<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230407_10-K_edgar_data_1836176_0000950170-23-012198.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23623229</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>456327</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2470154</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11125484</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3527231</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5502730</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-012198.hdr.sgml : 20230407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230407162030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-012198
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		139
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001836176
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED STRUCTURAL METAL PRODUCTS [3440]
		IRS NUMBER:				981571400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39994
		FILM NUMBER:		23808964

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 WALNUT RIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			HARTLAND
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		262-367-8254

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 WALNUT RIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			HARTLAND
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fathom Digital Manufacturing
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211223

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altimar Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-012198.txt : 20230407

10-K
 1
 fath-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant's Class A common stock benefici ally held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on April 4, 2023, was . Shares of the Class A common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer and director of the registrant and each holder of more than 10 of our Class A common stock have been excluded from this calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliated. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of April 4, 2023, there were shares of the registrant's Class A common stock outstanding and shares of the registrant's vote-only, non-economic Class B common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Explanatory Note 
 1 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 

Risk Factor Summary 
 2 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 33 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 34 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 48 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 48 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 50 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 51 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 52 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 52 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 52 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 53 

Exhibit Index 
 54 

Signatures 
 56 

Index to Financial Statements 
 F- 1 

Explanatory Note 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes information pertaining to periods prior to the closing of the Business Combination (as defined in Item 1. Business - Corporate Information of this Annual Report). Refer to Note 1 Nature of Business and Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies - Basis of Presentation of the notes to our consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report for further information regarding the basis of presentation. See Item 1. Business - Corporate Information of this Annual Report for a description of the Business Combination, which was completed with Altimar Acquisition Corp. II on December 23, 2021. Throughout this Annual Report, references to we, us, and our refer to Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation Fathom or the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as the context so requires. 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward looking statements. Statements regarding our expectations regarding the business are forward looking statements. In addition, words such as estimates, projected, expects, estimated, anticipates, forecasts, plans, intends, believes, seeks, may, will, would, future, propose, target, goal, objective, outlook and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report and in our other periodic filings are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results and are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Item7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. We may face additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or that we deem to be immaterial, which may also impair our business, financial condition, or prospects. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 
 1 

risk factor summary 
 
 The following is a summary of the risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and should be read in conjunction with the complete discussion of risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Some of the factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations include, but are not limited to the following: 
 we face increasing competition in many aspects of our business; 

we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our business acquisitions, and any acquisition, strategic relationship, joint venture, or investment could disrupt our business and harm our operating results and financial condition; 

if we are unable to manage our growth and expand our operations successfully, our reputation, brands, business, and results of operations may be harmed; 

the implementation of our re-organization plan could result in greater costs and fewer benefits than we anticipate; 

we are subject to risks related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any future outbreaks of other highly infectious or contagious disease; 

our success depends on our ability to deliver on-demand manufacturing capabilities and custom parts that meet the needs of our customers and to effectively respond to changes in our industry; 

our failure to meet our customers expectations regarding quick turnaround time, price or quality could adversely affect our business and results of operations; 

we are subject to risks related to our dependency on our key management members and other key personnel, as well as attracting, retaining, and developing qualified personnel in a highly competitive talent market; 

we may be subject to cybersecurity risks and changes to data protection regulation; 

our businesses are subject to extensive domestic and foreign regulations that may subject us to significant costs and compliance requirements; 

we are subject to risks related to the Tax Receivable Agreement; 

unfavorable global economic conditions, including increases in inflation and interest rates, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations; 

we may be subject to risks related to our status as an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act; 

we are subject to the risks of our status as a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards; 

our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance; 

the volatility of our stock price directly impacts the valuation of our warrants, Fathom earnout shares and Sponsor earnout shares (together, the Earnout Shares and could increase the volatility in our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss); 

our management team has limited experience managing a public company; 

we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in our failure to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations which could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price; 

there can be no assurance that we will be able to remain in compliance with the continued listing standards of the NYSE; 

our operating results and financial conditions may fluctuate on a quarterly or annual basis; 

the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes; and 

other factors detailed under Item 1A. Risk Factors below. 

2 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to we, us, and our refer to Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation Fathom , the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as the context so requires. 
 
 Fathom, through our operating subsidiary Fathom Holdco, LLC Fathom OpCo or Predecessor ), is a leading on-demand digital manufacturing platform in North America, providing comprehensive product development and production part manufacturing to many of the largest and most innovative companies in the world. We have extensive expertise in both additive and traditional manufacturing, enabling our agile, technology-agnostic platform to blend manufacturing technologies and processes to deliver hybridized solutions designed to meet the specific needs of our customers. This flexible problem-solving approach empowers our customers to accelerate their product development cycles, reducing manufacturing lead times for low to mid-volume production. 
 
 We combine diverse, scaled manufacturing capabilities and deep technical know-how to enable our customers to get to market faster, putting their design and product goals above the manufacturing limitations often imposed by other service providers. We pair our expertise and manufacturing capabilities with a unified proprietary suite of software, which becomes an extension of the customer s digital product development and low to mid-volume production threads. By continuously augmenting our software suite to stay in tune with evolving Industry 4.0 trends, we believe our platform is ideally suited to serve the product development and low-to mid-volume production parts needs of the largest and most innovative companies in the world. 
 
 Our differentiated strategy focuses on speed, problem solving, adaptive technical responsiveness, and a focus on manufacturing to meet customers design intent, allowing our customers to iterate faster and shorten their product development and production cycles from months to days. 
 
 Our deep technical expertise and integrated, software-driven approach underpin a comprehensive suite of capabilities, with over 25 unique manufacturing processes spread across 12 manufacturing facilities with nearly 450,000 square feet of manufacturing capacity in the United States U.S. ). Our scale and breadth of offerings allows our customers to consolidate their supply chain and product development needs and to source through a single supplier. Fathom seamlessly blends in-house capabilities of 530+ advanced manufacturing systems across plastic and metal additive technologies (90+ industrial-grade systems), computer numerical control CNC machining, injection molding and tooling, precision sheet metal fabrication, and design engineering, catering to a broad set of end markets. Fathom s manufacturing technologies and capacity are further extended through utilization of a selected group of highly qualified suppliers who specialize in injection molding and tooling and CNC machining. 
 
 With over 35 years of industry experience, Fathom is at the forefront of the Industry 4.0 digital manufacturing revolution, serving customers in the technology, defense, aerospace, medical, automotive and IOT sectors. Fathom s certifications include: International Organization for Standardization ISO 9001:2015, ISO 13485:2016, AS9100:2016, NIST800-171 and International Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR registered. 
 
 Fathom is also a platform built for taking advantage of attractive future merger and acquisition opportunities. Fathom s acquisition strategy is enabled by our unique integration playbook including our proprietary software platform. 
 
 Fathom s business was founded in 1984 under the name Midwest Composite Technologies, LLC MCT ). Following the merger of MCT and Kemeera, LLC in 2019, the business was rebranded to operate under the Fathom Digital Manufacturing name and key technical capabilities were added in direct response to the needs of our largest and most innovative corporate customers. Today, Fathom is the result of the successful integration of 13 complementary companies, acquired over the past four years, creating a robust on-demand digital manufacturing platform with a proven array of additive and traditional manufacturing capabilities. 
 
 As a result of our scale and superior offerings, we have developed a loyal base of approximately 2,500 customers, including many of the largest and most innovative companies in the world, with excellent representation across Fortune s 500 list. Over the year ended December 31, 2022, no single customer represented more than 10 of our total revenue. 
 
 Our target market consists of the highly fragmented U.S. low-to mid-volume manufacturing market of CNC machining, injection molding, precision sheet metal and additive manufacturing. This market is projected to grow, fueled by increased demand for additive manufacturing and continuation of the trend of customers increasingly outsourcing their product development prototyping and low-to mid-volume manufacturing needs. 
 
 3 

Our People 
 
 Our employees are the foundation of Fathom s enterprise and are essential to maintaining our business model and competitive advantages. As of December 31, 2022, we had 708 employees working across our U.S. locations. Our employees are distributed across functions, including engineering, production, sales, marketing, and general corporate functions. To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our relationship with our employees to be good. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor union. 
 
 Our human capital resource objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purpose of our equity incentive plans is to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of equity-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. 
 
 The health and well-being of our employees are critical to our ongoing ability to operate and serve our customers. We are committed to ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees across each location and job function this includes providing broad benefits to support their health and wellness needs. We continue to place the utmost importance on complying with governmental regulations and health authority guidance to ensure that the appropriate steps are taken to protect the well-being of all people engaged with our business. 
 
 Government Regulations 
 
 We are subject to various laws, regulations and permitting requirements of federal, state, and local authorities, including related to environmental and health and safety. We are also subject to various U.S. and foreign laws and regulations related to anti-corruption, data privacy, use and security, embargoes, sanctions, and trade and export controls, including those of the jurisdictions in which we operate, source from, or make sales to. We believe that we are in material compliance with all such laws, regulations, and permitting requirements. Changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the U.S. or elsewhere regarding our business operations and activities may impede our growth, significantly increase our operating costs and impair our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 We are subject to domestic environmental laws and regulations governing our operations, including, but not limited to, emissions into the air and water and the use, handling, disposal, and remediation of hazardous substances. A certain risk of environmental liability is inherent in our production activities. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, the generation, use, storage, registration, handling, and disposal of chemicals and waste materials, the presence of specified substances in electrical products, the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, or water, the cleanup of contaminated sites, including any contamination that results from spills due to our failure to properly dispose of chemicals and other waste materials, and the health and safety of our employees. We are required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain operations. The cost of complying with current and future environmental laws applicable to our operations, or the liabilities arising from past releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances, may result in future expenditures. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Fathom OpCo, a Delaware limited liability company, was formed in April 2021 for the purpose of holding a 100 percent equity interest in each of MCT Group Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries MCT Holdings and in Incodema Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries Incodema Holdings ). On April 30, 2021 Incodema Holdings and MCT Holdings were recapitalized through an exchange of equity pursuant to which each member of Incodema Holdings and each member of MCT Holdings exchanged their equity interests in Incodema Holdings and MCT Holdings, respectively, for equity interests in Fathom OpCo. As a result of this reorganization, each of Incodema Holdings and MCT Holdings are wholly owned subsidiaries of Fathom OpCo. 
 
 On December 23, 2021 (the Closing Date ), Altimar Acquisition Corp. II, a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company Altimar II ), domesticated as a Delaware corporation (the Domestication and changed its name to Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation. Immediately following the Domestication, Fathom completed a business combination (the Business Combination with Fathom OpCo pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2021, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2021 (as so amended, the BCA or the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Altimar II, Fathom OpCo, Rapid Merger Sub, LLC, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Altimar II Merger Sub ), and the other parties thereto. 
 
 4 

As part of the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Transactions, and such completion, the Closing ), Merger Sub merged with and into Fathom OpCo (the Merger ), with Fathom OpCo being the surviving entity of the Merger. As a result of the Merger and the other Transactions, the combined company was organized in an Up-C structure, with Fathom now serving as the sole managing member of Fathom OpCo. Fathom OpCo is now owned in part by former public and private shareholders of Altimar II and in part by continuing equity owners of Fathom OpCo (the Legacy Fathom Owners ). For a more detailed discussion of the Business Combination and the Transactions, see Fathom's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2021. 
 
 Our mailing address is 1050 Walnut Ridge Drive, Hartland, WI 53029, and our telephone number is (262) 367-8254. Our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FATH. Unless the context requires otherwise, Fathom, we, the Company, us and our refer to Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation and our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our website is located at www.fathommfg.com, and our investor relations website is located at http://investors.fathommfg.com/. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available, free of charge, on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the site is www.sec.gov. We use our http://investors.fathommfg.com/ and www.fathommfg.com websites as a means of disclosing material nonpublic information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. 
 
 The contents of, or information accessible through, our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file or furnish with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

5 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including, but not limited to, the sections entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 
 Business Risks 
 
 We face significant competition and expect to face increasing competition in many aspects of our business, which could cause our operating results to suffer. 
 
 The digital manufacturing industry in which we operate is fragmented and highly competitive. We compete for customers with a wide variety of custom parts manufacturers and methods. Some of our current and potential competitors include captive in-house production capabilities, other custom parts manufacturers, brokers of custom parts and additive manufacturing vendors, including those utilizing 3D printing processes. Moreover, some of our existing and potential competitors are researching, designing, developing, and marketing other types of products and manufacturing capabilities. We also expect that future competition may arise from the development or improvement of allied or related techniques for digital manufacturing, including from the issuance of patents to other companies that may inhibit our ability to compete effectively. Furthermore, our competitors may attempt to adopt and improve upon key aspects of our business model, such as development of technology that automates much of the manual labor conventionally required to quote and manufacture custom parts, implementation of interactive web-based and automated user interface and quoting systems and/or building scalable operating models specifically designed for efficient custom parts production. Third-party Computer Aided Design CAD software companies may develop software that mold-makers, injection molders and CNC machine shops could use to compete with our business model. Additive manufacturers may develop stronger, higher temperature resins or introduce other improvements that could more effectively compete with us on part quality. We may also, from time to time, establish alliances or relationships with other competitors or potential competitors, including 3D printer Original Equipment Manufacturers OEMs ). To the extent companies terminate such relationships and establish alliances and relationships with our competitors, our business could be harmed. 
 
 Existing and potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and sales, manufacturing, distribution and other resources and name recognition than us, as well as experience and expertise in intellectual property rights, any of which may enable them to compete effectively against us. For example, a number of companies that possess substantial resources have announced that they are beginning digital manufacturing initiatives, which will further strengthen the competition we face. 
 
 Though we plan to continue to expend resources to develop new technologies, processes and manufacturing capabilities, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our current competitive position or continue to compete successfully against current and future sources of competition. One challenge in developing new business opportunities is identifying custom parts categories for which our automated quotation and digital manufacturing processes offer an attractive value proposition, and we may not be able to identify any new custom parts categories with favorable economics similar to our existing offerings. If we do not keep pace with technological change, demand for our offerings may decline and our operating results may suffer. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to deliver on-demand manufacturing capabilities and custom parts that meet the needs of our customers and to effectively respond to changes in our industry. 
 
 We derive almost all of our revenue from the manufacture and sale to our customers of quick-turn, low volume custom parts for prototyping, support of internal manufacturing and limited quantity product release up to mid volume production requirements. Our business has been and, we believe, will continue to be, affected by changes in our customers new product and product line introductions, requirements and preferences, rapid technological change and the emergence of new standards and practices, any of which could render our technology and manufacturing capabilities less attractive, uneconomical or obsolete. To the extent that our customers need for quick-turn to mid-volume production parts decreases significantly for any reason, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results and harm our competitive position. In addition, CAD simulation and other technologies may reduce the demand for physical prototype parts. Therefore, we believe that to remain competitive, we must continually expend resources to enhance and improve our technology and manufacturing capabilities. 
 
 6 

In particular, we plan to continue to focus a significant portion of those efforts to further develop our technology in areas such as our interactive project management platform and manufacturing processes, technology offerings and broaden the range of parts that we are able to manufacture. We believe successful execution of this part of our business plan is critical for our ability to compete in our industry and grow our business, and there are no guarantees we will be able to do so in a timely fashion, or at all. Broadening the range of parts and technologies that we are able to manufacture and offer is of particular importance because limitations in manufacturability are the primary reason we are not able to fulfill many quotation requests. There are no guarantees that the resources we devote to executing on this aspect of our business plan will improve our business and operating results or result in increased demand for our custom parts and manufacturing capabilities. Failures in this area could adversely impact our operating results and harm our reputation and brands. Even if we are successful in executing in this area, our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological change, and our competitors may develop new technologies and manufacturing capabilities that are superior to ours. 
 
 Any failure to effectively meet the needs of our customers or respond to changes in our industry on a cost-effective and timely basis, or at all, would likely have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results and harm our competitive position. 
 
 Our failure to meet our customers expectations regarding quick turnaround time, price or quality could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 We believe many of our customers are facing increased pressure from global competitors to be first to market with their finished products, often resulting in a need for quick turnaround of custom parts. We believe our ability to quickly quote, manufacture and ship custom parts has been an important factor in our results to date. There are no guarantees we will be able to meet customers increasing expectations regarding quick turnaround time. If we fail to meet our customers expectations regarding turnaround time in any given period, our business and results of operations will likely suffer. 
 
 Demand for our custom parts and manufacturing capabilities is sensitive to price. We believe our competitive pricing has been an important factor in our results to date. Therefore, changes in our pricing strategies can have a significant impact on our business and ability to generate revenue. Many factors, including our production and personnel costs and our competitors pricing and marketing strategies, can significantly impact our pricing strategies. If we fail to meet our customers price expectations in any given period, demand for our custom parts and manufacturing capabilities could be negatively impacted and our business and results of operations could suffer. 
 
 Most of our customers have a need for specific quality of quick-turn, on-demand custom parts. We believe our ability to create parts meeting our customers specifications and quality expectations is an important factor in our results to date. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to consistently manufacture custom parts that achieve the production specifications and quality that our customers expect. If we fail to meet our customers specifications and quality expectations in any given period, demand for our custom parts and manufacturing capabilities could be negatively impacted and our business and results of operations could suffer. 
 
 The strength of our brands is important to our business, and any failure to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to retain and expand our customer base as well as further penetrate existing customers. 
 
 Because our custom parts and manufacturing capabilities are sold primarily through our website, the success of our business depends in part upon our ability to attract new and repeat customers to our website in order to increase business and grow our revenue. Customer awareness and the perceived value of our brands will depend largely on the success of our marketing efforts, as well as our ability to consistently provide quality custom parts within the required timeframes and positive customer experiences, which we may not do successfully. A primary component of our business strategy is the continued promotion and strengthening of our brands. We may choose to increase our branding expense materially, but we cannot be sure that this investment will be profitable. If we are unable to successfully maintain and enhance our brands, this could have a negative impact on our business and ability to generate revenue. 
 
 7 

Sales efforts to large customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with respect to sales to smaller organizations. 
 
 Attracting and retaining business from large enterprise customers is an element of our business strategy. Sales to large customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with sales to smaller organizations, such as longer sales cycles, more complex customer requirements, substantial upfront sales costs, less predictability in completing some of our sales and extended payment terms. A number of factors influence the length and variability of our sales cycle, including the need to educate potential customers about the uses and benefits of our platform, our various technologies and manufacturing capabilities, the longer period of time typically taken by large customers to evaluate and test our project management platform prior to making a purchase decision and placing an order, the discretionary nature of purchasing and budget cycles and the competitive nature of evaluation and purchasing approval processes. As a result, the length of our sales cycle, from identification of the opportunity to deal closure, may vary significantly from customer to customer, with sales to large enterprises typically taking longer to complete. Moreover, larger organizations may demand more customization, which would increase our upfront investment in the sales effort with no guarantee that these customers will seek to use our manufacturing capabilities widely enough across their organization to justify our substantial upfront investment. A portion of these customers may purchase our offerings on payment terms, requiring us to assume a credit risk for non-payment in the ordinary course of business. If we fail to effectively manage these risks associated with sales to large customers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be affected. 
 
 Our business depends in part on our ability to process a large volume of new custom part designs from a diverse group of customers and successfully identify significant opportunities for our business based on those submissions. 
 
 We believe the volume of new custom part designs we process and the size and diversity of our customer base give us valuable insight into the needs of our prospective customers. We utilize this industry knowledge to determine where we should focus our development resources. If the number of new custom part designs we process or the size and diversity of our customer base decrease, our ability to successfully identify significant opportunities for our business and meet the needs of existing or prospective customers could be negatively impacted. In addition, even if we do continue to process a large number of new custom part designs and work with a significant and diverse customer base, there are no guarantees that any industry knowledge we extract from those interactions will be successfully utilized to help us identify significant business opportunities or better understand the needs of our existing or prospective customers. 
 
 Wage increases and pressure in certain geographies may prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margin. 
 
 Measures are being taken in the U.S. and globally to increase minimum wages, and there is a shortage of skilled labor in certain locations leading to increased wage pressure. Similarly, with an increased global focus on environmental, social and corporate-governance concerns and sustainability, input costs have been steadily rising. Accordingly, we may need to increase the levels of labor compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining the quality and amount of labor that our business requires. To the extent that we are not able to control or recoup wage increases through our pricing, wage increases may reduce our margins and cash flows, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The loss of one or more key members of our management team or personnel, or our failure to attract, integrate and retain additional personnel in the future, could harm our business and negatively affect our ability to successfully grow our business. 
 
 We are highly dependent upon the continued service and performance of the key members of our management team and other personnel. The loss of any of these individuals, each of whom is at will and may terminate his or her employment relationship with us at any time, could disrupt our operations and significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. We believe that our future success will also depend in part on our continued ability to identify, hire, train and motivate qualified personnel. High demand exists for qualified senior management and other key personnel (including technical, engineering, product, finance and sales personnel) in the digital manufacturing industry. A possible shortage of qualified individuals in the regions where we operate might require us to pay increased compensation to attract and retain key employees, thereby increasing our costs. In addition, we face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous companies, many of whom have substantially greater financial and other resources and name recognition than us. We may be unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing operational, managerial and other requirements, or we may be required to pay increased compensation in order to do so. For example, our failure to attract and retain shop floor employees may inhibit our ability to fulfill production orders for our customers. Our failure to attract, hire, integrate and retain qualified personnel could impair our ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 
 8 

All of our employees are at-will employees, meaning that they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. We generally enter into non-competition agreements with our employees and certain consultants. These agreements prohibit our employees and applicable consultants from competing directly with us or working for our competitors or customers while they work for us, and in some cases, for a limited period after they cease working for us. We may be unable to enforce these agreements under the laws of the jurisdictions in which our employees and applicable consultants work and it may be difficult for us to restrict our competitors from benefiting from the expertise that our former employees or consultants developed while working for us. If we cannot demonstrate that our legally protectable interests will be harmed, we may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise of our former employees or consultants and our ability to remain competitive may be diminished. 
 
 One element of our growth strategy relies on business acquisitions. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and any acquisition, strategic relationship, joint venture, or investment could disrupt our business and harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our business and customer base have been built in part through organic growth, but also through acquisitions of businesses that increase market share in our current markets or expand into other markets, or broaden our technology, intellectual property or product line capabilities. We have completed 13 acquisitions during the last three years, and we intend to continue to aggressively pursue attractive opportunities to enhance or expand our offerings through acquisitions, strategic relationships, joint ventures or investments that we believe may allow us to implement our growth strategy. For example, in December 2019, we acquired ICO Mold, LLC ICOMold to enable us to expand our existing Search Engine Optimization SEO and Search Engine Marketing SEM capabilities. During 2020 and 2021, we completed six acquisitions that added CNC machining to our manufacturing capabilities, and three acquisitions that added precision sheet metal fabrication to our offerings. We cannot forecast the number, timing or size of any future acquisitions or other similar strategic transactions, or the effect that any such transactions might have on our operating or financial results. We may not be able to successfully identify future acquisition opportunities or complete any such acquisitions if we cannot reach agreement on commercially favorable terms, if we lack sufficient resources to finance such transactions on our own and cannot obtain financing at a reasonable cost or if regulatory authorities prevent such transactions from being completed. Restrictions in the Credit Agreement (as defined in Item7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Borrowings and Lines of Credit:) also limit our ability to complete new acquisitions. 
 
 Although we have substantial experience engaging in these types of transactions, such transactions may be complex, time consuming and expensive, and may present numerous challenges and risks including: 

an acquired company, asset or technology not furthering our business strategy as anticipated; 

difficulties entering and competing in new product or geographic markets and increased competition, including price competition; 

integration challenges; 

challenges in working with strategic partners and resolving any related disagreements or disputes; 

high valuation for a company, asset or technology, or changes in the economic or market conditions or assumptions underlying our decision to make an acquisition; 

significant problems or liabilities associated with acquired businesses, assets or technologies, including increased intellectual property and employment-related litigation exposure; 

acquisition of a significant amount of goodwill, which could result in future impairment charges that would reduce our earnings; and 

requirements to record substantial charges and amortization expense related to certain purchased intangible assets, deferred stock compensation and other items, as well as other charges or expenses. 

Any one of these challenges or risks could impair our ability to realize any benefit from our acquisitions, strategic relationships, joint ventures or investments after we have expended resources on them, as well as divert our management s attention. Any failure to successfully address these challenges or risks could disrupt our business and harm our operating results and financial condition. Moreover, any such transaction may not be viewed favorably by investors or other stakeholders. 
 
 9 

If we proceed with a particular acquisition, we may have to use cash, issue new equity securities with dilutive effects on existing stockholders, incur indebtedness, assume contingent liabilities, or amortize assets or expenses in a manner that might have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Acquisitions will also require us to record certain acquisition-related costs and other items as current period expenses, which would have the effect of reducing our reported earnings in the period in which an acquisition is consummated. In addition, we could also face unknown liabilities or write-offs due to our acquisitions, which could result in a significant charge to our earnings in the period in which they occur. We have recorded, and in the future will be required to record any goodwill or other long-lived asset impairment charges in the periods in which they occur, which could result in a significant charge to our earnings in any such period. 
 
 Achieving the expected returns and synergies from future acquisitions will depend, in part, upon our ability to integrate the products and services, technology, administrative functions and personnel of these businesses into our offering lines in an efficient and effective manner. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so, that any acquired businesses will perform at levels and on the timelines anticipated by our management or that we will be able to realize these synergies. In addition, acquired technologies and intellectual property may be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by our own or our competitors technological advances. Management resources may also be diverted from operating our existing businesses to certain acquisition integration challenges. If we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses, our anticipated revenues and profits may be lower. Our profit margins may also be lower, or diluted, following the acquisition of companies whose profit margins are less than those of our existing businesses. 
 
 In addition, from time to time we may enter into negotiations for acquisitions, relationships, joint ventures or investments that are not ultimately consummated. These negotiations could result in significant diversion of management time, as well as substantial out-of-pocket costs. 
 
 If we are unable to manage our growth and expand our operations successfully, our reputation and brands may be damaged, and our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 
 Over the past several years, we have experienced rapid growth. For example, we have grown from 44 full-time employees as of October 31, 2018 to 708 full-time employees as of December 31, 2022. Our ability to effectively manage our anticipated growth and expansion of our operations will require us to do, among other things, the following: 

enhance our operational, financial and management controls and infrastructure, human resource policies, and reporting systems and procedures; 

effectively scale our operations, including accurately predicting the need for floor space, equipment, and additional staffing; and 

successfully identify, recruit, hire, train, develop, maintain, motivate, and integrate additional employees. 

These enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources. Furthermore, our growth has placed, and will continue to place, a strain on our operational, financial and management infrastructure. Our future financial performance and our ability to execute on our business plan will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth and expansion. There are no guarantees we will be able to do so in an efficient or timely manner, or at all. Our failure to effectively manage growth and expansion could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects, reputation and brands, including impairing our ability to perform to our customers expectations. 
 
 10 

We may not timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology, processes and infrastructure to meet the needs of our business. 
 
 A key element to our continued growth is the ability to quickly and efficiently quote an increasing number of customer submissions across geographic regions and to manufacture the related custom parts. This will require us to timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology, processes and infrastructure to meet the needs of our business. With respect to our website, project management platform and quoting technology, it may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve their performance, especially during periods of heavy usage and as our solutions become more complex and our user traffic increases across geographic regions. Similarly, our manufacturing automation technology may not enable us to process the large numbers of unique designs and efficiently manufacture the related custom parts in a timely fashion to meet the needs of our customers as our business continues to grow. Any failure in our ability to timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology, processes and infrastructure could negatively impact our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers, damage our reputation and brands, result in lost revenue, and otherwise substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 The implementation of our reorganization plan could result in greater costs and fewer benefits than we anticipate, which could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 On July 7, 2022, the Board approved a reorganization plan, designed to consolidate the Company s national footprint, streamline legacy leadership and centralize core business functions following the completion of 13 acquisitions by Fathom since 2019. These measures include consolidation of leadership and other roles through a net workforce reduction of approximately 6 , consolidation of our Oakland, California facility into our Hartland, Wisconsin headquarters, the establishment of a technology center in Fremont, CA and streamlining of certain of our administrative processes. On February 17, 2023, the Company committed to additional actions to continue and expand the reorganization plan. The additional actions include closing and consolidation a location in Texas, reducing the Company s workforce by an additional 14 and prioritizing investments and operations in line with near-term revenue generation. We expect to substantially complete this reorganization plan by the first half of fiscal year 2023, but the process to complete these reorganization initiatives could take more time, and could be more costly than anticipated. In addition, these initiatives have placed and could place substantial additional demands on our management, which could lead to the diversion of management s attention from other business priorities. These initiatives could also lead to unanticipated work stoppages, low employee morale, decreased productivity, and a failure to deliver under existing and future commitments to third parties, which could harm our business. As a result of these or any other factors, we could fail to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the reorganization initiatives, which could in turn materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, our financial condition could be adversely affected and we may not be able to execute our growth strategy. 
 
 We intend to continue to make acquisitions and other investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to complement our growth strategy, increase market share in our current markets or expand into other markets, or broaden our technology, intellectual property or manufacturing capabilities. Accordingly, we may need to obtain equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. The Credit Agreement and any debt financing we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, we may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 11 

Numerous factors may cause us not to maintain the revenue growth that we have historically experienced. 
 
 Although our revenue has grown from 20.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 to 161.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, we may not be able to maintain our historical rate of revenue growth. We believe that our future revenue growth will depend on many factors, a number of which are out of our control, including among others, our ability to: 

retain and further penetrate existing customers, as well as attract new customers; 

consistently execute on custom part orders in a manner that satisfies our customers product needs and provides them with a superior experience; 

develop new technologies or manufacturing processes and broaden the range of custom parts we offer; 

capitalize on customers product expectations for access to comprehensive, user-friendly e-commerce capabilities 24 hours per day, 7 days per week; 

increase the strength and awareness of our brands across geographic regions; 

respond to changes in customers needs, technology and our industry; 

react to challenges from existing and new competitors; and 

respond to an economic slowdown which negatively impacts manufacturers ability to innovate and bring new products to market. 

We cannot assure you that we will be successful in addressing the factors described above and continuing to grow our business and revenue. 
 
 Errors or defects in the software we use or custom parts we manufacture could cause us to incur additional costs, lose revenue and business opportunities, damage our reputation and expose us to potential liability. 
 
 The sophisticated software we use and the often complex custom parts we manufacture may contain errors, defects or other performance problems at any point in the life of the software or custom parts. If errors or defects are discovered in our current or future software or in the custom parts we manufacture for customers, we may not be able to correct them in a timely manner or provide an adequate response to our customers. We may therefore need to expend significant financial, technical and management resources, or divert some of our development resources, in order to resolve or work around those errors or defects. Particularly in the medical sector, errors or defects in our software or custom parts we manufacture could lead to claims by patients against us and our customers and expose us to lawsuits that may damage our and our customers reputations. Claims may be made by individuals or by classes of users. Our product liability and related insurance policies may not apply or sufficiently cover any product liability lawsuit that arises from defective software we may use or the custom parts we manufacture. Customers such as our collaboration partners may also seek indemnification for third party claims allegedly arising from breaches of warranties under our collaboration agreements. 
 
 Errors, defects, or other performance problems in the software we use or custom parts we manufacture may also result in the loss of, or delay in, the market acceptance of our platform and digital manufacturing capabilities. Such difficulties could also cause us to lose customers and, particularly in the case of our largest customers, the potentially substantial associated revenue which would have been generated by our sales to companies participating in our customer supply chains. Technical problems, or the loss of a customer with a particularly important national or global reputation, could also damage our own business reputation and cause us to lose new business opportunities. 
 
 12 

Interruptions to or other problems with our website, project management platform, information technology systems, manufacturing processes or other operations could damage our reputation and brands and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 The satisfactory performance, reliability, consistency, security and availability of our website and interactive project management platform, information technology systems, manufacturing processes and other operations are critical to our reputation and brands, and to our ability to effectively service customers. Any interruptions or other problems that cause any of our website, interactive project management platform or information technology systems to malfunction or be unavailable, or negatively impact our manufacturing processes or other operations, may damage our reputation and brands, result in lost revenue, cause us to incur significant costs seeking to remedy the problem and otherwise substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 A number of factors or events could cause such interruptions or problems, including among others: human and software errors, design faults, challenges associated with upgrades, changes or new facets of our business, power loss, telecommunication failures, fire, flood, extreme weather, political instability, acts of terrorism, war, break-ins and security breaches, contract disputes, labor strikes and other workforce-related issues, capacity constraints due to an unusually large number of customers and potential customers accessing our website or project management platform or ordering parts at the same time, and other similar events. These risks are augmented by the fact that our customers come to us largely for our quick-turn low to mid-volume manufacturing capabilities and that accessibility and turnaround speed are often of critical importance to these customers. We are dependent upon our facilities through which we satisfy all of our production demands and in which we house all of the computer hardware necessary to operate our website and systems as well as managerial, customer service, sales, marketing and other similar functions, and we have not identified alternatives to these facilities or established fully redundant systems in multiple locations. In addition, we are dependent in part on third parties for the implementation and maintenance of certain aspects of our communications and production systems, and therefore preventing, identifying and rectifying problems with these aspects of our systems is to a large extent outside of our control. 
 
 Moreover, the business interruption insurance that we carry may not be sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business that may result from interruptions in our offerings and manufacturing processes as a result of system failures. 
 
 If a natural or man-made disaster strikes any of our manufacturing facilities, we may be unable to manufacture our products for a substantial period of time and our sales will decline. 
 
 We manufacture the majority of our products in 12 manufacturing facilities located in the U.S. and the rest is manufactured through our supply chain partners. These facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use would be costly to replace if damaged by a natural or man-made disaster, and could require substantial lead time to repair or replace. Our facilities may be harmed by natural or man-made disasters, including, without limitation, earthquakes, floods, tornadoes, fires, hurricanes, tsunamis, nuclear disasters, terrorist attacks, or as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. In the event any of our facilities are affected by a disaster, we may: 

be unable to meet the shipping deadlines of our customers; 

experience disruptions in our ability to process submissions and generate quotations, manufacture and ship parts, provide marketing and sales support and customer service and otherwise operate our business, any of which could negatively impact our business; 

be forced to rely on third-party manufacturers; 

need to expend significant capital and other resources to address any damage caused by the disaster; and 

lose customers and be unable to reacquire those customers. 

Although we possess insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business from casualties, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 
 13 

If our present single or limited source suppliers become unavailable or inadequate, our customer relationships, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 We acquire substantially all of the manufacturing equipment and certain of our materials that are critical to the ongoing operation and future growth of our business from third parties. We do not have long-term supply contracts with any of our suppliers and operate on a purchase-order basis. While most manufacturing equipment and materials for our products are available from multiple suppliers, certain of those items are only available from single or limited sources. Should any of our present single or limited source suppliers for manufacturing equipment or materials become unavailable or inadequate, or impose terms unacceptable to us such as increased pricing terms, we could be required to spend a significant amount of time and expense to develop alternate sources of supply, and we may not be successful in doing so on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes or tornadoes, may affect our supply of materials, particularly resins, from time to time, and we may purchase larger amounts of certain materials in anticipation of future shortages or increases in pricing. In addition, if we were unable to find a suitable supplier for a particular type of manufacturing equipment or material, we could be required to modify our existing manufacturing processes and offerings to accommodate the situation. As a result, the loss of a single or limited source supplier could adversely affect our relationship with our customers and our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to payment-related risks. 
 
 We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, customer invoicing, physical bank check and payment upon delivery. As we offer new payment options to our customers, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements and fraud risk. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards or electronic checks, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Workplace accidents or environmental damage could result in substantial remedial obligations and damage to our reputation. 
 
 Accidents or other incidents that occur at our manufacturing and other facilities or involve our personnel or operations could result in claims for damages against us. In addition, in the event we are found to be financially responsible, as a result of environmental or other laws or by court order, for environmental damages alleged to have been caused by us or occurring on our premises, we could be required to pay substantial monetary damages or undertake expensive remedial obligations. The amount of any costs, including fines or damages payments that we might incur under such circumstances, could substantially exceed any insurance we have to cover such losses. Any of these events, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could adversely affect our reputation. 
 
 Interruptions, delays in service or inability to increase capacity at third-party data center facilities could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 
 Our business, brands, reputation, and ability to attract and retain customers depend upon the satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our project management platform, and depend upon the availability of the internet and our third-party service providers. We rely on third party data center facilities operated by Amazon Web Services AWS ), Ace Cloud Hosting Ace ), and Right Networks Right Networks to host our main servers. We do not control the operation of any of AWS, Ace s, or Right Networks data center hosting facilities, and they may be subject to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events. They may also be subject to interruptions due to system failures, computer viruses, software errors or subject to breaches of computer hardware and software security, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct. And while we rely on service level agreements with our hosting providers, if they do not properly maintain their infrastructure or if they incur unplanned outages, our customers may experience performance issues or unexpected interruptions and we may not meet our service level agreement terms with our customers. We have experienced, and expect that in the future we may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions and capacity constraints. These and other similar events beyond our control could negatively affect the use, functionality or availability of our services. 
 
 14 

Any damage to, or failure of, our systems, or those of our third-party providers, could interrupt or hinder the use or functionality of our website or project management platform. Resulting impairment of or interruptions of our business may reduce revenue, subject us to claims and litigation, cause customers to terminate their contracts and adversely affect our ability to attract new customers. If we are forced to switch hosting facilities for our main servers, we may not be successful in finding an alternative service provider on acceptable terms or in hosting the computer servers ourselves. Our business will also be harmed if customers and potential customers believe our systems are unreliable. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. 
 
 We and our offerings face increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities, including diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance, and transparency. Before making an investment on behalf of our products, we analyze a wide array of considerations, risks, and potential rewards related to the prospective investment. Among the pecuniary considerations we analyze are the present and future material ESG implications of investments. It is expected that investor demands and the prevailing legal environment will require us to spend additional resources and place increasing importance on ESG matters in our review of prospective investments and management of existing ones. Devoting additional resources to ESG matters could increase the amount of expenses we or our businesses are required to bear. Further, emphasis on ESG criteria in evaluating an investment by us or our offerings and products could lead to reduced profits. 
 
 ESG matters have been the subject of increased focus by certain U.S. regulators, among others. As a result of this regulatory focus and any related legislative and regulatory initiatives, we may be required to provide additional disclosure with respect to ESG matters. This exposes us to increased disclosure risks, for example due to a lack of available or credible data, and the potential for conflicting disclosures may also expose us to an increased risk of misstatement litigation or miss-selling allegations. Failure to manage these risks could result in a material adverse effect on our business in a number of ways. 
 
 Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 
 
 There is evidence of global climate change, which could present risks to our future operations from natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, or flooding. Such extreme weather conditions could pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt operation of our supply chain and our customers and may increase operational costs. Concern over climate change will likely result in new legal or regulatory requirements designed to identify or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. For example, in the U.S., the SEC is actively engaged in climate-related rulemaking. These proposed rules, depending on how they are finally adopted, as well as other changes the government might implement, could impose significant new burdens on us and our suppliers, with significant costs and operational impacts, and adversely impact our ability to win business and operate successfully. If such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations, and raw material sourcing, manufacturing operations and the distribution of our products may be affected. 
 
 Industry Risks 
 
 We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 
 We face a wide variety of risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, especially of infectious diseases, including COVID-19. Since first reported in late 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic has dramatically impacted the global health and economic environment, including millions of confirmed cases and deaths, business slowdowns or shutdowns, labor shortages, supply chain challenges, changes in industrial product development spending, regulatory challenges, inflationary pressures and market volatility. As discussed in our prior and current Form 10-K and 10-Q filings, our operations have been and we expect will continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and its related economic challenges. However, we have worked hard to address and mitigate adverse impacts from COVID-19, and we do not currently anticipate significant additional direct impacts from the pandemic itself on our operations. Nonetheless, we cannot predict the future course of events. 
 
 If, for example, the COVID-19 pandemic worsens, due to spread, new or additional variants, or if a new health epidemic or outbreak were to occur, we likely would experience broad and varied impacts, including potentially to our workforce and supply chain, with inflationary pressures and increased costs (which may or may not be fully recoverable or insured), schedule or production delays, market volatility and other financial impacts. If any or all of these events were to occur, we could experience adverse impacts on our overall performance, operations and financial results. Given the tremendous uncertainties and variables, we cannot at this time predict the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, or any future health epidemics, pandemics, or similar outbreaks, but any one of such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 15 

If demand for our offerings and manufacturing capabilities does not grow as expected, or if market adoption of digital manufacturing does not continue to develop, or develops more slowly than expected, our revenues may stagnate or decline and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 The industrial manufacturing market, which today is dominated by conventional manufacturing processes that do not involve digital manufacturing technology, is undergoing a shift towards digital manufacturing. We may not be able to develop effective strategies to raise awareness among potential customers of the benefits of digital manufacturing technologies or our offerings and manufacturing capabilities may not address the specific needs or provide the level of functionality required by potential customers to encourage the continuation of this shift towards digital manufacturing. If digital manufacturing technology does not continue to gain broader market acceptance as an alternative to conventional manufacturing processes, or if the marketplace adopts digital manufacturing technologies and capacities developed by our competitors, we may not be able to increase or sustain the level of sales of our offerings and our operating results would be adversely affected as a result. 
 
 We could face liability if our digital manufacturing solutions are used by our customers to print dangerous objects. 
 
 Customers may use our digital manufacturing offerings to produce parts that could be used in a harmful way or could otherwise be dangerous. For example, there have been news reports that 3D printers were used to print guns or other weapons. We have little, if any, control, or knowledge over the parts we manufacture for our customers using our offerings, and it may be difficult, if not impossible, for us to monitor and prevent customers from having certain components of weapons or other dangerous objects manufactured with our services. While we have never digitally manufactured weapons for customers, there can be no assurance that we will not be held liable if someone were injured or killed by a weapon or other dangerous object containing a component part or parts manufactured for a customer using one of our offerings. 
 
 Because the digital manufacturing market is rapidly evolving, forecasts of market growth may not be accurate. 
 
 Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The forecasts and estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relating to the expected size and growth of the markets for digital manufacturing technology and other markets in which we participate may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets experience the forecasted growth described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we may not grow our business at similar rates, or at all. Our future growth is subject to many factors, including continued market adoption of our offerings, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, the forecasts and estimates of market size and growth described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. In addition, these forecasts do not consider the impact of the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, and we cannot assure you that these forecasts will not be materially and adversely affected as a result. 
 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions and changes, including changes in inflation, interest rates and geopolitical matters, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations . 
 
 Heightened levels of inflation and the potential worsening of macroeconomic conditions, including slower growth or recession, further changes to federal government fiscal or monetary policies, tighter credit and higher interest rates, present risks for us, our suppliers and the stability of the broader manufacturing industrial base. We have experienced pricing increases from our suppliers and we have increased compensation to our employees to help ensure employee retention. To the extent inflation or other factors increase our business costs, it may not be feasible to pass price increases on to our customers or offset higher costs through manufacturing efficiencies. Inflation could also adversely affect the ability of our customers to purchase our products and higher interest rates could adversely affect the ability of our customers to invest in product innovation and development that generate demand for our custom parts. An economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our products and our inability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could also result in further constraints on our suppliers or cause future customers to delay making payments for our products. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 
 In addition, the ongoing trade war between the U.S. and China may impact the cost of raw materials, finished products or other materials used in our offerings and our ability to sell our offerings in China. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship remains stalled as economic and national security concerns continue to be a challenge. Other changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory, and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment could also adversely affect our business. We could experience interruptions in production due to the processing of customs formalities or reduced customer spending in the wake of weaker economic performance. If global economic conditions remain volatile for a prolonged period our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 16 

Intellectual Property and Infrastructure-Related Risks 
 
 We may not be able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could impair our competitive position. 
 
 Our success and future revenue growth will depend, in part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property. We rely primarily on patents, licenses, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as non-disclosure agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary technologies and processes globally. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, it is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies and processes. We cannot assure you that any of our existing or future patents will not be challenged or invalidated in court or patent office proceedings that could be time-consuming, expensive and distract us from operating our business. In addition, competitors could circumvent our patents by inventing around them. As such, any rights granted under these patents may not provide us with meaningful protection. We may not be able to obtain foreign patents corresponding to our U.S. patents. Even if foreign patents are granted, effective enforcement in foreign countries may not be available. If our patents and other intellectual property do not adequately protect our proprietary technology, our competitors may be able to offer product lines similar to ours. Our competitors may also be able to develop similar technology independently or design around our patents. Any of the foregoing events would lead to increased competition and lower our revenue or gross margin, which would adversely affect our net income. 
 
 We may incur substantial costs enforcing or acquiring intellectual property rights and defending against third-party claims as a result of litigation or other proceedings. Our failure to expand our intellectual property portfolio could adversely affect the growth of our business and results of operations. 
 
 We may incur substantial expense and costs in protecting, enforcing and defending our intellectual property rights against third parties. Intellectual property disputes may be costly and can be disruptive to our business operations by diverting attention and energies of management and key technical personnel and by increasing our costs of doing business. Third-party intellectual property claims asserted against us could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from providing our offerings to customers, subject us to injunctions prohibiting or restricting our sale of our offerings, or require us to redesign our offerings, causing severe disruptions to our operations or the marketplaces in which we compete or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers, including contractual provisions under various license arrangements. In addition, we may incur significant costs in acquiring the necessary third-party intellectual property rights for use in our offerings. Any of these could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Patent applications in the U.S and most other countries are confidential for a period of time until they are published, and the publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature typically lags actual discoveries by several months or more. As a result, the nature of claims contained in unpublished patent filings around the world is unknown to us, and we cannot be certain that we were the first to conceive inventions covered by our patents or patent applications or that we were the first to file patent applications covering such inventions. Furthermore, it is not possible to know in which countries patent holders may choose to extend their filings under the Patent Cooperation Treaty or other mechanisms. 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims from individuals, vendors and other parties, including those that are in the business of asserting patents, but are not commercializing products or services in the field of digital manufacturing, or our customers may seek to invoke indemnification obligations to involve us in such intellectual property infringement claims. Furthermore, although we maintain certain procedures to screen custom parts we manufacture on behalf of customers for infringement on the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot be certain that our procedures will be effective in preventing any such infringement. Any third-party lawsuits or other assertion to which we are subject, alleging infringement of trademarks, patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights either by us or by our customers may have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents, including cyber-attacks, could adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information and confidential information in our possession and damage to our business relationships, any of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target us due to our substantial reliance on information technology. Cyber-attacks and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. As a result of the generally increasing frequency and sophistication of cyber-attacks, and our substantial reliance on technology, we may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to sensitive information resulting from an attack by computer hackers, foreign governments or cyber terrorists. 
 
 17 

The operation of our business is dependent on computer hardware and software systems, as well as data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, which are vulnerable to security breaches and cyber incidents. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. In addition, we and our employees may be the target of fraudulent emails or other targeted attempts to gain unauthorized access to proprietary or other sensitive information. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, fraudulent transfers or requests for transfers of money, liability for stolen information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our business relationships, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. Our reliance on information technology is substantial, and accordingly the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided by third-party service providers are critical. We have implemented processes, procedures and internal controls designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions and rely on industry accepted security measures and technology to securely maintain confidential and proprietary information maintained on our information systems; however, these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber-incident, do not guarantee that a cyber-incident will not occur and/or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident, especially because the cyber-incident techniques change frequently or are not recognized until launched and because cyber-incidents can originate from a wide variety of sources. 
 
 Those risks are exacerbated by the rapidly increasing volume of highly sensitive data, including our and our customers proprietary business information and intellectual property, and personally identifiable information of our employees and customers, that we collect and store in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information are critical to our operations. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of employee, customer or other personally identifiable or our or our customers proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance (or the negligence or malfeasance of third party service providers that have access to such confidential information) or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us and significant reputational harm. 
 
 Our proprietary digital manufacturing software contains third-party open source software components. Our use of such open source software may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell our offerings. 
 
 Our proprietary digital manufacturing software contains components that are licensed under so-called open source, free or other similar licenses. Open source software is made available to the general public on an as-is basis under the terms of a non-negotiable license. We currently combine our proprietary software with open source software, but not in a manner that we believe requires the release of the source code of our proprietary software to the public. We do not plan to integrate our proprietary software with open source software in ways that would require the release of the source code of our proprietary software to the public; however, our use of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software. Open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release to the public or remove the source code of our proprietary software. As is standard practice among technology companies, Fathom leverages open source software in the development of its internal software. Open source software is commonly used as a foundation to which Fathom develops upon, allowing us to customize the software based on the specific needs of Fathom. This approach enables faster development of high quality software. We may also face claims alleging noncompliance with open source license terms or infringement or misappropriation of proprietary software. These claims could result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license or remove the open source software. In addition, if the license terms for open source software that we use change, we may be forced to re-engineer our solutions, incur additional costs, or discontinue the sale of certain of our offerings if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis. Although we monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our offerings to unintended conditions, there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our offerings. We cannot guarantee that we have incorporated open source software in our proprietary software in a manner that will not subject us to liability or in a manner that is consistent with our current policies and procedures. 
 
 18 

Compliance-Related Risks 
 
 Government regulation of the Internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the Internet or other online services. These regulations and laws may cover taxation, restrictions on imports and exports, customs, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, the provision of online payment services, broadband residential Internet access and the characteristics and quality of the types of custom parts we manufacture or may manufacture in the future. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property use and ownership, sales and other taxes, fraud, libel and personal privacy apply to the Internet and e-commerce, especially where these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet and do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the Internet or e-commerce. Those laws that do reference the Internet are being interpreted by the courts and their applicability and reach are therefore uncertain. The costs of compliance with these regulations may increase in the future as a result of changes in the regulations or the interpretation of them. Further, any failures on our part to comply with these regulations may subject us to significant liabilities. Those current and future laws and regulations or unfavorable resolution of these issues may substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 Aspects of our business are subject to privacy, data use and data security regulations, which may impact the way we use data to target customers. 
 
 Privacy and security laws and regulations may limit the use and disclosure of certain information and require us to adopt certain cybersecurity and data handling practices that may affect our ability to effectively market our manufacturing capabilities to current, past or prospective customers. In many jurisdictions consumers must be notified in the event of a data security breach, and such notification requirements continue to increase in scope and cost. The changing privacy laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere, including the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in the European Union, which became effective May 25, 2018, and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, which was enacted on June 28, 2018 and became effective on January 1, 2020, create new individual privacy rights and impose increased obligations, including disclosure obligations, on companies handling personal data. The impact of these continuously evolving laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the way we use data to digitally market and pursue our customers. 
 
 Our business involves the use of hazardous materials, and we and our suppliers must comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we do business. 
 
 Our business involves the controlled storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials. We and our suppliers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by us and our suppliers for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of an accident, federal, state or local authorities may curtail our use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. We do not currently maintain hazardous materials insurance coverage. If we are subject to any liability as a result of activities involving hazardous materials, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected and our reputation and brands may be harmed. 
 
 If we are unable to meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes for the parts we manufacture, our business, financial condition or operating results could be harmed. 
 
 As a manufacturer of CNC-machined and injection-molded custom parts, we conform to certain international standards, including International Organization for Standardization ISO ), 9001:2015 for our injection molding facilities and the AS9100:2016 standard for our CNC-machining facilities in Hartland, WI, Pflugerville, TX, Tempe, AZ, Newark, NY. We conform to the ISO 9001:2015 standard for our plastics manufacturing and the AS9100:2016 standard for our metals manufacturing in Hartland, WI, Pflugerville, TX, Tempe, AZ, and Newark, NY. We conform to the ISO 9001:2015 for our sheet metal custom parts and the AS9100:2016 standards for our CNC-machined custom parts in Hartland, WI, Pflugerville, TX, Tempe, AZ, and Newark, NY. We also conform to international standard ISO 9001:2015 at our manufacturing facilities in Hartland, WI, Newark, NY, Pflugerville, TX, Denver, CO, Round Rock, TX, Tempe, AZ, Miami Lakes, FL, and Elk Grove, IL. We conform to the NIST800-171 standard at our facilities in Oakland, CA and Tempe, AZ. We conform to the ITAR standard at our facilities in Hartland, WI, Ithaca, NY, Denver, CO, Tempe, AZ, and Newark, NY. Additionally, we conform to international standard ISO 13485 at our manufacturing facilities in Round Rock, TX and Miami Lakes, FL. If any system inspection reveals that we are not in compliance with applicable standards, regulators may take action against us, including issuing a corrective action request or discontinuing our certifications. If any of these actions were to occur, it could harm our reputation as well as our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 19 

We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations related to our operations and the use of our digital manufacturing systems and consumable materials, which could subject us to compliance costs and/or potential liability in the event of non-compliance. 
 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations governing our manufacturing operations, including, but not limited to, emissions into the air and water and the use, handling, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances. A certain risk of environmental liability is inherent in our production activities. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, the generation, use, storage, registration, handling and disposal of chemicals and waste materials, the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air or water, the cleanup of contaminated sites, including any contamination that results from spills due to our failure to properly dispose of chemicals and other waste materials, and the health and safety of our employees. Under these laws, regulations and requirements, we could also be subject to liability for improper disposal of chemicals and waste materials. Accidents or other incidents that occur at our facilities or involve our personnel or operations could result in claims for damages against us. In the event we are found to be financially responsible, as a result of environmental or other laws or by court order, for environmental damages alleged to have been caused by us or occurring on our premises, we could be required to pay substantial monetary damages or undertake extensive remedial obligations. If our operations fail to comply with such laws or regulations, we may be subject to fines and other civil, administrative or criminal sanctions, including the revocation of permits and licenses necessary to continue our business activities. In addition, we may be required to pay damages or civil judgments in respect of third-party claims, including those relating to personal injury (including exposure to hazardous substances that we generate, use, store, handle, transport, manufacture or dispose of), property damage or contribution claims. Some environmental laws allow for strict and joint and several liabilities for remediation costs, regardless of fault. We may be identified as a potentially responsible party under such laws. The amount of any costs, including fines or damages payments that we might incur under such circumstances, could substantially exceed any insurance we have to cover such losses. Any of these events, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could adversely affect our reputation. 
 
 The cost of complying with current and future environmental, health and safety laws applicable to our operations, or the liabilities arising from past releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances, may result in future expenditures. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to anti-corruption laws, trade controls, economic sanctions and similar laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us to civil, criminal, and administrative penalties and harm our reputation. 
 
 We service customers located in a number of countries. Doing business with foreign customers subjects us to U.S. and other anti-corruption laws and regulations imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over such commerce with foreign customers, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, as well as the laws of the countries where we do business. Failure to comply with these anti-corruption laws and regulations could subject us to civil, criminal, and administrative penalties and harm our reputation. We are also subject to various U.S., international, and regional trade laws, including trade and economic sanctions and export controls, imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our commerce with foreign customers. We are also subject to embargoes, sanctions, and trade and export controls imposed by the U.S. and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to or transactions with specific persons or jurisdictions or the provision of certain items, based on their classification, to certain jurisdictions or persons or for certain end use purposes. Failure to comply with these embargoes, sanctions, and trade and export controls could subject us to civil, criminal, and administrative penalties and harm our reputation. These embargoes, sanctions, and trade and export controls can change rapidly with little to no notice, and therefore, our current and future offerings could become subject to heightened restrictions, which could increase our compliance costs and our risks of potential non-compliance in these areas. 
 
 Risks of Being a Public Company 
 
 Our management team has limited experience managing a public company. 
 
 Most members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage being a public company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 20 

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect its ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
 
 As a public company listed in the U.S., we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and any rules promulgated thereunder, as well as the rules of The New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). The requirements of these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly, and increase demand on its systems and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls for financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight will be required and, as a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns. These rules and regulations can also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified independent members of our board of directors. Additionally, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. We may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. The increased costs of compliance with public company reporting requirements and our potential failure to satisfy these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, resulting from pervasive control deficiencies in our process level controls. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in our failure to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 
 We are required to comply with the SEC rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our controls over financial reporting. Although we are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis, we were not required to make our first annual assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. This assessment includes disclosure of certain material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, following the later of the date we are deemed to be an accelerated filer or a large accelerated filer, each as defined in the Exchange Act, or the date we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act. 
 
 As previously disclosed in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC during 2022, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. During 2022 we implemented remediation measures related to the previously disclosed material weaknesses and concluded that these have been remediated. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, based on the Company s implementation of a structured internal controls design and testing process during 2022, we have identified material weaknesses in certain components of the 2013 COSO framework, including the control environment and control activities. 
 
 A comprehensive system of formal policies, procedures and controls has not been fully designed or implemented to ensure appropriate document retention and achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures. 

Management determined that the Company has design deficiencies over revenue and expenditures, specifically around (i) customer and supplier onboarding; (ii) document retention; and (iii) a lack of evidence to support control performance. Management determined that the collective ineffective controls over revenue and expenditures constitute a material weakness. 

Management determined that the Company did not maintain effective controls over the completeness, existence, accuracy, and presentation and disclosure of the accounting for income taxes and related liabilities, including (i) quarterly and year-end income tax provision and reporting; (ii) significant transactions and business events; (iii) uncertain tax positions; (iv) the Tax Receivable Agreement liability valuation derived from our Up-C tax structure; (v) and tax related disclosures. Management determined that the ineffective controls over income tax accounting constitute a material weakness. 

21 

Management determined that the Company has design deficiencies over the completeness, accuracy, existence, and presentation and disclosure of inventory. Specifically, we did not maintain effective controls related to (i) validation of the inventory costing; (ii) verification of inventory existence on a timely basis; and (iii) reconciliation of inventory accounts. Management determined that the ineffective controls over inventory accounting constitute a material weakness. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 The Company has a remediation plan for the identified material weaknesses that will dedicate resources and priority to accounting and finance reporting controls over revenue, expenditures, income taxes, and inventory. 
 
 The remediation actions are subject to ongoing senior management review, as well as Audit Committee oversight. The Company will not be able to conclude whether the steps to be taken will fully remediate the material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting until remediation efforts are completed, tested, and evaluated for effectiveness. Until these weaknesses are remediated, the Company plans to continue to perform additional analyses and other mitigating procedures to ensure that the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 The CORE Investors have substantial influence over our management and policies, and their interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 
 CORE Industrial Partners Fund I, L.P. and CORE Industrial Partners Fund I Parallel, L.P. (the CORE Investors beneficially own approximately 63.1 of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, which generally vote together as a single class on matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including the election of directors. As a result, the CORE Investors have the ability to influence our business and affairs through their ability to control matters generally submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, negative control rights through their ownership of our common stock combined with certain supermajority voting provisions of our certificate of incorporation (our Charter and amended and restated bylaws (our Bylaws ), and the provisions in the Investor Rights Agreement described below. If the other holders of our Class A common stock are dissatisfied with the performance of our board of directors, they have no ability to remove any of our directors, unless for cause and then only upon the affirmative vote of holders of 66-2 3 of our outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock, voting as a single class. 
 
 In addition, in connection with the Business Combination, we entered into the Investor Rights Agreement with the CORE Investors which provides for an initial ten-person board of directors, consisting of nine individuals designated by the CORE Investors, and one independent director mutually agreed by the CORE Investors and Altimar Sponsor II, LLC (the Sponsor ). The CORE Investors have certain continued nomination rights for a number of directors ranging from the majority of the board of directors to one director, while they beneficially own shares of common stock in excess of certain ownership percentage of the amount owned by the CORE Investors at the closing of the Business Combination Closing ), as determined in accordance with the Investor Rights Agreement. In addition, for so long as the CORE Investors beneficially own shares of common stock representing at least 5 of the amount owned by the CORE Investors at Closing, the CORE Investors will have the right to designate a person to attend meetings of our board (including any meetings of any committees thereof) in a non-voting observer capacity. See Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence Investor Rights Agreement in our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which is expected to be filed with the SEC on or before May 1, 2023, for more details with respect to the Investor Rights Agreement. 
 
 The CORE Investors and their affiliates engage and will continue to engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in the manufacturing and industrial industries generally, and engage and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which we are engaged or may engage in, directly or indirectly. In the ordinary course of their business activities, the CORE Investors and their affiliates may engage in activities in which their interests conflict with our interests or those of our other shareholders, such as investing in or advising businesses that directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business or are suppliers or partners of ours. Our Charter provides that none of the CORE Investors, any of their affiliates or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his director and officer capacities) or its affiliates will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. The CORE Investors and their affiliates also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, the CORE Investors and their affiliates may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 
 22 

Because we are a controlled company for purposes of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, our stockholders will not have, and may never have, the protections that these corporate governance requirements are intended to provide. 
 
 Because we are a controlled company for purposes of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, we are not required to comply with the provisions requiring that a majority of our directors be independent, the compensation of our executives be determined by independent directors or nominees for election to our board of directors be selected by independent directors. If we choose to take advantage of any or all of these exemptions, our stockholders may not have the protections that these rules are intended to provide. 
 
 Under SEC Rules, we are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and the reduced SEC disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we may follow reduced disclosure requirements and do not have to make all of the disclosures that public companies that are not emerging growth companies do. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more (as adjusted for inflation); (b) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of the initial public offering of Fathom; (c) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (d) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include: 

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and 

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote of stockholders on executive compensation, stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved and having to disclose the ratio of the compensation of our chief executive officer to the median compensation of our employees. 

In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards; and as a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates for any such new or revised accounting standards. 
 
 We may choose to take advantage of some, but not all, of the available exemptions for emerging growth companies. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our share price may be more volatile. 
 
 In order to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we have hired, and may need to hire additional qualified accounting and financial personnel with appropriate public company experience. 
 
 As a public company, we must establish and maintain effective disclosure and financial controls and make changes in our corporate governance practices. We have hired and may need to hire additional accounting and financial personnel with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. It may be difficult to retain such personnel, or to recruit additional qualified personnel if needed. Our existing operating expenses and operations will be impacted by the direct costs of our employment of additional accounting and financial personnel and the indirect consequences related to the diversion of management resources from research and development efforts. 
 
 23 

The Company may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 
 Following the Business Combination, the per share price of our Class A common stock or the price per Warrant has been volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities litigation, including class action litigation. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject the Company to significant liabilities. 
 
 Because we became a publicly traded company by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, the Company s stockholders may face additional risks and uncertainties. 
 
 Because we became a publicly traded company by means of consummating the Business Combination rather than by means of a traditional underwritten initial public offering, there was no independent third-party underwriter selling the shares of the Company s Class A common stock or warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock the Warrants ), and, accordingly, the Company s stockholders do not have the benefit of an independent review and investigation of the type normally performed by an unaffiliated, independent underwriter in a public securities offering. Due diligence reviews typically include an independent investigation of the background of the company, any advisors and their respective affiliates, review of the offering documents and independent analysis of the plan of business and any underlying financial assumptions. Although Altimar II performed a due diligence review and investigation of Fathom in connection with the Business Combination, the lack of an independent due diligence review and investigation in connection with that process increases the risk of investment in the Company because Altimar II s due diligence review and investigation may not have uncovered facts that would be important to a potential investor. 
 
 In addition, because the Company did not become a publicly traded company by means of a traditional underwritten initial public offering, security or industry analysts may not provide, or be less likely to provide, coverage of the Company. Investment banks may also be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on behalf of the Company than they might otherwise be if the Company became a publicly traded company by means of a traditional underwritten initial public offering because they may be less familiar with the Company as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media. The failure to receive research coverage or support in the market for the Company s Class A common stock could have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to develop a liquid market for the Company s Class A common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to our Structure and Governance 
 
 Delaware law, our Charter and our Bylaws contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions, which limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 
 Our Charter and the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors and therefore depress the trading price of Fathom s Class A common stock. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our board of directors or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in management. Among other things, our Charter and Bylaws include provisions regarding: 

a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board; 

the ability of our board to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank check preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, Fathom s directors and officers; 

the right of our board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board; 

the requirement that directors may only be removed from our board for cause; 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our board or the chairman of our board, which could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of our board and stockholder meetings; 

the ability of our board to amend the Bylaws, which may allow our board to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the Bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 

24 

advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in the composition of our board and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 

These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our board or management. 
 
 In addition, as a Delaware corporation, Fathom generally is subject to provisions of Delaware law, including the DGCL, although Fathom has elected not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. 
 
 Any provision of our Charter, our Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of Fathom s capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for Fathom s common stock. 
 
 In addition, the provisions of the Investor Rights Agreement, as described herein, provide the stockholders party thereto with certain board representation and other consent rights that could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 
 
 Our Charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by Fathom s stockholders, which could limit Fathom s stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with Fathom or its directors, officers or other employees. 
 
 The Charter provides that, unless Fathom consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Fathom, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee, agent or stockholder of Fathom to Fathom or Fathom s stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting such alleged breach, (c) any action asserting a claim against Fathom or any current or former director, officer, other employee, agent or stockholder of Fathom (i) arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Charter (as it may be amended or restated) or our Bylaws or (ii) as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Delaware Court of Chancery or (d) any action asserting a claim against Fathom or any current or former director, officer, other employee, agent or stockholder of Fathom governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, as to any action in the foregoing clauses (a) through (d), to the fullest extent permitted by law, be solely and exclusively brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to any claim arising under federal securities laws, including the Securities Act as to which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Article XI of our Charter will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Further, Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by that act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this forum selection provision as written as to claims arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 This choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with Fathom or its directors, officers, stockholders, agents, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Charter inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, Fathom may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect Fathom s business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of Fathom s management and board of directors. 
 
 Our Charter does not limit the ability of the CORE Investors to compete with us. 
 
 The CORE Investors and their affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in the financial services and technology industries. In the ordinary course of their business activities, the CORE Investors and their affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with Fathom s interests or those of its stockholders. Our Charter provides that none of the CORE Investors, any of their affiliates or any director who is not employed by Fathom (including any non-employee director who serves as one of its officers in both his director and officer capacities) or its affiliates will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which Fathom operates. The CORE Investors and their affiliates also may pursue, in their capacities other than as directors of Fathom, acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to Fathom s business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to Fathom. In addition, the CORE Investors may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 
 25 

We are a holding company and our only material asset is our interest in Fathom OpCo, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions made by Fathom OpCo to pay dividends, taxes, and other expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement TRA ). 
 
 We are a holding company with no material assets other than our Class A common units in Fathom OpCo New Fathom Units which correspond on a one-to-one basis with the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock. As a result, Fathom has no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. Our ability to pay taxes, and other expenses, including payments under the TRA, described in Note 21 - Income Taxes within our consolidated financial statements, will depend on the financial results and cash flows of Fathom OpCo and its subsidiaries and the distributions we receive from Fathom OpCo. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings, or cash flow of Fathom OpCo and its subsidiaries for any reason could limit or impair Fathom OpCo s ability to pay such distributions. Additionally, to the extent that we need funds and Fathom OpCo and/or its subsidiaries are restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of any financing arrangements, or Fathom OpCo and/or its subsidiaries are otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially adversely affect Fathom s liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 Subject to the discussion below, Fathom OpCo will continue to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income will be allocated to holders of New Fathom Units. Accordingly, we will be required to pay income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of Fathom OpCo. Under the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Fathom Holdco, LLC, dated as of December 23, 2021 (the Fathom Operating Agreement ), Fathom OpCo is obligated to make tax distributions to holders of the New Fathom Units (including us) calculated at certain assumed tax rates. In addition to tax expenses, we will also incur expenses related to our operations, including our payment obligations under the TRA, which likely will be significant, and some of which will be reimbursed by Fathom OpCo (excluding payment obligations under the TRA). We intend to cause Fathom OpCo to make ordinary distributions and tax distributions to holders of New Fathom Units on a pro rata basis in amounts sufficient to cover all applicable taxes, relevant operating expenses, payments by us under the TRA and dividends, if any, declared by us. However, as discussed above, Fathom OpCo s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions including, but not limited to, retention of amounts necessary to satisfy the obligations of Fathom OpCo and its subsidiaries and restrictions on distributions that would violate any applicable restrictions contained in Fathom OpCo s or its subsidiaries debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering Fathom OpCo or a subsidiary insolvent. To the extent that Fathom is unable to make payments under the TRA for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments under the TRA, which could be substantial. 
 
 Additionally, although Fathom OpCo and its subsidiaries generally will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax, they may be liable for audit adjustments to prior year tax returns, absent an election to the contrary. In the event Fathom OpCo s calculations of taxable income are incorrect, Fathom OpCo, its subsidiaries and/or their respective owners, including us, in later years may be subject to material liabilities as a result of such audits. 
 
 If Fathom OpCo were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax or state tax purposes, then the amount available for distribution by Fathom OpCo could be substantially reduced and the value of our common stock will likely be adversely affected. 
 
 An entity that would otherwise be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes (such as Fathom OpCo) may nonetheless be treated as, and taxable as, a corporation if it is a publicly traded partnership unless an exception to such treatment applies. An entity that would otherwise be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be treated as a publicly traded partnership if interests in such entity are traded on an established securities market or interests in such entity are readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. If Fathom OpCo were determined to be treated as a publicly traded partnership (and taxable as a corporation) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Fathom OpCo would be taxable on its income at the U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to corporations and distributions by Fathom OpCo to its partners (including Fathom) could be taxable as dividends to such partners to the extent of the earnings and profits of Fathom OpCo. In addition, we would no longer have the benefit of increases in the tax basis of Fathom OpCo s assets as a result of exchanges of New Fathom Units for shares of Fathom Class A common stock. Pursuant to the Fathom Operating Agreement, the Exchange TRA Parties (as defined in the TRA) may, from time to time, subject to the terms of the Fathom Operating Agreement, exchange their interests in Fathom OpCo and have such interests redeemed by Fathom OpCo for cash or Fathom stock. While such exchanges could be treated as trading in the interests of Fathom OpCo for purposes of testing publicly traded partnership status, the Fathom Operating Agreement requires us to impose restrictions on exchanges that we determine to be necessary or advisable so that Fathom OpCo is not treated as a publicly traded partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, while such position is not free from doubt, Fathom OpCo is expected to be operated such that it is not treated as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and we intend to take the position that Fathom OpCo is not so treated as a result of exchanges of its interests pursuant to the Fathom Operating Agreement. 
 
 26 

Pursuant to the TRA, we will be required to make payments to Blocker TRA Parties and Exchange TRA Parties (each as defined in the Tax Receivable Agreement) for certain tax benefits we may claim and those payments will likely be substantial. 
 
 The Exchange TRA Parties (as defined in the TRA) may in the future exchange their New Fathom Units, together with the cancellation of an equal number of shares of Class B common stock, for shares of Fathom Class A common stock, or cash pursuant to the Fathom Operating Agreement. Such transactions are expected to result in increases in our allocable share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Fathom OpCo and its subsidiaries. These increases in tax basis may increase (for income tax purposes) depreciation and amortization deductions and therefore reduce the amount of income or franchise tax that Fathom would otherwise be required to pay in the future had such sales and exchanges never occurred. Additionally, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, we acquired the Blockers (as defined in the TRA) from the Blocker TRA Parties (as defined in the TRA). Certain tax assets and attributes of the Blockers may be available to reduce the amount of income or franchise tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future had we not acquired the Blockers. 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we entered into the TRA, which generally provides for the payment by it of 85 of the net cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local, income and franchise tax (computed using certain assumptions to address the impact of state and local taxes) that it actually realizes (or in certain cases is deemed to realize) as a result of tax basis in certain assets and other tax attributes of the Blockers and of Fathom at the time of the Business Combination (including as a result of any cash payments made to Fathom OpCo in exchange for New Fathom Units pursuant to the Business Combination), any increases in tax basis and other tax benefits related to the payment of cash consideration pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and any increases in tax basis and other tax benefits resulting from any exchange of New Fathom Units for shares of Class A common stock or cash in the future and tax benefits related to entering into and making payments under the TRA. We will retain the benefit of the remaining 15 of such tax savings. 
 
 Payments under the TRA are our obligation not Fathom OpCo s. The actual increase in our allocable share of Fathom OpCo s tax basis in its assets, as well as estimating the amount and timing of any payments due to the TRA Parties based on future exchanges under the TRA, is by its nature, imprecise. For purposes of the TRA, savings in tax generally are calculated by comparing Fathom s actual tax liability (determined by using the actual applicable U.S. federal income tax rate and assumed combined state and local income tax rate) to the amount that Fathom would have been required to pay had it not been able to utilize any of the tax benefits subject to the TRA. The amounts payable, as well as the timing of any payments under the TRA will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the market price of the Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable, the depreciation and amortization periods that will apply to any increases in tax basis, the U.S. federal income tax rate then applicable, and the amount and timing of the recognition of Fathom s income. While many of the factors that will determine the amount of payments that we will make under the TRA are outside of its control, we expect that the payments it will make under the TRA will be substantial. At this time, we estimate that the total amount of future tax benefit payments anticipated to be made in the future as a result of the tax basis of Fathom as of December 31, 2022 will be 35.2 million. The amount of these payments is based upon the assumptions that (i) there are no changes in future income tax rates or tax laws, (ii) Fathom is able to fully utilize tax attributes arising in connection with the Business Combination in future tax periods, and (iii) there is no acceleration of amounts due under the TRA on account of early termination. 
 
 Any payments made by us under the TRA will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the TRA for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; however, nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the TRA and therefore accelerate payments due under the TRA, as further described below. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments under the TRA could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be realized or deemed realized under the TRA. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Tax Receivable Agreement. in our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which is expected to be filed with the SEC on or before May 1, 2023. 
 
 27 

In certain cases, payments under the TRA may exceed the actual tax benefits Fathom realizes or be accelerated. 
 
 Payments under the TRA will be based on the tax reporting positions that Fathom determines under the procedures and assumptions set forth in the TRA, and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS or another taxing authority may challenge all or any part of the tax basis increases, as well as other tax positions that Fathom takes, and a court may sustain such a challenge. In the event that any tax benefits initially claimed by Fathom are disallowed, the Exchange TRA Parties and the Blocker TRA Parties (each as defined in the TRA) will not be required to reimburse Fathom for any excess payments that may previously have been made under the TRA, for example, due to adjustments resulting from examinations by taxing authorities. Rather, excess payments made to such holders will be netted against any future cash payments otherwise required to be made by Fathom under the TRA, if any, after the determination of such excess. However, a challenge to any tax benefits initially claimed by Fathom may not arise for a number of years following the initial time of such payment or, even if challenged early, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that Fathom might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the TRA and, as a result, there might not be future cash payments against which to net. Actual tax benefits realized by Fathom may differ from tax benefits calculated under the TRA as a result of the use of certain assumptions in the TRA, including the use of an assumed weighted-average state and local income tax rate to calculate tax benefits. As a result, in certain circumstances Fathom could make payments under the TRA in excess of Fathom s actual income or franchise tax savings, which could materially impair Fathom s financial condition. 
 
 Moreover, the TRA provides that, in certain events, including a change of control, breach of a material obligation under the TRA, or Fathom s exercise of early termination rights, Fathom s obligations under the TRA will accelerate and Fathom will be required to make a lump-sum cash payment to the Exchange TRA Parties and the Blocker TRA Parties and other applicable parties to the TRA equal to the present value of all forecasted future payments that would have otherwise been made under the TRA, which lump-sum payment would be based on certain assumptions, including those relating to Fathom s future taxable income. The lump-sum payment would likely be substantial and could exceed the actual tax benefits that Fathom realizes subsequent to such payment because such payment would be calculated assuming, among other things, that Fathom would have certain tax benefits available to it and that Fathom would be able to use the potential tax benefits in future years. Assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law, we expect that if we experienced a change of control or the TRA had been terminated at December 31, 2022, the estimated lump-sum payment would be approximately 43.8 million (calculated using a discount rate equal to a per annum rate of LIBOR plus 100 basis points, applied against an undiscounted liability of approximately 78.9 million). 
 
 There may be a material negative effect on Fathom s liquidity if the payments required to be made by Fathom under the TRA exceed the actual income or franchise tax savings that Fathom realizes. Furthermore, Fathom s obligations to make payments under the TRA could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. 
 
 Fathom OpCo may directly or indirectly make distributions of cash to us substantially in excess of the amounts we use to make distributions to our stockholders and pay our expenses (including our taxes and payments by Fathom under the TRA). To the extent we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends to our shareholders, the direct or indirect holders of New Fathom Units would benefit from any value attributable to such cash as a result of their ownership of our stock upon an exchange of their New Fathom Units. 
 
 We are entitled to receive a pro rata portion of any distributions made by Fathom OpCo. Any cash received from such distributions will first be used to satisfy any tax liability and then to make any payments required to be made by Fathom under the TRA. Subject to having available cash and subject to limitations imposed by applicable law and contractual restrictions, the Fathom Operating Agreement requires Fathom OpCo to make certain distributions to holders of New Fathom Units (including Fathom) pro rata to facilitate the payment of taxes with respect to the income of Fathom OpCo that is allocated to them. To the extent that the tax distributions we directly or indirectly receive exceed the amounts we actually require to pay taxes, TRA payments and other expenses (which is likely to be the case given that the assumed tax rate for such distributions will generally exceed our effective tax rate), we will not be required to distribute such excess cash. Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, choose to use such excess cash for certain purposes, including to make distributions to the holders of our stock. Unless and until our board of directors chooses, in its sole discretion, to declare a distribution, we will have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our stockholders. 
 
 No adjustments to the exchange ratio of New Fathom Units for shares of our common stock will be made as a result of either (i) any cash distribution by us or (ii) any cash that we retain and do not distribute to our stockholders. To the extent we do not distribute such cash as dividends and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or use such cash for certain other purposes, this may result in shares of our stock increasing in value relative to the New Fathom Units. The holders of New Fathom Units may benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances if they acquire shares of our stock in an exchange of New Fathom Units. 
 
 28 

We may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of the Warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant could be decreased, all without approval of each Warrant affected. 
 
 Our Warrants were issued in registered form under a Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as Warrant Agent, and us. The Warrants collectively consist of (i) 9,900,000 warrants to purchase one of Altimar II's Class A ordinary shares acquired by the Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the Altimar II IPO (the Private Placement Warrants and (ii) 8,625,000 warrants issued in the Altimar II IPO, entitling the holder thereof to purchase one of Altimar II's Class A ordinary shares (the Public Warrants and, collectively with the Private Placement Warrants, the Warrants ). Upon closing of the Business Combination, the shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants became shares of Fathom's Class A common stock. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, convert the Warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock, as applicable, purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant. 
 
 We may redeem unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to holders of Warrants, thereby making such Warrants worthless. 
 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Warrant, provided that the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on each of 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of such redemption is given. We will not redeem the Warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A common stock, issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock, is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force holders thereof to (i) exercise Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for such holders to do so, (ii) sell Warrants at the then-current market price when such holders might otherwise wish to hold Warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of such Warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 
 
 In addition, we may redeem Warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the Warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case holders thereof would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had such Warrants remained outstanding. 
 
 We will receive up to an aggregate of approximately 213.0 million from the exercise of the Warrants, assuming the exercise in full of all 18,525,000 Warrants for cash. We will have broad discretion over the use of proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants. We expect to use the net proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants, if any, for general corporate purposes. There is no assurance that the holders of the Warrants will elect to exercise any or all of such Warrants. To the extent that the Warrants are exercised on a cashless basis, the amount of cash we would receive from the exercise of the Warrants will decrease. 
 
 The volatility in our stock price directly impacts the valuation of our Warrants, and the earnout shares and could increase the volatility in our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 The change in fair value of our Warrants and earnout shares is the result of changes in the price of our Class A common stock at each reporting period. The change in fair value of Warrants, Fathom earnout share liabilities, and Sponsor earnout share liabilities represents the mark-to-market fair value adjustments of these instruments in connection with the Business Combination. Significant changes in our stock price may adversely affect our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 29 

Risks Relating to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to remain in compliance with the continued listing standards of the NYSE. 
 
 On March 29, 2023, we were notified by the NYSE that the average closing price of our Class A common stock over a prior 30 consecutive trading day period was below 1.00 per share, which is the minimum average closing price per share required to maintain listing on the NYSE under Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 802.01C ). Under Section 802.01C, we have a period of six months following the receipt of this notice to regain compliance with the minimum share price requirement, or until our next annual meeting of stockholders if stockholder approval is required to cure the share price non-compliance, as would be the case to effectuate a reverse stock split. We can regain compliance at any time during the six-month cure period if on the last trading day of any calendar month during the cure period, the Common Stock has (i) a closing price of at least 1.00 per share and (ii) an average closing price of at least 1.00 per share over the 30-trading day period ending on the last trading day of such month. As required by the NYSE, we intend to timely respond to the NYSE with respect to our intent to cure the deficiency to regain compliance with the price criteria. We cannot assure you that we will be able to regain compliance with the NYSE s share price criteria. 
 
 In addition, our common stock could also be delisted if (i) our average market capitalization over a consecutive 30 trading-day period is less than 15 million, or (ii) our common stock trades at an abnormally low price. In either case, our common stock would be suspended from trading on the NYSE immediately, and the NYSE would begin the process to delist our common stock, subject to our right to appeal under NYSE rules. Additionally, the NYSE considers a listed company to be out of compliance with its continued listing standards if the company s average global market capitalization over a 30 consecutive trading-day period is less than 50.0 million and, at the same time, the company s stockholders equity is less than 50.0 million. If the company does not regain compliance within a cure period up to a maximum of 18 months, it will be subject to delisting. If any of these were to occur, there is no assurance that any appeal we undertake in these or other circumstances would be successful, nor is there any assurance that we will remain in compliance with the other NYSE continued listing standards. 
 
 If we fail to satisfy the NYSE s continued listing standards, our common stock will be subject to delisting. Delisting from the NYSE would likely have a negative effect on the liquidity and market price of our common stock, reduce the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common stock, limit or reduce the amount of analyst coverage we receive, and impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In addition, a delisting from the NYSE might negatively impact our reputation and, as a consequence, our business. Additionally, if we were delisted from the NYSE and we are not able to list our common stock on another national exchange we will not be eligible to use Form S-3 registration statements, which would delay our ability to raise funds in the future, limit the type of offerings of common stock we could undertake, and increase the expenses of any offering. 
 
 In the event of a delisting of our common stock, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our securities to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the NYSE minimum share price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with the NYSE s listing standards. Additionally, if our common stock is not listed on, or becomes delisted from, the NYSE for any reason, and is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our common stock may be more limited than if we were quoted or listed on the NYSE or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your common stock unless a market can be established or sustained. 
 
 Our operating results and financial condition may fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis. 
 
 Our operating results and financial condition fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and are likely to continue to vary due to a number of factors, many of which are not within our control. Both our business and the digital manufacturing industry are changing and evolving rapidly, and our historical operating results may not be useful in predicting our future operating results. If our operating results do not meet the guidance that we provide to the marketplace or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock will likely decline. Fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition may be due to a number of factors, including: 
 the degree of market acceptance of digital manufacturing and, specifically, our services; 

our ability to compete with competitors and new entrants into our markets; 

the mix of offerings that we sell during any period; 

the timing of our sales and deliveries of our offerings to customers; 

the geographic distribution of our sales; 

changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors, including our response to price competition; 

30 

changes in the amount that we spend to develop and manufacture new technologies; 

changes in the amounts that we spend to promote our services; 

expenses and/or liabilities resulting from litigation; 

delays between our expenditures to develop and market new or enhanced solutions and the generation of revenue from those solutions; 

unforeseen liabilities or difficulties in integrating our acquisitions or newly acquired businesses; 

disruptions to our information technology systems; 

general economic and industry conditions that affect customer demand; 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our customers, suppliers, manufacturers, and operations; and 

changes in accounting rules and tax laws. 

In addition, our revenues and operating results may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year due to our sales cycle and seasonality among our customers. Generally, our digital manufacturing solutions are subject to the adoption and capital expenditure cycles of our customers. Additionally, for our more complex solutions, which may require additional facilities investment, potential customers may spend a substantial amount of time performing internal assessments prior to making a purchase decision. This may cause us to devote significant effort in advance of a potential sale without any guarantee of receiving any related revenues. As a result, revenues and operating results for future periods are difficult to predict with any significant degree of certainty, which could lead to adverse effects on our inventory levels and overall financial condition. 
 
 Due to the foregoing factors, and the other risks discussed in this Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report, you should not rely on quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year comparisons of our operating results as an indicator of our future performance. 
 
 Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. 
 
 You may lose some or all of your investment. The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. The stock market recently has experienced extreme volatility. This volatility often has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. You may not be able to resell your shares at an attractive price due to a number of factors such as those described in this Risk Factors section and the following: 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition and the results of operations; 

our operating and financial performance and prospects; 

our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry compared to market expectations; 

conditions that impact demand for our services; 

future announcements concerning our business, our customers businesses, or our competitors businesses; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

the market s reaction to our reduced disclosure and other requirements as a result of being an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act or a smaller reporting company under SEC rules; 

the size of our public float; 

coverage by or changes in financial estimates by securities or industry analysts or failure to meet their expectations; 

market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

changes in laws or regulations which adversely affect the manufacturing industry generally or the digital manufacturing industry or Fathom specifically; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 

changes in our senior management or key personnel; 

issuances, exchanges, or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges, or sales of our capital stock; 

changes in our dividend policy; 

31 

adverse resolution of new or pending litigation against us; and 

changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the U.S. and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from government policies, interest rate changes, pandemics, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of war or other military conflicts, and responses to such events. 

Furthermore, the trading price of our Class A common stock may be adversely affected by third parties trying to drive down the market price. Short sellers and others, some of whom post anonymously on social media, may be positioned to profit if our stock declines and their activities can negatively affect our stock price. 
 
 These broad market, industry and other factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock continues to be low. As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research or reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock depends, in part, on the research and reports that third-party securities analysts publish about us and the industry in which we operate. We may be unable or slow to attract research coverage and if one or more analysts cease coverage of us, the price and trading volume of our securities would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts that may cover us change their recommendation regarding our common stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors or publish inaccurate research or reports, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If any analyst that may cover us ceases covering us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price or trading volume of our common stock to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our common stock, or if our reporting results do not meet their expectations, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 32 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in leased office space in Hartland, Wisconsin. We currently use approximately 450,000 square feet of manufacturing capacity across 12 facilities located throughout the U.S., including Texas, Florida, Arizona, Colorado, California, Wisconsin, Minnesota, New York and Illinois. With the exception of our Minnesota and Illinois locations, which we own, all of our facilities are located in leased premises. 
 
 We believe that the facilities we currently occupy are adequate for the purposes for which they are being used and are well maintained. In general, no difficulty is anticipated in negotiating renewals as leases expire or in finding other satisfactory space if the premises become unavailable. See Note 16 Leases to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 We may from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. We are not currently subject to any pending legal (including judicial, regulatory, administrative or arbitration) proceedings that we expect to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. However, given the inherent unpredictability of these types of proceedings and the potentially large and/or indeterminate amounts that could be sought, an adverse outcome in certain matters could have a material effect on Fathom's financial results in any particular period. See Note 20 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

33 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity 
 
 Our Class A common stock and Public Warrants are currently listed on NYSE under the symbols FATH and FATH.WS , respectively. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, Altimar II s Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbols ATMR and ATMR.WS , respectively. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of April 4, 2022, there were 32 holders of record of Class A common stock and 2 holders of record of Class B common stock. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. Our Class B common stock is not registered and we do not intend to list the Class B common stock on any exchange or stock market. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We do not intend to declare or pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our management anticipates that all earnings and other cash resources, if any, will be retained for investment in our business. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 34 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation's financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation was incorporated in Delaware in December 2021. However, our roots stretch back over 35 years with the founding of several of our subsidiaries. The terms Fathom , the Company, we, us, and our as used herein refer to the business and operations of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 We are a leading national on-demand digital manufacturing platform at the forefront of the Industry 4.0 revolution. Industry 4.0 utilizes e-commerce, automation, and data sharing in a cyber-physical system to communicate and cooperate in the manufacturing process over the Internet of Things IoT ). Using our expansive manufacturing footprint and extensive expertise in both additive and traditional manufacturing, we provide comprehensive product development and on-demand manufacturing services to many of the largest and most innovative companies in the world. Our unified suite of manufacturing technologies, processes, and proprietary software enables us to deliver hybridized solutions that meet the specific needs of our customers, empowering them to tackle complex manufacturing problems and accelerate product development cycles. 
 
 Our differentiated strategy focuses on speed, problem solving, adaptive technical responsiveness, and a technology agnostic approach across our 25 plus manufacturing processes to meet customers design intent. This allows our customers to iterate faster, often shortening their product development and production cycles from months to days. 
 
 We seamlessly blend in-house capabilities consisting of plastic and metal additive technologies, injection molding and tooling, computer numerical control CNC machining, and precision sheet metal fabrication. We operate over 530 advanced manufacturing systems across 25 unique manufacturing processes and a 450,000 sq. ft. manufacturing footprint, spanning 12 facilities located primarily within the U.S. We believe we are positioned to serve the largest geographic markets in which our customers are located and enable cost effective and rapid turnaround times for our customers. Our scale and the breadth of offerings allow our customers to consolidate their supply chain and product development needs through the ability to source through a single manufacturing supplier. Fathom s manufacturing technologies and capacity are further extended through the utilization of a selected group of highly qualified suppliers that specialize in injection molding and tooling and CNC machining. 
 
 We have experienced significant growth since inception both organically and through our successful and proven acquisition playbook, which is enabled by our proprietary software platform that allows for a streamlined integration of acquired companies. Over the past three years, we have successfully completed 13 acquisitions to bolster our operations and offerings. Fathom started as Midwest Composite Technologies, LLC MCT ), a leader in prototyping and low-volume services. Founded in 1984, MCT specialized in model making, industrial design, and rapid prototyping. Today, MCT serves companies through a variety of in-house additive manufacturing technologies, including 3D printing and processing, CNC machining, injection molding, and industrial design capabilities. In September 2019, we acquired Kemeera, LLC to expand our additive, CNC machining injection molding, and development and engineering services, as well as bring urethane casting capabilities. In December 2019, we acquired ICOMold LLC ICOMold to expand our injection molding capabilities and significantly enhance our customer experience by bringing in-house an interactive, automated quotation system capable of providing feedback in 30 seconds with an intuitive, customer-facing project management portal, which we have continued to develop and enhance. Our acquisition of ICOMold also expanded our capabilities into China. In July 2020, we acquired Incodema, LLC and Newchem, LLC to expand our in-house manufacturing processes to include precision sheet metal engineering solutions, including a broad array of sheet metal cutting and forming solutions such as laser cutting, micro waterjet, specialty stamping, and photochemical etching, among others, for quick and complex, tight tolerance parts. In August 2020, we acquired GPI Prototype Manufacturing Services, LLC GPI to expand our additive manufacturing capabilities. GPI was one of the first metal additive manufacturing service providers in the U.S., bringing metallurgical expertise in-house and enabling the Company to produce metal parts with complex geometries for on-demand manufacturing applications. In December 2020, we acquired Dahlquist Machine, LLC to expand our precision machining capabilities with state-of-the-art CNC mills and lathes for high-speed precision machining of light metals, aluminum, and plastics. In December 2020, we also acquired Majestic Metals, LLC, further expanding our precision sheet metal fabrication capabilities. Further, in December 2020, we acquired Mark Two Engineering, LLC expanding our precision machining services and footprint in the medical device industry. In February 2021, we acquired Summit Tooling, Inc. and Summit Plastics LLC, further expanding our plastic injection mold manufacturing capabilities. In April 2021, we acquired Centex Machine and Welding Inc. and Laser Manufacturing, Inc. to expand our high-precision manufacturing services specializing in CNC machining and medical device manufacturing. In April 2021, we also acquired Sureshot Precision, LLC (d/b/a Micropulse West) expanding our Electrical Discharge Machine EDM services, and CNC and manual machining capabilities. Further, in April 2021, we acquired Precision Process, LLC specializing in CNC machining, engineering support, and EDM services. 
 35 

We continue to invest significantly in the enhancement and expansion of our technologies, processes, and capabilities with the aim of better serving the needs of a broader set of customers and end-markets. As a result of our efforts described above, we have developed a loyal base of approximately 2,500 customers, including many of the most innovative companies in the world. Our customers span across a diverse range of end-markets, including, but not limited to, the aerospace, defense, technology, medical, automotive, and IoT sectors. This diverse customer base has allowed for no single customer to represent more than 7.1 and 4.4 of our revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We believe the market for our on-demand digital manufacturing services across manufacturing applications is largely unsaturated as companies continue to realize the efficiency and effectiveness of our rapid quotation system and 3D CAD driven manufacturing processes. Our market is projected to grow, fueled by demand for additive manufacturing and continuation of the trend of customers increasingly outsourcing their prototyping and low-to-medium volume production needs. We believe our position as the only on-demand digital manufacturing platform purpose-built to serve the rapid prototyping and low-to-medium volume production needs of the largest and most innovative companies, coupled with our competitive strengths, will allow us to maintain and extend our market leading position. 
 
 Factors Affecting the Comparability of our Results of Operations 
 
 As a result of a number of factors, our historical results of operations are not comparable from period to period and may not be comparable to our financial results of operations in future periods. Set forth below is a brief discussion of the key factors that may impact the comparability of our results of operations in future operations. 
 
 Impact of the Business Combination 
 
 Fathom is subject to corporate level tax rates at the federal, state and local levels. Fathom OpCo was and is treated as a flow-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and as such, has generally not been subject to U.S. federal income tax at the entity level. Accordingly, other than for certain consolidated subsidiaries of the Predecessor that are structured as corporations and unless otherwise specified, the historical results of operations and other financial information presented does not include any provision for U.S. federal income tax. 
 
 Fathom pays U.S. federal and state income taxes as a corporation on its share of our taxable income. The Business Combination was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities, including any identified intangible assets, were recorded at their preliminary fair values at the date of completion of the Business Combination, with any excess of the purchase price over the preliminary fair value recorded as goodwill. The application of business combination accounting required the use of significant estimates and assumptions. 
 
 As a result of the application of accounting for the Business Combination, the historical consolidated financial statements of Fathom OpCo are not necessarily indicative of the Fathom's future results of operations, financial position and cash flows. For example, increased tangible and intangible assets resulting from adjusting the basis of tangible and intangible assets to their fair value would result in increased depreciation and amortization expense in the periods following the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement TRA with certain of our pre-Business Combination owners that provides for the payment by Fathom to such owners of 85 of the benefits that Fathom is deemed to realize as a result of the Company s share of existing tax basis acquired in the Business Combination and other tax benefits related to entering into the TRA. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with the Business Combination, we have accounted for the issuance of warrants and earnout shares as liabilities which require re-measurement to fair value at the end of each reporting period, as applicable, and adopted the Fathom 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan which will result in higher share-based compensation expenses. 
 
 Impact of Becoming a Public Company 
 
 We have incurred additional costs associated with operating as a public company, including human resources, legal, consulting, regulatory, insurance, accounting, investor relations and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules adopted by the SEC require public companies to implement specified corporate governance practices that are not applicable to a private company. These additional rules and regulations have increased our legal, regulatory and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 
 
 36 

Key Factors Affecting Our Results 
 
 Our financial position and results of operations depend to a significant extent on the following factors: 
 
 Industry Opportunity and Competitive Landscape 
 
 As discussed above, the market in which we operate is projected to grow, fueled by increased demand for additive manufacturing and continuing trends in customer outsourcing of production needs. We operate in a large, fragmented, and competitive industry, competing for customers with a range of digital manufacturers, digital manufacturing brokers, and regional design bureaus. We believe we are uniquely positioned as the only full-service outsourced solution built specifically to cater to the manufacturing needs of enterprise-level corporate customers. In particular, we believe we compare favorably to other industry participants on the basis of the following competitive factors: 

Fathom owns a wide breadth of advanced manufacturing processes, including additive 2.0 and emerging technologies; 

We have a proven track record of serving blue-chip, enterprise-level corporate customers; 

We offer our clients turnaround times in as little as 24-hours, nationwide; 

Our unified digital customer experience supplemented by with embedded support teams; 

Fathom provides the industry s only team of dedicated customer-facing engineers, unlocking the broadest parts envelope and providing customers with high-value customized parts; 

Our list of certifications validates our capabilities and precision (tight tolerances, handling of sensitive client data, etc.); 

We possess a wealth of material expertise, technical design capabilities, and engineering resources which we leverage to deliver superior customer results regardless of manufacturing process and production material; and 

Our successful and proven acquisition integration playbook for strategic growth opportunities. 

Customer Product Life Cycle and Connectivity 
 
 We believe that a number of trends affecting our industry have affected our results of operations and may continue to do so. For example, we believe that many of our target customers are facing three mega trends which are disrupting long-term product growth models including (i) increased pressure to shorten product life-cycles, (ii) manufactured parts on-demand, and (iii) expectation to deliver products that are personalized and customized to unique customer specifications. We believe we continue to be well positioned to benefit from these trends given our proprietary technology alignment with Industry 4.0 trends that enables us to automate and integrate processes involved in manufacturing custom parts. The COVID-19 pandemic has also impacted the manufacturing environment. For example, the pandemic accelerated the digitization of manufacturing as companies pivoted to a work-from-home and socially distanced manufacturing plant environment. As a result, the adoption of e-commerce was accelerated, which allows opportunity for us to provide valuable solutions to manufacturers looking to build resiliency in their supply chains through fast, on-demand manufacturers. While our business may be positively affected by these trends, our results may also be favorably or unfavorably impacted by other trends that affect product developer and engineer orders for custom parts in low volumes, including, among others, economic conditions, changes in product developer and engineer preferences or needs, developments in our industry and among our competitors, and developments in our customers industries. For a more complete discussion of the risks facing our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Manufacturing Facilities and Capacity 
 
 We believe our combined facilities are adequate for our development and production needs in the near future. Should we need to add space or transition into new facilities, we believe we have the ability to expand our footprint on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 For the purposes of this section, the period from January 1, 2021 to December 22, 2021 is the predecessor period , and the period from December 23, 2021 to December 31, 2021 is the 2021 successor period . The predecessor period and the successor period collectively are referred to as the 2021 predecessor and successor periods. Amounts appearing in the remainder of this Item 7 are in 000's. 
 
 37 

Period From 

January 1 - December 31, 2022 

December 23 - 31, 2021 (Successor) 

January 1 - December 22, 2021 (Predecessor) 

Revenue 

161,141 

4,840 

147,356 

Cost of revenue 

108,623 

2,725 

90,278 

Gross profit 

52,518 

2,115 

57,078 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general, and administrative 

49,869 

3,133 

37,507 

Depreciation and amortization 

18,179 

416 

10,357 

Restructuring 

1,897 

- 

- 

Goodwill impairment 

1,189,518 

- 

- 

Total operating expenses 

1,259,463 

3,549 

47,864 

Operating (loss) income 

(1,206,945) 

(1,434) 

9,214 

Interest expense and other (income) expense 

Interest expense 

9,015 

251 

13,063 

Other expense 

350 

308 

21,007 

Other income 

(99,160) 

(35,460) 

(5,174) 

Total interest expense and other (income) expense, net 

(89,795) 

(34,901) 

28,896 

Net (loss) income before income tax 

(1,117,150) 

33,467 

(19,682) 

Income tax benefit 

(6,662) 

(3) 

(3,208) 

Net (loss) income 

(1,110,488) 

33,470 

(16,474) 

Net loss attributable to Fathom OpCo non-controlling interest 

(621,903) 

(968) 

- 

Net (loss) income attributable to controlling interest 

(488,585) 

34,438 

- 

Comprehensive income (loss): 

(Loss) gain from foreign currency translation adjustments 

(107) 

- 

113 

Comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

(488,692) 

34,438 

(16,361) 

Revenue 
 
 Revenue was 161,141 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4,840 and 147,356, for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. The increase of 8,945, or 5.9 , was primarily driven by our 2021 acquisitions, and 1.0 organic growth. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit, or revenue less cost of revenue, was 52,518, or 32.6 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2,115 and 57,078, or 43.7 and 38.7 of revenue, for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. The 6,675, or 11.3 , decrease was primarily driven by higher material and labor costs of 6,913 and non-recurring amortization expense of 3,241 related to inventory step-up adjustments from Business Combination purchase accounting, partially offset by the overall increase in revenues of 3,479. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses were 49,869 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3,133 and 37,507 for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. The 9,229 increase in SG A expenses was driven by higher stock based compensation expense of 4,626, primarily due to the vesting of additional options and restricted stock units granted since the Business Combination, and additional third-party costs of 11,500 related to becoming a public company, including officer s director s insurance, consulting fees, audit fees, and tax fees., partially offset by decreased salary, bonuses and commissions on 5,800. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses were 18,179 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 416, and 10,357 for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. The increase of 7,406, or 68.7 , was primarily driven by a full year amortization of intangible assets related to the Business Combination. 
 
 38 

Restructuring costs of 1,897 for the year ended December 31, 2022 represents costs to consolidate our Oakland, California facility into the Hartland, Wisconsin, facility, transition our finance function to a shared-service model, and consolidated a limited number of leadership roles, as announced in our reorganization plan on July 7, 2022. There were no restructuring charges during the 2021 successor and predecessor periods. 
 
 The goodwill impairment charge of 1,189,518 for the year ended December 31, 2022, represents a write down of the carrying amount of goodwill from a decrease in the Company's fair value based upon a quantitative assessment as described in Note 8 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net to our consolidated financial statements. There was no goodwill impairment charge recorded during the 2021 successor and predecessor periods. 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 
 Operating loss was 1,206,945 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an operating loss of 1,434 for the 2021 successor period and an operating income of 9,214 for the 2021 predecessor period. The operating loss was primarily driven by the goodwill impairment charge described in Note 8 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net to our consolidated financial statements, as well as restructuring costs, additional stock compensation, higher amortization of intangible assets related to the Business Combination, and the inventory step-up adjustment from purchase accounting. 
 
 Interest Expense and Other Expense (Income) 
 
 Interest expense was 9,015 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 251 and 13,063 for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. The decrease in interest expense of 4,299, or 32.3 , is primarily due to lower debt for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the 2021 predecessor period, and lower average interest rates under the Credit Agreement as compared to the 2021 Bridge Loan. 
 
 Other expenses were 350 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 308, and 21,007 for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. The decrease in other expenses of 20,965, or 98.4 , is due to non-recurring expenses related to the acquisitions that completed in the 2021 predecessor period. 
 
 Other income was 99,160 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 35,460 and 5,174 for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. The increase in other income of 58,526, or 144.0 , represents the changes in fair value in the earnout share liabilities and the warrant liability during year ended December 31, 2022 of 66,790 and 31,120, respectively. Other income for the 2021 successor period was related to the changes in fair value in the earnout share liabilities and warrant liability of 27,260, and 8,200, respectively. Other income for the 2021 predecessor period included a change in fair value of contingent consideration and a gain on PPP loan forgiveness of 3,550 and 1,624, respectively. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We recorded a tax benefit of 6,662, 3, and 3,208 for 2022, the 2021 successor period and the 2021 predecessor period, respectively. Our income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 is driven by the federal income tax at the statutory rate of 234,709 partially offset by 130,499 for the non-controlling interest impact, and 104,768 related to non-tax deductible goodwill, which is not tax deductible following our goodwill impairment charges. During the 2021 predecessor period, certain subsidiaries of Fathom OpCo which were previously held as corporations for U.S. federal tax purposes, were reorganized into flow-through entities in non-taxable transactions. As a result, deferred tax liabilities pertaining to the corporate subsidiaries were reversed as income tax benefits during the 2021 predecessor period. During the 2021 successor period, the Company was in a small taxable loss position after accounting for permanent differences on income from the change in warrant liability, earnout share liability, and sponsor earnout liability. As we have assessed that deferred tax assets in the form of net operating losses are not more likely than not to be realized, no income tax benefit was recorded from the taxable loss position. 
 
 Non-GAAP Information 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization Adjusted EBITDA ), which are non-GAAP financial measures that we use to supplement our results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We believe Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA are useful in evaluating our operating performance, as they are similar to measures reported by our public competitors and regularly used by security analysts, institutional investors, and other interested parties in analyzing operating performance and prospects. Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA are not intended to be a substitute for any U.S. GAAP financial measure and, as calculated, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of performance of other companies in other industries or within the same industry. These non-GAAP financial measures supplement and should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of our, U.S. GAAP results. 
 
 39 

We include these non-GAAP financial measures because they are used by management to evaluate Fathom s core operating performance and trends and to make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital and new investments. Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain expenses that are required in accordance with U.S. GAAP because they are non-recurring (for example, in the case of transaction-related costs), non-cash (for example, in the case of depreciation and amortization) or are not related to our underlying business performance (for example, in the case of interest income and expense). 
 
 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) 
 
 We define and calculate Adjusted Net Income (Loss) as net loss before the impact of any increase or decrease in the estimated fair value of the Company s warrants and earnout shares as well as transaction-related costs and certain other non-cash and non-core items. 
 
 The table below presents our Adjusted Net Income (Loss) reconciled to our net income (loss), the closest U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods indicated: 

Period From 

January 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

December 23 - December 31, 2021 (Successor) 

January 1 - December 22, 2021 (Predecessor) 

Net income (loss) 

(1,110,488) 

33,470 

(16,474) 

Acquisition expenses (1) 

- 

- 

4,045 

Transaction costs (2) 

- 

- 

12,515 

Stock compensation 

7,386 

- 

- 

Inventory step-up amortization 

3,241 

- 

- 

Goodwill impairment 

1,189,518 

- 

- 

Restructuring 

1,897 

- 

- 

Change in fair value of warrant liability (3) 

(31,120) 

(8,200) 

- 

Change in fair value of earnout share liabilities (3) 

(66,790) 

(27,260) 

- 

Change in fair value of TRA liability (3) 

(600) 

300 

- 

Integration, non-recurring, non-operating, cash, and non-cash costs (4) 

4,780 

215 

10,538 

Adjusted net income (loss) 

(2,176) 

(1,475) 

10,624 

(1) Represents expenses incurred related to business acquisitions; 
 (2) Represents legal, consulting, and auditing costs associated with the Business Combination; 
 (3) Represents the income statement impacts from the change in fair value related to the Sponsor Earnout Share liability, the Fathom Earnout Share liability, the Warrant liability, and the TRA liability associated with the Business Combination. 
 (4) Represents adjustments for other integration, non-recurring, non-operating, cash, and non-cash costs related primarily to integration costs for new acquisitions, severance, and management fees paid to our principal owner during the predecessor period. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 We define and calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net losses before the impact of interest income or expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization, and further adjusted for the following items: transaction-related costs, the impact of any increase or decrease in the estimated fair value of the Company's warrants and earnout shares, and certain other non-cash and non-core items, as described in the reconciliation included below. 
 
 40 

The table below presents our Adjusted EBITDA reconciled to net income (loss), the closest U.S. GAAP measure, for the periods indicated. 

Period From 

January 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

December 23 - December 31, 2021 (Successor) 

January 1 - December 22, 2021 (Predecessor) 

Net income (loss) 

(1,110,488) 

33,470 

(16,474) 

Depreciation and amortization 

24,896 

510 

16,108 

Interest expense, net 

9,015 

251 

13,063 

Income tax benefit 

(6,662) 

(3) 

(3,208) 

Acquisition expenses (1) 

- 

- 

4,045 

Transaction costs (2) 

- 

- 

12,515 

Stock compensation 

7,386 

- 

- 

Inventory step-up amortization 

3,241 

- 

- 

Goodwill impairment 

1,189,518 

- 

- 

Restructuring 

1,897 

- 

- 

Change in fair value of Warrant liability (3) 

(31,120) 

(8,200) 

- 

Change in fair value of earnout share liabilities (3) 

(66,790) 

(27,260) 

- 

Change in fair value of TRA (3) 

(600) 

300 

- 

Loss on extinguishment of debt (4) 

- 

- 

2,031 

Contingent consideration (5) 

(148) 

- 

(3,550) 

Integration, non-recurring, non-operating, cash, and non-cash costs (6) 

4,780 

215 

10,538 

Adjusted EBITDA 

24,925 

(717) 

35,068 

(1) Represents expenses incurred related to business acquisitions; 
 (2) Represents legal, consulting, and auditing costs associated with the Business Combination. 
 (3) Represents the income statement impacts from the change in fair value related to the Sponsor Earnout Share liability, the Fathom Earnout Share liability, the Warrant liability, and the TRA liability associated with the Business Combination; 
 (4) Represents amounts paid to refinance debt in April 2021; 
 (5) Represents the change in fair value of contingent consideration payable to former owners of acquired businesses; 
 (6) Represents adjustments for other integration, non-recurring, non-operating, cash, and non-cash costs related primarily to integration costs for new acquisitions, severance, and management fees paid to our principal owner during the predecessor period. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We measure liquidity in terms of our ability to fund the cash requirements of our business operations, including working capital and capital expenditure needs, contractual obligations and other commitments, with cash flows from operations and other sources of funding. Our current working capital needs relate mainly to our growth strategies, capital equipment investments, and business development efforts, as well as compensation and benefits of our employees. In addition, under our Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below), the Company is subject to various financial covenants, including quarterly net leverage and interest coverage covenants. For the period ending December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the net interest coverage covenant. We did not meet the quarterly net leverage ratio for the period ending December 31, 2022, however, the lenders provided the Company with a loan covenant waiver as of and for this quarterly period. Our ability to expand and grow our business will depend on many factors, including our working capital needs and the evolution of our operating cash flows. 
 
 We had 10,713 in cash as of December 31, 2022. We believe our operating cash flows, together with amounts available under the Credit Agreement and our cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital and capital expenditure requirements during the next 12 months. 
 
 41 

We may, however, need additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other developments, including unanticipated regulatory developments, significant acquisitions, and competitive pressures. Our capital expenditures in 2022 of 13,189 were approximately 8.1 of annual revenue. We believe future growth capital expenditures, excluding any expenditures for buildings and maintenance capital we might purchase for our operations, are likely to be approximately 4.0 of 2023 annual revenue. To the extent that our current resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may need to seek additional equity or debt financing. If the needed financing is not available, or if the terms of financing are less desirable than we expect, we may be forced to decrease our level of investment in new product launches and related marketing initiatives or to scale back our existing operations, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial prospects. 
 
 Borrowings and Lines of Credit 
 
 On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into a new Credit Agreement (the New Credit Agreement , which included a 50,000 revolving credit facility and a 125,000 term loan. The Company's borrowings under the revolving credit facility were 37,000 at December 31, 2022. The loans obtained under these facilities will mature in December 2026. 
 
 As previously disclosed, the New Credit Agreement was amended as of November 10, 2022 (the New Credit Agreement, as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement or First Amendment ). Specifically, the Amendment (i) reduced the minimum interest coverage ratio from 3.00 to 1.0 to 2.50 to 1.0 for each fiscal quarter ending in fiscal 2023, to 2.75 to 1.0 for the fiscal quarters ending on March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, with the minimum interest coverage ratio reverting back to 3.00 to 1.0 for each fiscal quarter ending on and after September 30, 2024, (ii) increased the maximum net leverage ratio to 4.50 to 1.0 for each fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2022 through June 30, 2023, which ratio will decrease thereafter over time until it reaches 3.50 to 1.0 for each fiscal quarter ending on and after June 30, 2024, and (iii) prohibits certain restricted payments by the Company otherwise permitted by Section 6.06(g) of the Amended Credit Agreement through September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Amendment also replaces the Adjusted LIBO Rate (e.g., LIBO Rate multiplied by the then applicable statutory reserve rate per annum), plus a range of applicable margins, as an interest election under the Amended Credit Agreement, with Term SOFR plus 0.10 Adjusted Term SOFR per annum and Daily Simple SOFR plus 0.10 per annum, as applicable, in each case plus an applicable margin adjustment ranging from 2.25 to 3.75 based on the Company s most recent net leverage ratio calculation as of the applicable interest determination date. 
 
 In addition, the Amendment replaces the Adjusted LIBO Rate plus 1.00 per annum as one of the interest rate floors applied in determining the alternate base interest rate for ABR Loans (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement), with Adjusted Term SOFR plus 1.00 per annum. Lastly, the Amendment provides that the applicable margin applicable to ABR Loans increase to 2.75 to the extent the Company s net leverage ratio equals or exceeds 4.00 to 1.0 on the applicable date. 
 
 In connection with the preparation and execution of the Amendment, the Company paid customary arranger and lender consent fees, and reasonable and documented expenses of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 The foregoing description of the Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement, which is attached to this Quarterly Report as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 On March 24, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment of the Amended Credit Agreement (as amended by the Second Amendment, the Second Amended Credit Agreement or Second Amendment with the administrative agent thereof (the Administrative Agent and the other lenders party thereto to modify certain financial covenants. References in this Annual Report to the Credit Agreement means the New Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or the Second Amended Credit Agreement, as the context requires. 
 
 42 

Specifically, the Second Amendment (i) suspends, through the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2023, applicability of the interest coverage ratio covenant, and reduces the interest coverage ratio from 2.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending on March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, from 2.25 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2024, from 2.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2024, and from 3.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on March 31, 2025 and each fiscal quarter thereafter, (ii) suspends through the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2023 applicability of the net leverage ratio covenant, and reduces the net leverage ratio from 5.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on March 31, 2024, from 4.75 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on June 30, 2024, from 4.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2024, from 4.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2024, and from 3.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on March 31, 2025 and each fiscal quarter thereafter, (iii) establishes a new quarterly Minimum EBITDA financial covenant of 3,100 for the three months ending on March 31, 2023, 8,750 for the six months ending on June 30, 2023, 16,750 for the nine months ending on September 30, 2023, and 24,400 for the year ending on December 31, 2023 (excluding for purposes of this covenant adjustments otherwise made pursuant to clauses (xii) through (xviii) of the definition thereof in the Second Amended Credit Agreement), (iv) establishes a new minimum Liquidity covenant (as defined in the Second Amended Credit Agreement) of at least 13,500 on the last day of any month ending on or after March 31, 2023 through and including December 31, 2024, and (v) prohibits certain investments and restricted payments by the Company otherwise permitted by Article VI of the Second Amended Credit Agreement through December 31, 2024. Under the Amended Credit Agreement the Company is subject to various financial covenants, including quarterly net leverage and interest coverage. For the period ending December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the net interest coverage covenant. We did not meet the quarterly net leverage ratio for the period ending December 31, 2022, however, the lenders provided the Company with a loan covenant waiver as of and for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In connection with the preparation and execution of the Second Amendment, the Company paid 524 in customary arranger and lender consent fees, and reasonable and documented expenses of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 The foregoing description of the Second Amendment and the Second Amended Credit Agreement is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Second Amendment and the Second Amended Credit Agreement, which is attached to this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.7 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Company recorded deferred financing costs for 2022, and the 2021 Successor Period of 411, and 1,828, respectively. in conjunction with the Credit Agreement and the applicable principal balances are presented within Long-Term debt, net on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company amortizes the deferred financing costs using the effective interest method. 
 
 The revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement is available for working capital and other general corporate purposes and includes a letter of credit sub-facility of up to 5,000. The Credit Agreement also includes an uncommitted incremental facility, which, subject to certain conditions, provides for additional term loan facilities, and/or an increase in commitments under the revolving credit facility, in an aggregate amount of up to 100,000. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we entered into the TRA with certain of our pre-Business Combination owners that provides for the payment by Fathom to such owners of 85 of the benefits that Fathom is deemed to realize as a result of the Company s share of existing tax basis acquired in the Business Combination and other tax benefits related to entering into the TRA. 
 
 Actual tax benefits realized by Fathom may differ from tax benefits calculated under the TRA as a result of the use of certain assumptions in the TRA, including the use of an assumed weighted-average state and local income tax rate to calculate tax benefits. While the amount of existing tax basis, the anticipated tax basis adjustments and the actual amount and utilization of tax attributes, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the TRA, will vary depending upon a number of factors, we expect that the payments that Fathom may make under the TRA will be approximately 79,000 based on the Company's closing share price of 1.32 at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we do not expect to make any material payments within the next two years, and anticipate payments to become more material beginning in 2025. 
 
 On April 4, 2023, the Tax Receivable Agreement was amended and restated by Fathom and the CORE Investors, which hold a controlling interest in Fathom. The purpose of the amendment was (i) the technical correction of an inadvertent omission from the original Tax Receivable Agreement of certain intended tax benefits to affiliates of the CORE Investors which directly or indirectly owned interests in Fathom OpCo prior to the Business Combination through entities taxed as C-corporations and (ii) to replace LIBOR with SOFR as the reference interest rate in the agreement for the several interest rates applicable under the agreement. The correction described in clause (i) of the immediately preceding sentence did not affect Fathom s accounting for the Tax Receivable Agreement. A copy of the Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Annual Report and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 43 

Cash Flow Analysis 

Period From 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 January 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

December 23 - December 31, 2021 (Successor) 

January 1 - December 22, 2021 (Predecessor) 

Net cash provided by (used in) : 

Operating Activities 

3,080 

521 

7,223 

Investing Activities 

(13,189) 

- 

(76,400) 

Financing Activities 

572 

- 

70,566 

Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 3,080 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 521 and 7,223 for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. This decrease of 4,664 is primarily due to higher operating loss, and increased working capital requirements, 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 13,189 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0 and 76,400 for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. The decrease of 63,211 was driven by a reduction of the overall cash used in acquisitions by Fathom OpCo for the 2021 predecessor period of 67,428, compared to 0 cash used for acquisitions by Fathom for the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 13,189, compared to 8,972 for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods combined. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 572 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0 and 70,566 for the 2021 successor and predecessor periods, respectively. Proceeds provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 came from a 10,000 draw on the revolver facility, and proceeds from issuance of common stock under our ESPP, partially offset by principal payments on our Term Loan of 3,125, tax payments for employee shares withheld in lieu of taxes of 2,976, debt financing fees of 411 related to the Amended Credit Agreement, and contingent consideration payments of 2,750. The cash provided by financing activities for the 2021 predecessor period was driven by the proceeds related to the 2021 Bridge Loan of 183,500, partially offset by payments on the 2021 Term Loan and extinguishment of the 2020 credit facilities of 104,091. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 
 Preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. See Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements which describes the significant accounting policies used in preparation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their potential significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain and are described subsequently. Actual results could differ from management s estimates. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 We account for business acquisitions in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). We measure the cost of an acquisition as the aggregate of the acquisition date fair values of the assets transferred and liabilities assumed and equity instruments issued. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. We record goodwill for the excess of (i) the total costs of acquisition, fair value of any non-controlling interests and acquisition date fair value of any previously held equity interest in the acquired business over (ii) the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the acquired business. 
 
 44 

The acquisition method of accounting requires us to exercise judgment and make estimates and assumptions based on available information regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination as of the date of acquisition, including the fair values of identifiable intangible assets, deferred tax asset valuation allowances, liabilities related to uncertain tax positions and contingencies. We must also refine these estimates over a one-year measurement period, to reflect any new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. If we are required to retroactively adjust provisional amounts that we have recorded for the fair value of assets and liabilities in connection with an acquisition, these adjustments could materially impact our results of operations and financial position. Estimates and assumptions that we must make in estimating the fair value of future acquired technology, user lists and other identifiable intangible assets include future cash flows that we expect to generate from the acquired assets. If the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could record impairment charges. In addition, we estimate the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate depreciation and amortization expense. If our estimates of the economic lives change, depreciation or amortization expenses could be accelerated or slowed, which could materially impact our results of operations. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 We recognize goodwill in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). Goodwill is the excess of cost of an acquired entity over the fair value amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized. 
 
 As a result of sustained decreases in the Company s publicly quoted share price, lower market multiples for a relevant peer group, and challenging macroeconomic conditions, the Company concluded during the third quarter that there were impairment indicators and conducted a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment, including additional testing of its definite-lived intangibles, and other long-lived assets as of September 30, 2022. As a result of this assessment, the Company did not identify an impairment to its definite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets, but the Company recorded a 1,066,564 non-deductible, non-cash goodwill impairment charge for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 in our unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). During the fourth quarter the Company's stock price experienced an additional sustained decline, and the Company evidenced further deterioration in the macroeconomic conditions, triggering a further impairment analysis as of December 31, 2022. As a result of this assessment the Company did not identify an impairment to its definite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets, but it did result in the recognition of an additional impairment charge for the remaining goodwill of 122,954 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. There were no goodwill impairment charges for the 2021 Successor Period and 2021 Predecessor Period. 
 
 The Company estimated the fair value of the Company using an equal allocation between the discounted cash flow method under the income approach and the public company guideline method under the market approach. The significant assumptions used in the valuation include revenue growth rates, future gross profit margins and operating expenses used to calculate projected future cash flows, determination of the weighted average cost of capital, and future economic and market conditions. The terminal value is based on an exit revenue multiple which requires significant assumptions regarding the selections of appropriate multiples that consider relevant market trading data. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on its knowledge of the digital manufacturing industry, recent performance, expectations of future performance and other assumptions the Company believes to be reasonable. 
 
 We recognize intangibles assets in accordance with ASC 350. Acquired intangible assets subject to amortization are stated at fair value and are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Intangible assets that are subject to amortization are reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Assets not subject to amortization are tested for impairment at least annually. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no impairment charges for intangible assets have been recognized. 
 
 The estimates of fair value are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment, which primarily incorporates management assumptions about expected future cash flows. Although these assets are not currently impaired, there can be no assurance that future impairments will not occur. See Note 3 Business Combination with Fathom OpCo, Note 4 - Fathom OpCo Predecessor Period Acquisitions, and Note 8 Goodwill and Intangible Assets in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 
 45 

Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers 
 
 The Company accounts for revenue under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customer's ASC 606 ). Most of the Company s revenue has one performance obligation and is recognized on a point-in-time basis upon shipment. Over the course of 2022, we were not able to support overtime revenue recognition for customer contracts within our injection molding business and transitioned to recognizing revenue on a point in time basis upon shipment. This change in revenue recognition is immaterial to the overall financial statements in all periods included in this Form 10-K. The Company s payments terms are consistent with industry standards and never exceed 12 months. 
 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 
 Our contingent liabilities, which are included within the Other non-current liabilities caption on our consolidated balance sheets, are uncertain by nature and their estimation requires significant management judgment as to the probability and estimation of the amount of liability. These contingencies include, but may not be limited to, warrants, TRA liabilities, earnout shares, litigation, and management s evaluation of complex laws and regulations, including those relating to indirect taxes, and the extent to which they may apply to our business and industry. See Note 19 - Fair Value Measurement and Note 20 - Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 
 We regularly review our contingencies to determine whether the likelihood of a liability is probable and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the liability can be made. Determination of whether a liability estimate can be made is a complex undertaking that considers the judgement of management, third-party research, the prospect of negotiation and interpretations by regulators and courts, among other information. When liabilities can be reasonably estimated, an estimated contingent liability is recorded. We continually reevaluate our indirect tax and other positions for appropriateness. 
 
 Shared Based Compensation 
 
 Our historical and outstanding stock-based compensation awards, including the issuances of options and other stock awards under our equity compensation plans, have typically included service-based or performance-based vesting conditions. For awards with only service-based vesting conditions, we record compensation cost for these awards using the straight-line method over the vesting period. For awards with performance-based vesting conditions, we recognize compensation cost on a tranche-by-tranche basis. 
 
 Share based compensation expense is measured based on the grant-date fair value of the share based awards and is recognized over the requisite service period of the awards. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value our stock option awards. The Black-Scholes model requires management to make a number of key assumptions, including expected volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. The risk-free interest rate is estimated using the rate of return on U.S. treasury notes with a life that approximates the expected term. The expected term assumption used in the Black-Scholes model represents the period of time that the options are expected to be outstanding and is estimated using the midpoint between the requisite service period and the contractual term of the option. 
 
 The assumptions underlying these valuations represent management s best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors or expected outcomes change and our management uses significantly different assumptions or estimates, our stock-based compensation expense for future periods could be materially different, including as a result of adjustments to share based compensation expense recorded for prior period. 
 
 Earnout Shares Liabilities and Warrant Liability 
 
 The fair values of the Sponsor earnout shares liability, Fathom earnout shares liability, and Warrants liability were determined using Monte Carlo simulations that have various significant unobservable inputs. The assumptions used could have a material impact on the valuation of these liabilities, and include our best estimate of expected volatility, expected holding periods and appropriate discounts for lack of marketability. Changes in the estimated fair values of these liabilities may have material impacts on our results of operations in any given period, as any increases in these liabilities have a corresponding negative impact on our U.S. GAAP results of operations in the period in which the changes occur. See Note 3 - Business Combination with Fathom OpCo and Note 9 - Warrant Liability in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 
 46 

Impact of Changes in Accounting on Recent and Future Trends 
 
 In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases Topic 842 Section A - Leases: Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC ). The standard requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet and retains a distinction between classification of leases. The classification criteria for distinguishing between finance leases and operating leases are substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases and operating leases in the previous lease guidance. The Company adopted this standard and related amendments in the first quarter of 2022, using the modified retrospective approach. Using the modified retrospective approach, the Company determined an incremental borrowing rate at the date of adoption based on the total lease term and total minimum rental payments. 
 
 The modified retrospective approach provides a method for recording existing leases at adoption with a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings. The Company elected the package of practical expedients, which permits the Company to not reassess (1) whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, (2) the lease classification for any expired or existing leases, and (3) any initial direct costs for any expired or existing leases as of the effective date. The Company also elected the practical expedient to not allocate lease considerations between lease and non-lease components for real estate leases. As such, real estate lease considerations are treated as a single lease-component and accounted for accordingly. The Company excludes leases with an initial term of 12 months or less from the application of Topic 842. 
 
 Adoption of the new standard resulted in the recording of 3,122 and 8,195 of current lease liabilities and long-term lease liabilities, respectively, and 11,986 in corresponding right-of-use lease assets. The difference between the approximate value of the right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities is attributable to future rent escalations. The cumulative change in the beginning accumulated deficit was 82 due to the adoption of Topic 842. There was no material impact on the Company s consolidated statement of comprehensive loss or consolidated statement of cash flows. The Company s comparative periods continue to be presented and disclosed in accordance with previous lease guidance. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Accounting Election 
 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can choose not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. Altimar II was an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and has elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Fathom is expected to remain an emerging growth company at least through the end of the 2023 and is expected to continue to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period. This may make it difficult or impossible to compare Fathom financial results with the financial results of another public company that is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of the extended transition period exemptions for emerging growth companies because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We are exposed to market risk in the form of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices for raw materials. We may, from time to time, enter into derivative financial instruments to manage these risks; however, we do not utilize such instruments or contracts for speculative or trading purposes. In the event that we enter into a derivative financial instrument, it is possible that such future dated contracts could no longer serve as a hedge if the projected cash flow does not occur as anticipated at the time of contract initiation. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risks as a result of our borrowing and investing activities, which principally includes long-term borrowings, used to maintain liquidity and to fund our business operations and capital requirements. We have a 125.0 million term loan and a 50.0 million revolving credit facility that allows for borrowings at a variable interest rate. As of December 31, 2022 we had 37.0 million in outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility. We may enter into interest rate swaps from time to time to manage our mix of fixed and variable interest rate debt effectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no interest rate swaps or other derivative instruments in place. The nature and amount of our long-term debt may vary from time to time as a result of business requirements, market conditions and other factors. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We continually address the impact of changes in commodity prices on our results of operations and cash flow. Our exposure to changes in commodity prices is principally indirect as we do not directly purchase exchange-traded commodities, but rather 
 47 

purchase raw materials that are a result of further downstream processing, primarily inputs resulting from processing crude oil, natural gas, iron ore, gold, silver and copper. We generally manage the risk of changes in commodity prices that impact our raw material costs by seeking to (i) offset increased costs through increases in prices, (ii) alter the nature and mix of raw materials used to manufacture our finished goods or (iii) enter into commodity-linked sales or purchase contracts, all to the extent possible based on competitive and other economic factors. We may also from time to time enter into derivative financial instruments to mitigate such impact however, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had no derivative financial instruments in place. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, together with the Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon, are set forth below in the F-pages of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). 
 
 As a result of this evaluation, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. As an emerging growth company, the Company is not required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim consolidated and financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 48 

Remediated Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Remediation of previously identified material weakness and the strengthening of our internal controls over financial reporting environment was a priority of the Company during 2022. The Company implemented and tested the design and operating effectiveness of new and existing controls related to the previously identified material weaknesses, as follows: 
 
 Management implemented our previously disclosed remediation plan around user access to data and applications pertaining to Information Technology General Controls ITGCs and segregation of duties at both the system and end user levels across multiple applications. The remediation plan executed included: (i) designing the internal controls around ITGCs; (ii) developing and maintaining documentation underlying ITGCs; (iii) developing enhanced risk assessment procedures and controls related to user access to data and application, changes in IT systems, and segregation of duties at both the system (pervasive) and end user levels across multiple application; (iv) developing a training program addressing ITGCs and policies, including educating control owners concerning the principles and requirements of each control, with a focus on those related to user access and segregation of duties over IT systems impacting financial reporting (v) implementing an IT management review and testing plan to monitor ITGCs with a specific focus on systems supporting our financial reporting processes; and (vi) enhanced quarterly reporting on the remediation measures to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed testing of the operating effectiveness of the implemented controls and found them to be effective. As a result, the Company has concluded the material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management implemented our previously disclosed remediation plan for designing and maintaining controls over the determination of appropriate revenue cut-off, classification and presentation of accounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The remediation plan executed included (i) standardizing our terms and conditions, and terms of carriage with all customers; and (ii) migrating to a single quoting platform across all businesses and product lines. 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed testing of the operating effectiveness of the implemented controls and found them to be effective. As a result, the Company has concluded the material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management implemented our previously disclosed remediation plan for designing and maintaining an effective control environment commensurate with our financial reporting requirements, specifically related to having a sufficient number of appropriately skilled professionals. The remediation plan executed included (i) establishing an accounting and transactional shared service center at the Hartland, Wisconsin headquarters; (ii) creating additional roles across financial reporting, (iii) hiring skilled professionals across multiple functions including finance and accounting, financial reporting, human resources, and information technology with experience in the public accounting sector and public companies; and (iv) replacing outsourced or consulting roles with full time employees. 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed testing of the operating effectiveness of the implemented controls and found them to be effective. As a result, the Company has concluded the material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, based on the Company s implementation of a structured internal controls design and testing process during 2022, we continue to have material weaknesses in certain components of the 2013 COSO framework, including the control environment and control activities. 
 
 A comprehensive system of formal policies, procedures and controls has not been fully designed or implemented to ensure appropriate document retention and achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures. 

49 

Management determined that the Company has design deficiencies over revenue and expenditures, specifically around (i) customer and supplier onboarding; (ii) document retention; and (iii) a lack of evidence to support control performance. Management determined that the collective ineffective controls over revenue and expenditures constitute a material weakness. 

Management determined that the Company did not maintain effective controls over the completeness, existence, accuracy, and presentation and disclosure of the accounting for income taxes and related liabilities, including (i) quarterly and year-end income tax provision and reporting; (ii) significant transactions and business events; (iii) uncertain tax positions; (iv) the tax receivable agreement liability valuation derived from our Up-C tax structure; (v) and tax related disclosures. Management determined that the ineffective controls over income tax accounting constitute a material weakness. 

Management determined that the Company has design deficiencies over the completeness, accuracy, existence, and presentation and disclosure of inventory. Specifically, we did not maintain effective controls related to (i) validation of the inventory costing; (ii) consistent verification of inventory existence throughout the year basis; and (iii) reconciliation of inventory accounts. Management determined that the ineffective controls over inventory accounting constitute a material weakness. 

These material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 
 In light of the material weakness described above, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, we believe that the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 
 
 Remediation Plan 
 
 The Company has a remediation plan for the identified material weaknesses that will dedicate resources and priority to accounting and finance reporting controls over revenue, expenditures, income taxes, and inventory. The remediation plan includes the implementation of companywide policies and procedures for critical accounting areas including revenue and inventory, the enhancement of our documentation retention policy and training for employees on internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 The remediation actions are subject to ongoing senior management review, as well as Audit Committee oversight. The Company will not be able to conclude whether the steps to be taken will fully remediate the material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting until remediation efforts are completed, tested, and evaluated for effectiveness. Until these weaknesses are remediated, the Company plans to continue to perform additional analyses and other mitigating procedures to ensure that the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Except for the matters discussed previously, there were no other changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 On April 4, 2023, the Tax Receivable Agreement was amended and restated (the Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement by Fathom and the CORE Investors, which hold a controlling interest in Fathom. The purpose of the amendment and restatement was (i) the technical correction of an inadvertent omission from the original Tax Receivable Agreement of certain intended tax benefits to affiliates of the CORE Investors which directly or indirectly owned interests in Fathom OpCo prior to the Business Combination through entities taxed as C-corporations and (ii) to replace LIBOR with SOFR as the reference interest rate in the agreement for the several interest rates applicable under the agreement. The correction described in clause (i) of the immediately preceding sentence did not affect Fathom s prior accounting for the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 The Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement was reviewed and approved by Fathom s Audit Committee in accordance with Fathom s related person transaction policy because the CORE Investors are Related Persons as defined under the policy and the amount of benefits potentially involved under the agreement exceeds 120,000. 
 50 

The foregoing description is only a summary of certain provisions of the Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Annual Report and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 

51 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The following information will be included in Fathom s Proxy Statement related to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed in definitive form within 120 days after Fathom s fiscal year end of December 31, 2022 (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Information regarding directors of Fathom who are standing for reelection and any persons nominated to become directors of Fathom is set forth under the sections entitled Corporate Governance and Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors. 

Information regarding Fathom s Audit Committee and designated audit committee financial experts is set forth under Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Audit Committee. 

Information on Fathom s code of business ethics and conduct for directors, officers and employees is set forth in the section entitled Corporate Governance Code of Business Ethics and Conduct and information on Fathom s Corporate Governance Guidelines is set forth in the section entitled Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The following information will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Information regarding compensation of Fathom s named executive officers is set forth under Executive Compensation. 

Information regarding compensation of Fathom s directors is set forth under Corporate Governance Director Compensation Program and 2022 Director Compensation Table. 

The report of the Compensation Committee of Fathom s Board is set forth under the section entitled Executive Compensation. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The following information will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners, directors and executive officers is set forth under Corporate Governance Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and Management. 

Information regarding Fathom s equity compensation plans is set forth in the section entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The following information will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Information regarding transactions with related persons is set forth under Corporate Governance Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. 

Information regarding director independence is set forth in the section entitled Corporate Governance Director Independence. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services is set forth under the sections in the Proxy Statement entitled Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Retention of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 52 

PART IV 
 It em 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of the report: 

(1) Consolidated financial statements: 

See Index to Financial Statements on page F-1. 
 (2) Financial statement schedules: 

Schedules not listed have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is included in the consolidated financial statements or the related notes. 
 (3) See the Exhibit Index on the following page. 

It em 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 53 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2021, by and among Altimar Acquisition Corp. II, Fathom Holdco, LLC, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Annex C of the proxy statement/prospectus contained in and forming a part of Altimar II s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259639), as amended by Amendment No. 3 thereto filed on November 30, 2021 ). 

2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2021, by and among Altimar Acquisition Corp. II, Fathom Holdco, LLC, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Altimar II s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2021) . 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Domestication of Altimar Acquisition Corp. II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021) . 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021) . 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fathom's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022). 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and between Altimar Acquisition Corp. II and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Altimar II s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2021) . 

4.3 
 
 Forfeiture and Support Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2021, by and among Altimar Sponsor II, LLC, Altimar Acquisition Corp. II, Fathom Holdco, LLC, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Altimar II with the SEC on July 19, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Amendment to the Forfeiture and Support Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2021, by and among Altimar Sponsor II, LLC, Altimar Acquisition Corp. II, Fathom Holdco, LLC, and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Altimar II s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2023, by and among Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation, and the other parties thereto,. 

10.2 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, by and among Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December as of December 23, 2021, by and among Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation, Altimar Sponsor II, LLC and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Fathom's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021 . 

10.4 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Fathom Holdco, LLC, dated as of December 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30,2021) . 

10.5 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Fathom Guarantor, LLC, Fathom Borrower, LLC, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30,2021). 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment dated as of November 10, 2022 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, among Fathom Guarantor, LLC, Fathom Manufacturing, LLC, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fathom s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 

10.7 
 
 Second Amendment dated as of March 24, 2023 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of November 10, 2022, among Fathom Guarantor, LLC, Fathom Manufacturing, LLC, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fathom's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2023. 

10.8# 
 
 Form of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex H of the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus contained in and forming a part of Altimar II s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259639), as amended by Amendment No. 3 thereto filed with the SEC on November 30, 2021). 

10.9# 
 
 Form of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex I of the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus contained in and forming a part of Altimar 

54 

II s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-259639), as amended by Amendment No. 3 thereto filed with the SEC on November 30, 2021). 

10.10# 
 
 Form of Rollover RSU Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021) . 

10.11# 
 
 Form of Initial RSU Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 

10.12# 
 
 Form of Employee Restricted Share Award Agreement (Business Combination Phantom Equity Settlement) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Fathom's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on April 8, 2022). 

10.13# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 

10.14# 
 
 Letter agreement regarding terms of employment dated December 23, 2021 by and between Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation and Ryan Martin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 

10.15# 
 
 Letter agreement regarding terms of employment dated December 23, 2021 by and between Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation and Richard Stump (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021) . 

10.16# 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021 by and between Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation and Mark Frost (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021) . 

10.17# 
 
 Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021 ). 

10.18# 
 
 Form of Severance Plan Participation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Fathom s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 #	Indicates a management plan or compensatory arrangement. 
 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 
 55 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan Martin 

Ryan Martin 

Chief Executive Officer 

Power of attorney 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below appoints Ryan Martin and Mark Frost, and each of them, any of whom may act without the joinder of the other, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him or her and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or would do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof . 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of registrant and in the capacities indicated below as of April 7, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ryan Martin 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 7, 2023 

Ryan Martin 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Mark Frost 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 7, 2023 

Mark Frost 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Carey Chen 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

Carey Chen 

/s/ TJ Chung 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

TJ Chung 

/s/ Caralynn Nowinski Collens 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

Caralynn Nowinski Collens 

/s/ Adam DeWitt 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

Adam DeWitt 

/s/ David Fisher 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

David Fisher 

/s/ Maria Green 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

Maria Green 

/s/ Peter Leemputte 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

Peter Leemputte 

/s/ John May 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

John May 

/s/ Robert Nardelli 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

Robert Nardelli 

56 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Periods From January 1 - December 31, 2022 and December 23 - 31, 2021 (Successor), January 1 - December 22, 2021 (Predecessor). 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interest for the Year Ended December 31, 2022. 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interest for the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (Successor) 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statement of Class A Contingently Redeemable Class A Preferred Units and Members' for the Period Ended December 22, 2021 (Predecessor) 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Periods From January 1 - December 31, 2022 and December 23 - 31, 2021 (Successor), January 1 - December 22, 2021 (Predecessor). 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company or Successor as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity and redeemable non-controlling interest, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity and redeemable non-controlling interest, and cash flows for the period from December 23, 2021 to December 31, 2021, and the consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income, Class A contingently redeemable preferred units and members equity, and cash flows for the period from January 1, 2021 to December 22, 2021 of Fathom Holdco, LLC (a Delaware limited liability company) and subsidiaries Predecessor ), and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the financial position as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the period from December 23, 2021 to December 31, 2021 (Successor) and the results of its operations and cash flows for the period from January 1, 2021 to December 22, 2021 (Predecessor), in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Emphasis of matter 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of January 1, 2022, due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 
 T hese financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 7, 2023 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and unit amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use operating lease assets, net 

- 

Right-of-use financing lease assets, net 

- 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

- 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable (1) 

Accrued expenses 

Current operating lease liability 

- 

Current finance lease liability 

- 

Other current liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

Current portion of debt, net 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Fathom earnout shares liability 

Sponsor earnout shares liability 

Warrant liability 

Payable to related parties pursuant to the tax receivable agreement (includes and at fair value, respectively) 

Long-term contingent consideration 

- 

Noncurrent operating lease liability 

- 

Noncurrent finance lease liability 

- 

Deferred tax liability 

- 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

- 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies : 

Contingently Redeemable Preferred Equity: 

Redeemable non-controlling interest in Fathom OpCo 

Shareholders' and Members' Equity: 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding and shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding and shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Class C common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

- 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Shareholders equity attributable to Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation 

Total Liabilities, Shareholders Equity, Members' Equity, and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 

(1) a nd as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (In thousands, except units, shares, per unit, and per share amounts) 

Period From 

January 1 - December 31, 2022 

December 23 - 31, 2021 (Successor) 

January 1 - December 22, 2021 (Predecessor) 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue (1) (2) 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general, and administrative (3) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Restructuring 

- 

- 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

- 

Total operating expenses 

Operating (loss) income 

() 

() 

Interest expense and other (income) expense 

Interest expense 

Other expense 

Other income 

() 

() 

() 

Total interest expense and other (income) expense, net 

() 

() 

Net (loss) income before income tax 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Net (loss) income 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to Fathom OpCo non-controlling interest (Note 15) 

() 

() 

- 

Net (loss) income attributable to controlling interest 

() 

- 

Comprehensive income (loss): 

(Loss) gain from foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

- 

Comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

() 

() 

Earnings per Share: 

Net loss per unit attributable to Class A and Class B common unit holders (4) 

Basic and Diluted 

() 

Weighted average Class A and Class B units outstanding 

Basic and Diluted 

Net (loss) income per share attributable to shares of Class A common stock 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

(1) , , and of depreciation and amortization for the periods January 1 - December 31, 2022, December 23 - 31, 2021, and January 1 - December 22, 2021, respectively. 

(2) , , and , of cost of revenue related to inventory purchases from a related party for the periods January 1 - December 31, 2022, December 23 - 31, 2021, and January 1 - December 22, 2021, respectively. See Note 17. 

(3) , , and , of management fees incurred to a related party for the periods January 1 - December 31, 2022, December 23 - 31, 2021, and January 1 - December 22, 2021, respectively. See Note 17. 

(4) . 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Class A Common Shares 

Class B Common Shares 

Number of Shares 

Par Value per share) 

Number of Shares 

Par Value per share) 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total Equity Attributable to Fathom 

Redeemable Non-controlling Interest 

Balance at January 1, 2022 

() 

- 

Equity based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Adoption of ASC 842 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

Vesting of restricted shares, net of tax withholding 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

Issuance of Class A common stock under Employee Share Purchase Plan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exchange of Class B common stock and Fathom OpCo units 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Non-controlling interest remeasurement 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

TRA liability on capital transactions 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

Tax impact of exchange of Class B common stock and Fathom OpCo units 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Class A Common Shares 

Class B Common Shares 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Equity Attributable to Fathom 

Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 

Balance at December 23, 2021 

() 

Equity based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statement of C lass A Contingently Redeemable Preferred Units and Members' Equity (Predecessor) 
 (In thousands, except unit amounts) 

Class A Contingently Redeemable Preferred Equity 

Class A Common Units 

Class B Common Units 

Predecessor 
 
 Number of Units 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

() 

() 

Share based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 22, 2021 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Period From 

January 1 - December 31, 2022 

December 23 - December 31, 2021 (Successor) 

January 1 - December 22, 2021 (Predecessor) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net (loss) income 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash from operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of inventory step-up 

- 

- 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

- 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment 

() 

- 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

- 

Gain on PPP forgiveness 

- 

- 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Noncash lease expense, net 

- 

- 

Deferred taxes 

() 

() 

- 

Bad debt expense 

- 

Non-controlling interest share of Fathom OpCo Net Loss 

() 

() 

- 

Change in fair value of Fathom earnout shares liability 

() 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of Sponsor earnout shares liability 

() 

() 

- 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of tax receivable agreement 

() 

- 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

- 

- 

Amortization of debt financing costs 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities that provided cash: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accrued liabilities and other 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

- 

() 

Cash used for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

- 

- 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

- 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from term loan 

- 

- 

Proceeds from revolving credit facility, net 

- 

- 

Payments on debt 

() 

- 

() 

Payments on finance leases 

() 

- 

- 

Tax payment for shares withheld in lieu of taxes 

() 

- 

- 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

() 

- 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under ESPP 

- 

- 

Payments for contingent consideration 

() 

- 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

- 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, and cash equivalents 

() 

- 

- 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

() 

Cash, beginning of period 

19,836 

Cash, end of period 

F- 8 

Supplemental Cash Flows Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Cash paid to related parties (Note 17) 

Significant non-cash transactions: 

Property and equipment noncash transaction 

- 

- 

Initial recognition of contingent consideration for acquisitions 

- 

Right-of-use assets acquired through lease liabilities 

- 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 
 as a limited liability company in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, for the purpose of holding a percent equity interest in MCT Group Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries MCT Holdings and holding a percent equity interest in Incodema Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries Incodema Holdings ). 

as of December 31, 2022, and as of December 31, 2021. 

, and was incurred for 2022, the 2021 Successor period, and the 2021 Predecessor period, respectively. 
 impairments of intangible assets. 

The Company issued shares of Class A common stock and New Fathom Units that are subject to certain vesting and transfer restrictions (collectively, the Fathom Earnout Shares as part of the Business Combination. The Fathom Earnout Shares vest in tranches of shares. The first tranche of the Fathom Earnout Shares vest if the volume weighted average price VWAP of the Company's Class A common stock with respect to a trading day is greater than or equal to for any trading days within a consecutive -trading-day period. The second tranche of Fathom Earnout Shares vest if the VWAP of the Company's Class A common stock with respect to a trading day is greater than or equal to for any trading days within a consecutive -trading-day period. The third tranche of Fathom Earnout Shares vest if the VWAP of the Company's Class A common stock with respect to a trading day is greater than or equal to for any trading days within a consecutive -trading-day period. The Fathom Earnout Shares were issued as part of the Business Combination and are accounted for as contingent consideration, and thus purchase consideration, and classified as a liability. This classification requires the Company to re-measure the Fathom Earnout Shares at fair value with each reporting date. See Note 3 for further information. 
 Class B Ordinary Shares Founder Shares of the Company in exchange for an investment of . In conjunction with the Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares forfeited Founder Shares and received shares of Class A common stock, (the Sponsor Earnout Shares and, together with the Fathom Earnout Shares, the Earnout Shares which vest only if the stock price of the Company reaches for any days within a consecutive -trading-day period. The remaining Founder Shares were cancelled and replaced with shares of Class A common stock of the Company which are recorded as equity in the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 .4 of Fathom OpCo's New Fathom Units while the holders of the non-controlling interest in Fathom OpCo hold . Since the non-controlling interest may be redeemed for cash and redemption is considered outside of the Company's control, the non-controlling interest is recorded in temporary or mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. See Note 3 and Note 14 for further information. 
 of the net cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local, income and franchise tax (computed using certain assumptions to address the impact of state and local taxes) that it actually realizes (or in certain cases is deemed to realize) as a result of tax basis in certain assets and other tax attributes. The TRA is a direct obligation of the Company, and not of its subsidiaries. Since the payments under the TRA will be made to selling shareholders of Fathom OpCo, the fair value of the TRA as of the date of the Business Combination was considered part of the consideration transferred as part of the Business Combination with Fathom OpCo. See Note 3 for further information. Subsequent to the initial recognition of the TRA as part of the Business Combination on December 23, 2021, the TRA is recorded at fair value. Any changes in fair value of the TRA subsequent to the Business Combination are recorded as non-cash gains or losses in the Company's consolidated statement of comprehensive loss in 2022 and in the 2021 Successor Period. See Note 19 for further information. Subsequent to the Business Combination, the Company will record additional liabilities under the TRA when Class A Units of Fathom OpCo are exchanged for Class A common stock. Liabilities resulting from these exchanges will be recorded on a gross undiscounted basis and are not remeasured at fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2022, an additional TRA liability of was established as a result of these exchanges. See Note 23 for a description of the amendment and restatement of the TRA dated as of March 27, 2023. 
 
 In instances whereby inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels in the above fair value hierarchy, fair value measurements in their entirety are categorized based on the lowest level input that is significant to the valuation. The Company s assessment of the significance of particular inputs to these fair value measurements requires judgment and considers factors specific to each asset or liability. 
 Term Loan established under the New Credit Agreement, and also in entering into the Amended Credit Agreement as disclosed in Note 11. These costs are recorded as a reduction in the recorded balance of the outstanding debt. The costs are amortized over the term of the related debt and reported as a component of interest expense by using the effective interest method. 

Adoption of the new standard resulted in the recording of and of current lease liabilities and long-term lease liabilities, respectively, and in corresponding right-of-use lease assets. The difference between the approximate value of the right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities is attributable to future rent escalations. The cumulative change in the beginning accumulated deficit was due to the adoption of Topic 842. There was no material impact on the Company s consolidated statement of comprehensive loss or consolidated statement of cash flows. The Company s comparative periods continue to be presented and disclosed in accordance with previous lease guidance. The FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASC 326 ), which amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments including trade receivables and available for sale debt securities. ASC 326 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2023, and will be applied using a modified retrospective transition method. The FASB subsequently issued other related ASUs that amend ASU No. 2016-13 to provide clarification and additional guidance. The Company evaluated the impact of the new standard concluding that it will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. The Company s management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

, Altimar II and Fathom OpCo closed a series of transactions (collectively, the Business Combination pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement dated as of July 15, 2021, as amended (the Agreement ), that resulted in the combined Company becoming a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE with the Company controlling Fathom OpCo in an UP-C structure. At the closing on December 23, 2021, Altimar II domesticated into a Delaware corporation, and the Company, Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation, was formed. Following the closing, the public investors, the PIPE Investors, and the Founders collectively held Class A common stock representing approximately economic interest in Fathom OpCo, and the CORE Investors and the other Legacy Fathom Owners collectively held of economic interest in Fathom OpCo in the form of Class A common stock. Additionally, the Company issued to the legacy Fathom owners shares of Class B common stock, which have no economic rights but entitle each holder to voting power vote per share). Subsequently to the closing, the Company controls Fathom OpCo and is a holding company with no assets or operations other than its equity interest in Fathom OpCo. The Business Combination was accounted for using the acquisition method with the Company as the accounting acquirer. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the Company's assets and liabilities were recorded at carrying value, and the assets and liabilities associated with Fathom OpCo were recorded at estimated fair value as of the closing date. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired was recognized as goodwill. For accounting purposes, the acquirer is the entity that has obtained control of another entity and, thus, consummated a business combination. The determination of whether control has been obtained begins with the evaluation of whether control should be evaluated based on the variable interest or the voting interest model. If the acquiree is a variable interest entity, the primary beneficiary would be the accounting acquirer. Fathom OpCo met the definition of a variable interest entity, and the Company was determined to be the primary beneficiary and is therefore also the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination. See Note 2 and Note 22 for further information. As a result of the Business Combination, the Company's financial statement presentation distinguishes Fathom OpCo as the Predecessor through the closing date. The Company is the Successor for periods after the closing date of December 22, 2021. Revenue and earnings from the date of the Business Combination to December 31, 2021, are shown as the Successor period on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss). As a result of the application of the acquisition method of accounting in the Successor period, the consolidated financial statements for the Successor period are presented on a full step-up basis and are therefore not comparable to the consolidated financial statements of the Predecessor period that are not presented on the same full step-up basis. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company incurred of transaction expenses. These costs were recorded on the income statement of Altimar II prior to the Business Combination. Since the Predecessor period for purposes of these financial statements was deemed to be the historical results of Fathom OpCo, these transaction costs are not presented in either the Company's consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the 2021 Predecessor Period However, these transaction costs are reflected in the accumulated deficit balance of the Company in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Also, in connection with the Business Combination, Fathom OpCo incurred of transaction expenses. of this amount represented contingent fees and success fees which would not have been incurred had the Business Combination not closed. The Company therefore elected an accounting policy to present these transaction costs on-the-line whereby the transaction costs are not recorded in either the 2021 Predecessor Period of Fathom OpCo or the 2021 Successor Period of the Company. The remaining of transaction expenses were not contingent on the closing of the Business Combination and therefore have been reflected as period costs in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the 2021 Predecessor Period. The seller earnout contingent consideration below represents the estimated fair market value of the Fathom Earnout Shares issued in conjunction with the Business Combination. The Fathom Earnout Shares will be settled with shares of Class A common stock or New Fathom Units and is accounted for as liability classified contingent consideration. The Fathom Earnout Shares vest in equal tranches of shares each at the volume-weighted average share price thresholds of , and , respectively. The earnout period related to the Fathom Earnout Shares is from the date of the closing of the Business Combination. These estimated fair values are preliminary and subject to adjustment in subsequent periods. In conjunction with the Business Combination, the Company recognized a deferred tax liability of . The deferred tax liability was recorded on the standalone books of the Company with an offset to goodwill. The deferred tax liability is included in the other long-term liabilities caption in the table below. See Note 21 for further information. . See below for a summary of the total consideration transferred. 

Total 

Consideration Transferred: 

Total cash consideration 

Fathom earnout shares 

Class A common stock transferred 

TRA obligations to the sellers 

Total consideration transferred to sellers 

Non-controlling interest 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made measurement period adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation which included: (i) a decrease to goodwill of , (ii) a decrease to accounts receivable of , (iii) an increase to prepaids and other current assets of , and (iv) an increase in accounts payable of . The measurement period adjustments were made to reflect facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and is reflected in the table below. 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 
 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Taxes payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion - long-term debt 

Deferred revenue 

Other current liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill represents future economic benefits arising from acquiring Fathom OpCo's equity, primarily due to its strong market position and its assembled workforce that are not individually and separately recognized as intangible assets. A portion of the Goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill is allocated to the Company's sole reportable segment and reporting unit. 

Customer relationships 

Developed software 

Developed technology 

The weighted average amortization period for the amortizable intangible assets at the date of the Business Combination is years. The following table presents unaudited pro forma as if the acquisition of Fathom OpCo had occurred on January 1, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, after giving effects to certain adjustments. The unaudited pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred had the acquisition been affected on January 1, 2021. In addition, these results are not intended to be a projection of future results and do not reflect events that may occur after the acquisition, including but not limited to revenue enhancements, cost savings or operating synergies that the combined entity may achieve as a result of the acquisition. The Company determined that the 2021 Successor Period was immaterial and therefore, not broken out separately below. 

Pro forma net loss 

() 

Pro forma net loss attributable to controlling interest 

() 

Pro forma net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

() 

The supplemental and unaudited pro forma net (loss) includes the following adjustments: Adjustment to depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2021, of ; 

 Adjustment to interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021, of ); 

 Adjustment to stock-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2021, of ); and 

 Adjustment to transaction-related costs for the year ended December 31, 2021, of ). 

percent of the equity interests of Summit. In conjunction with the equity purchase, Fathom OpCo acquired the real estate in which Summit performs their operations. Summit Tooling designs and manufactures plastic injection molds and Summit Plastics provides molding of precision plastic components for a variety of industries. The primary reason for the acquisition was to expand Fathom OpCo's capabilities in manufacturing and expand its customer base of high-quality manufacturing and industrial technology companies in North America. 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

The consideration excluded of buyer transaction expenses that are included in other expenses within the 2021 Predecessor Period consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. In addition, Fathom OpCo paid a transaction fee of to an affiliate of the majority member of Fathom OpCo. The goodwill recognized as part of the acquisition primarily reflects the value of the assembled workforce acquired and the value of future growth prospects and expected business synergies realized as a result of combining and integrating the acquired business into Fathom OpCo's existing platform. The goodwill recognized is partially deductible for tax purposes. 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable net assets 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships 

Total intangible assets 

Net loss 

() 

Acquisition of Precision Process Corp.: Fathom OpCo completed an acquisition of Precision Process Corp. PPC on April 30, 2021, in which it acquired percent of the membership interest of PPC. In conjunction with the equity purchase, Fathom Opco acquired the real estate in which PPC performs their operations. PPC is a manufacturing company that offers integrated engineering-to-production services, specializing in making prototype, small-run and mass production of parts and components for medical, high-tech, automotive, and metal stamping industries. The primary reason for the acquisition was to expand Fathom OpCo's capabilities into metal stamping with high-quality manufacturing and industrial technology companies in North America. 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

The consideration excludes of buyer transaction expenses that are included in other expenses within the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss . Fathom OpCo paid a transaction fee of to an affiliate of the majority member of Fathom OpCo. The goodwill recognized as part of the acquisition primarily reflects the value of the assembled workforce acquired and the value of future growth prospects and expected business synergies realized as a result of combining and integrating the acquired business into Fathom OpCo's existing platform. The goodwill recognized is partially deductible for tax purposes. 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable net assets 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships 

Total intangible assets 

Net loss 

() 

Acquisition of Centex Machine and Welding, Inc. and Laser Manufacturing, Inc.: Fathom OpCo completed acquisitions of Centex Machine and Welding, Inc. Centex and Laser Manufacturing, Inc. Laser on April 30, 2021, in which it acquired percent of the equity interests of Centex and Laser. Centex is a top tier medical device manufacturing supplier and Laser provides high precision manufacturing services, combining state of the art technology with expert craftsmanship to deliver superior products. The acquisition was completed in order to expand Fathom OpCo's high-quality manufacturing and industrial technology capabilities in North America. 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

The consideration excluded of buyer transaction expenses that are included in other expenses within the 2021 Predecessor period consolidated statements of comprehensive loss . Fathom OpCo also paid a transaction fee of to an affiliate of the majority member of the Fathom OpCo in connection with the transaction. The goodwill recognized as part of the acquisition primarily reflects the value of the assembled workforce acquired and the value of future growth prospects and expected business synergies realized as a result of combining and integrating the acquired businesses into the Company s existing platform. The goodwill recognized is partially deductible for tax purposes. 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan 

- 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable net assets 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships 

Total intangible assets 

Acquisition Date Fair Value Laser 

Estimated Life (Years) 

Trade name 

Customer relationships 

Total intangible assets 

Net loss 

() 

Acquisition of Sureshot Precision, LLC: Fathom OpCo completed an acquisition of Sureshot Precision, LLC (d/b/a as Micropulse West on April 30, 2021 in which it acquired percent of the membership interest of Micropulse West. Micropulse West is a full-service specialist offering a variety of services such as wire Electrical Discharge Machine EDM ), ram EDM, small hole EDM, CNC and manual machining/turning, surface grinding, and inspection. The acquisition was consistent with Fathom OpCo s mission to acquire high-quality manufacturing and industrial technology companies in North America. 

Contingent consideration 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

The consideration excludes of buyer transaction expenses that are included in other expenses within the 2021 Predecessor Period consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. In addition, Fathom OpCo paid a transaction fee of to an affiliate of the majority member of Fathom OpCo. The goodwill recognized as part of the acquisition primarily reflects the value of the assembled workforce acquired and the value of future growth prospects and expected business synergies realized as a result of combining and integrating the acquired businesses into Fathom OpCo's existing platform. The goodwill recognized is partially deductible for tax purposes. 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable net assets 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships 

Total intangible assets 

Net loss 

() 

Injection Molding 

CNC Machining 

Precision Sheet Metal 

Ancillary Product Lines 

Total revenue 

The Company generally expenses sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. The Company s deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 (Successor) wa s , and , respectively. Deferred revenue is the result of billings in excess of revenue being recognized and is recorded in other current liabilities on the Company s balance sheet. 

Raw materials 

Work in process 

Tooling 

Allowance for obsolescence 

() 

() 

Total 

- 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer hardware 

Computer software 

- 

- 

Property and leasehold improvements 

- 

Construction in progress 

n/a 

Auto / transportation equipment 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total 

Depreciation expense included in operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2021 Successor Period, and the 2021 Predecessor Period was , , and , re spectively. Depreciation expense included in cost of revenues for the 2022, the 2021 Successor Period, and the 2021 Predecessor Period was , , and , respectively. 

() 

- 

As a result of sustained decreases in the Company s publicly quoted share price, lower market multiples for a relevant peer group, and challenging macroeconomic conditions, the Company concluded during the third quarter that there were impairment indicators and conducted a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment, including additional testing of its definite-lived intangibles, and other long-lived assets as of September 30, 2022. As a result of this assessment, the Company did not identify an impairment to its definite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets, but the Company recorded a non-deductible, non-cash goodwill impairment charge for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 in our unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). During the fourth quarter the Company's stock price experienced an additional sustained decline, and the Company evidenced further deterioration in the macroeconomic conditions, triggering a further impairment analysis as of December 31, 2022. As a result of this assessment the Company did not identify an impairment to its definite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets, but it did result in the recognition of an additional impairment charge for the remaining goodwill of for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. There were goodwill impairment charges for the 2021 Successor Period and 2021 Predecessor Period. The Company estimated the fair value of the Company using an equal allocation between the discounted cash flow method under the income approach and the public company guideline method under the market approach. The significant assumptions used in the valuation include revenue growth rates, future gross profit margins and operating expenses used to calculate projected future cash flows, determination of the weighted average cost of capital, and future economic and market conditions. The terminal value is based on an exit revenue multiple, which requires significant assumptions regarding the selections of appropriate multiples that consider relevant market trading data. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on its knowledge of the digital manufacturing industry, recent performance, expectations of future performance and other assumptions the Company believes to be reasonable. 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Developed software 

() 

Developed technology 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

Period Ended December 31, 2021 

Gross 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net 

Useful Life (in years) 

Trade name 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Developed software 

() 

Developed technology 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

Aggregate amortization expense related to intangible assets, excluding goodwill which is not amortized, was , , and , for the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2021 Successor Period, and the 2021 Predecessor Period, respectively. There are intangible assets, other than goodwill, with indefinite useful lives. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Public Warrants outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, there were Public Warrants outstanding. The Public Warrants became exercisable after February 4, 2022, or one year after the IPO of the Company (i.e., Altimar II's IPO). The Public Warrants are redeemable when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds . Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants (except as described with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part; 

 at a price per Warrant; 

 upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption to each holder of the Warrant; and 

 if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the holders of the Warrants. 

 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, the Company s management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the Warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stocks issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were also Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the units sold in the initial public offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants were not transferable, assignable, or salable until after the completion of the Business Combination, or January 22, 2022. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and non-redeemable, except as described so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The below table summarizes the number of outstanding Warrants and the fair value as of December 31, 2021. See Note 19 for further information. 

Fair Value 

# of Warrants 

December 31, 2021 

Public Warrants 

Private Placement Warrants 

acquisitions by Fathom since 2019. Consolidate its existing facility in Oakland, California into Fathom headquarters in Hartland, Wisconsin, improving utilization and reducing costs. 

 Establish a Fathom technology center in Fremont, California that will focus on new and emerging technologies, specifically in the additive market; and 

 Consolidate leadership and other roles through a net workforce reduction of approximately , create an accounting shared service organization to streamline company-wide processes and create economies of scale while pursuing additional shared-service systems in other administrative functions. 

 The Company has commenced workforce reductions and expects to complete these actions by the end of the second quarter of 2023. The Company has completed the relocation of its Oakland, California facility to Hartland, Wisconsin location in the fourth quarter 2022. Reorganizing charges are presented on the face of our consolidated statement of comprehensive loss as an operating expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company has incurred costs of and , respectively. 

Charges 

Payments 

() 

Liability balance at December 31, 2022 

The reorganization liability resides in other current liabilities within our consolidated balance sheet and as of December 31, 2022, consists of the lease termination of our Oakland, California facility for and employee termination costs of . Cash payments are expected to be disbursed by the end of the second quarter of 2023. On February 17, 2023, the Company committed to additional actions to continue and expand the reorganization plan. The additional actions include closing and consolidating a location in Texas, reducing the Company s workforce by an additional and prioritizing investments and operations in line with near-term revenue generation. Expected costs associated with the future actions are estimated to be and will be incurred during the first and second quarters of 2023. 

term loan due April 2022 (the 2021 Term Loan in order to finance the acquisitions of Centex, Laser, Micropulse West, and PPC, as well as to refinance the Company s existing debt. In conjunction with the Business Combination, the Company repaid of the 2021 Term Loan and the 2021 Term Loan was subsequently refinanced shortly after the closing of the Business Combination. The deferred financing costs are not recorded on the opening consolidated balance sheet as of December 23, 2021, as the costs were determined to have a fair value of zero. Credit Agreement On December 23, 2021, Fathom OpCo entered into a financing transaction, which included a revolving credit facility and term loan (collectively, the New Credit Agreement ). The Company's borrowings under the revolving facility were , as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. The loans made under these facilities will mature in December 2026 . The total proceeds from the New Credit Agreement were used to repay the 2021 Term Loan. As previously disclosed, the New Credit Agreement was amended as of November 10, 2022 (the New Credit Agreement, as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement or First Amendment ). On March 24, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment of the Amended Credit Agreement (as amended by the Second Amendment, the Second Amended Credit Agreement or Second Amendment with the administrative agent thereof (the Administrative Agent and the other lenders party thereto to modify certain financial covenants. References in these Notes to the Credit Agreement means the New Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or the Second Amended Credit Agreement, as the context requires. Specifically, the Second Amendment (i) suspends, through the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2023, applicability of the interest coverage ratio covenant, and reduces the interest coverage ratio from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending on March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2024, and from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on March 31, 2025 and each fiscal quarter thereafter, (ii) suspends through the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2023 applicability of the net leverage ratio covenant, and reduces the net leverage ratio from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on March 31, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on June 30, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2024, and from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on March 31, 2025 and each fiscal quarter thereafter, (iii) establishes a new quarterly Minimum EBITDA financial covenant of for the three months ending on March 31, 2023, for the six months ending on June 30, 2023, for the nine months ending on September 30, 2023, and for the year ending on December 31, 2023 (excluding for purposes of this covenant adjustments otherwise made pursuant to clauses (xii) through (xviii) of the definition thereof in the Second Amended Credit Agreement), (iv) establishes a new minimum Liquidity covenant (as defined in the Second Amended Credit Agreement) of at least on the last day of any month ending on or after March 31, 2023 through and including December 31, 2024, and (v) prohibits certain investments and restricted payments by the Company otherwise permitted by Article VI of the Second Amended Credit Agreement through December 31, 2024. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Notes is . This is based on discounted cash flows, thus, this is deemed a Level 3 fair value measurement. The Company recorded deferred financing costs of in conjunction with the New Credit Agreement, and for the Amended Credit Agreement, and the balances are presented net within current portion of long-term debt, net and long-term debt, net on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company amortizes the deferred financing costs using the effective interest method. The revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement is available for working capital and other general corporate purposes and includes a letter of credit sub-facility of up to . The Credit Agreement also includes an uncommitted incremental facility, which, subject to certain conditions, provides for additional term loan facilities, an increase in commitments under the Credit Agreement and/or an increase in commitments under the revolving credit facility, in an aggregate amount of up to . Under the Amended Credit Agreement the Company is subject to various financial covenants, including quarterly net leverage and interest coverage. For the period ending December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the net interest coverage covenant. We did not meet the quarterly net leverage ratio for the period ending December 31, 2022, however, the lenders provided the Company with a loan covenant waiver as of and for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

New Credit Agreement Term Loan 

Total principal long-term debt 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total debt 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

- 

Thereafter 

Total 

Interest on all debt is payable quarterly, with the unpaid amount due upon maturity. Interest expense associated with long-term debt for the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2021 Successor Period, and the 2021 Predecessor Period, was , , and , respectively. Included in interest expense, net on the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss is amortization of debt issuance costs of , , and , for the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2021 Successor Period, and the 2021 Predecessor Period, respectively. In December 2022, the Company entered into a financing agreement through its insurance broker to spread the payment of its annual director s and officer s insurance premium over a period. Total financed payments of , including a financing fee at annual rate, will be made between January 2023 and October 2023. In December 2021, the Company entered into a financing agreement through its insurance broker to spread the payment of its annual director s and officer s insurance premium over a ten-month period. Total financed payments of , including a financing fee at annual rate, was made between January 2022 and October 2022. 

Transaction expense 

- 

- 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

- 

- 

Loan prepayment fees 

- 

- 

Change in fair value of TRA 

- 

- 

Loss on sale of assets 

- 

Other 

Other expense 

Gain on sale of assets 

() 

- 

- 

Gain on PPP forgiveness 

- 

- 

() 

Change in fair value of Earnout Shares 

() 

() 

- 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

- 

() 

Change in fair value of Warrants 

() 

() 

- 

Change in fair value of TRA 

() 

- 

- 

Other 

() 

- 

- 

Other income 

() 

() 

() 

Also, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, all unvested time-based phantom unit awards issued under the Company's former Combined Phantom Plan outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination were cancelled and replaced with grants of time-based restricted stock units issued under the 2021 Omnibus Plan. These new issued time-based restricted stock units vest based on what the remaining vest period was under the original award issued under the Combined Phantom plan immediately prior to the Business Combination. Also, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, all performance-based phantom unit awards issued under the Company's former Combined Phantom Plan outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination were cancelled and replaced with grants of performance-based restricted stock units, issued under the 2021 Omnibus Plan. These newly issued performance-based restricted stock units vest when and if the CORE-affiliated limited partnerships (the CORE Investors meet certain sell-down thresholds related to the Class A Common stock held by both CORE Investors and affiliates of the CORE Investors as a result of the Business Combination and prior to any sell-downs. The sell-down thresholds are referred to as an Investor Cumulative Sale Percentage Threshold . The performance-based awards vest in , , and increments only when an Investor Cumulative Sale Percentage Threshold of , , and respectively, are met. No such Investor Cumulative Sale Percentage Thresholds were reached during 2022 or the 2021 Successor Period. In accordance with ASC 718 Stock Compensation , both the time-based awards and the performance-based awards that were cancelled and concurrently replaced with awards issued under the 2021 Omnibus Plan are subject to modification accounting. In accordance with ASC 718, the awards are treated as if they are new awards issued as of December 23, 2021. Share based compensation expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses totaled , , and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2021 Successor Period, and the 2021 Predecessor Period, respectively. There were no material related tax benefits for the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2021 Successor Period, and the 2021 Predecessor Period. As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements. This cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. The Company elects to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than estimate the expected forfeitures. Stock Options Generally, stock option awards vest ratably each year on the anniversary date over a three-year period, have an exercise term of , and any vested options must be exercised within 90 days of the employee leaving the Company. The compensation cost of option awards is charged to expense based upon the graded-vesting method over the vesting periods applicable to the option awards. The graded-vesting method provides for vesting of portions of the overall awards at interim dates and results in greater expense in earlier years than the straight-line method. When options are granted, we calculate the fair value using multiple Black-Scholes option valuation models. Expected volatilities are based upon a selection of public guideline companies. The risk-free rate was based upon U.S. Treasury rates. 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Fair value of share 

There were options granted in 2021. 

- 

Exercised 

- 

- 

- 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Expired 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable at December, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during 2022 was . RSU's RSUs are subject to the continued service of the recipient through the vesting date, which is generally from issuance. Beginning December 2021, RSUs granted vest ratably each year on the anniversary date generally over a three-year period rather than at the end of the three year period. Once vested, the recipient will receive one share of common stock for each restricted stock unit. The grant-date fair value per share used for RSUs was determined using the closing price of our Common Stock on the NYSE on the date of the grant. We apply this grant-date fair value per share to the total number of shares that we anticipate will fully vest and amortize the fair value to compensation expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method. 

- 

Granted 

- 

Vested 

() 

- 

Forfeited 

() 

- 

Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

- 

The fair value of the time-based awards issued during 2022 were valued using the closing stock price for the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant. 

- 

Vested 

- 

- 

- 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

- 

Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

- 

The fair value of the time-based and performance-based awards issued under the 2021 Omnibus Plan were valued using the closing stock price for the Company's Class A common stock on December 23, 2021 (i.e., the grant date), less a discount for lack of marketability DLOM due to certain transfer restrictions applicable to the awards. The closing stock price at the end of business of December 23, 2021, was and the DLOM was determined to be per share, therefore, the fair value per award granted was determined to be per share. The DLOM was calculated using an average of two valuation techniques; an Asian put model and a Finnerty model. The assumptions included in these models include a risk-free rate ranging from to , volatility ranging from to , and a dividend yield of . The weighted average term utilized for the DLOM is years. Due to the application of modification accounting under ASC 718, the time-based awards were determined to have a grant date fair value of per award, which is the fair value of the time-based awards immediately prior to being modified. Since the fair value of the time-based awards immediately after being modified was determined to be per award as discussed above, the higher fair value per award is utilized as the grant date fair value for the time-based awards granted on December 23, 2021. The performance-based awards were determined to have a grant date fair value of per award in accordance with modification accounting under ASC 718 since, immediately prior to being modified, the performance condition underlying the performance-based awards was not yet considered probable. The weighted average grant date fair value of all awards granted on December 23, 2021 is per award. ESPP Our 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) allows eligible employees to purchase a variable number of shares of our common stock during each offering period at a discount through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation, subject to plan limitations. The ESPP provides for six-month offering periods with a single purchase period. At the end of each offering period, employees are able to purchase shares at of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or on the last trading day of the offering period. We determine the fair value of stock-based compensation related to our ESPP in accordance with ASC 718 using the component measurement approach and the Black-Scholes standard option pricing model. Employees purchased shares of common stock under the ESPP at an average exercise price of during 2022. As of December 31, 2022, shares remained available for future issuance under the ESPP. We calculate the fair value of the shares under the ESPP using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. Expected volatilities are based upon a selection of public guideline companies. The risk-free rate was based upon U.S. Treasury rates. - 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Fair value of share 

Only the Company's Class A common stock participates in the Company s undistributed earnings. As such, the Company s undistributed earnings are allocated entirely to shares of Class A common stock based on the weighted Class A common stock outstanding during 2022 and the 2021 Successor Period.) 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Net (loss) income attributable to Class A common stock 

() 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding-basic 

Basic Earnings Per Share 

() 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding-basic 

Effect of Dilutive Securities 

Assumed exchange for shares of Class A common stock 

- 

Weighted average shares of Class A common stock outstanding-diluted 

Diluted Earnings Per Share 

() 

Predecessor Basic net loss per unit is computed based on the weighted average number of common units outstanding. Diluted net loss per unit is computed based on the weighted average number of common units outstanding, increased by the number of any additional units that would have been outstanding had any potentially dilutive common units been issued and reduced by the number of units Fathom OpCo could have repurchased from the proceeds from issuance of the potentially dilutive units. Fathom OpCo had no dilutive instruments outstanding as of December 22, 2021 (Predecessor). As a result, basic and diluted earnings per unit are the same as of December 22, 2021 (Predecessor). Fathom OpCo's Class A common units and Class B common units participate equally in Fathom OpCo's undistributed earnings. As such, Fathom OpCo s undistributed earnings are allocated pro-rata to the Class A common units and Class B common units based on the weighted Class A common units and Class B common units outstanding as of December 22, 2021 (Predecessor) such that earnings per unit for Class A common units and Class B common units are the same in each period.) 

() 

Less: annual dividends on redeemable preferred units 

() 

() 

Net (loss) attributable to common unitholders 

() 

() 

Denominator 

Weighted-average units used to compute basic earnings per unit 

Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Unit 

() 

() 

authorized shares across all classes of capital stock, which the Company has the authority to issue. The authorized shares consist of authorized shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share, authorized shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share, shares of Class B common stock with a par value of par value per share, and shares of Class C common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding shares of preferred stock, outstanding shares of Class A common stock, outstanding shares of Class B common stock, and outstanding shares of Class C common stock. Shares of Class A common stock are entitled to economic rights and . Shares of Class B common stock have no economic rights and . The number of shares of Class B common stock is equal to the number of New Fathom Units held by the continuing Fathom Owners (as defined below). The New Fathom Units owned by the legacy pre-Business Combination owners (the Continuing Fathom Unitholders of Fathom OpCo are exchangeable on a (with corresponding surrender of an equal number of shares of Class B common stock for cancellation by the Company). The Company and Fathom OpCo also have the option to redeem the class A units for cash in lieu of shares of Class A common stock. Due to the potential that the Class A units of Fathom OpCo may be redeemed for cash and the redemption is considered outside of the control of the Company, the Company has accounted for the non-controlling interest in Fathom OpCo within temporary or mezzanine equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The Company's shares of Class C common stock have identical rights to shares of the Company's Class A common stock. However, there are outstanding shares of Class C common stock as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. Further, the Company's certificate of incorporation prohibits any future issuance of shares of Class C common stock. The Company's shares of preferred stock are authorized but unissued as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The Company, acting without shareholder approval, may approve the issuance of one of more series of such preferred shares. In connection with such approval, the Company will approve a Certificate of Designation that will set forth the terms of the series of preferred stock, including terms such as dividends and redemption rights. Due to the New Fathom Units held by parties other than the Company, upon the closing of the Business Combination, the Company recorded a non-controlling interest at fair value, which was . The non-controlling interest is reflective of the fact that the Company owned a economic interest in Fathom OpCo whereas the Continuing Fathom Unitholders hold the remaining economic interest in Fathom OpCo.) 

() 

Noncontrolling interest percentage 

Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

or less are not recorded on the balance sheet, and we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed after the adoption of Topic 842, we combine lease and non-lease components. Certain leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to or more, and the exercise of lease renewal options under these leases is at our sole discretion. Lease terms include the non-cancellable portion of the underlying leases along with any reasonably certain lease periods associated with available renewal periods. Certain of the Company s operating leases include variable rental payments based on a percentage change of certain consumer price indices CPI ). Variable rental payments are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The depreciable life of assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 

Operating 
 
 Right-of-use operating lease assets, net 

Financing 
 
 Right-of-use financing lease assets, net 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating 
 
 Current operating lease liability 

Financing 
 
 Current financing lease liability 

Non-Current 

Operating 
 
 Long-term operating lease liability 

Financing 
 
 Long-term financing lease liability 

Total lease liability 

Short-term lease cost 

Financing lease cost: 

Amortization of ROU assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Sublease income 

() 

Total lease costs 

Financing 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating 

Financing 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future lease payments 

Less: Discount 

Present value of lease liability 

Disclosures related to period prior to adoption of the Topic 842 Operating lease rent expense was and for the 2021 Successor Period, and 2021 Predecessor Period, respectively. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total future lease payments 

, , and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2021 Successor Period, and the 2021 Predecessor Period, respectively. Management Fees MCT Holdings and Incodema Holdings entered into a management services agreement with an entity related through common ownership to the majority member in August 2018 and July 2020, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2021 Successor Period, and the 2021 Predecessor Period, the Company incurred expenses related to such management fees of approximately , , and , respectively. This agreement terminated in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. 

Fathom OpCo acquisitions contingent consideration 

- 

- 

Sponsor Earnout Shares Liability 

- 

- 

Fathom Earnout Shares Liability 

- 

- 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 

- 

- 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 

- 

- 

- 

The following table presents information about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021. 

Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 

Description 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Tax Receivable Agreement 

- 

- 

Fathom OpCo acquisitions contingent consideration 

- 

- 

Sponsor Earnout Shares Liability 

- 

- 

Fathom Earnout Shares Liability 

- 

- 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 

- 

- 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 

- 

- 

- 

Payments 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Net (gain) loss (1) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance at December 31, 2022 

(1) Net gains on changes in recurring level 3 fair value measurements are recognized in other income and net losses on change in recurring level 3 fair value measurements are recognized in other expense in our consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement The fair value of the TRA is based on multiple inputs and assumptions input into a Monte Carlo simulation m odel. The significant inputs into this model are the following: a corporate tax rate of , an annual TRA payment date of February 17, existing non-controlling interest percentage of , initial amortization deductions of , of taxable income forecast by 2032, a sell-down schedule which reflects the expected sale of New Fathom Units by legacy Fathom OpCo shareholders, a Class A common stock price as of December 31, 2022 of , volatility of , correlation between taxable income and the Class A common stock price of , and a cost of debt range from to Legacy Fathom OpCo Acquisitions Contingent Consideration The fair values for contingent consideration payable are determined by using a discounted cash flow approach with unobservable inputs and is classified as a Level 3 liability in the fair value hierarchy. The Company s assessment of the significance of particular inputs to these fair value measurements requires judgment and considers factors specific to each entity to which the contingent consideration relates to, for example EBITDA targets for a given period. Earnout Shares Liability The Earnout Shares are accounted for as liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheet. The fair values for the Earnout Shares are estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation assuming Geometric Brownian Motion in a risk-neutral framework. The Monte Carlo simulation considers daily simulated stock prices as a proxy for the Company's daily volume-weighted average price VWAP ). The key inputs into the valuation of the Earnout Shares are an expected term of years, a risk-free rate of , operating asset volatility of , and equity volatility of . The operating asset volatility and the equity volatility assumptions are based on a blended average of operating and equity volatility, respectively, of publicly traded companies within the Company's peer group. Warrants The Public and Private Placement Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within Warrant liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The Warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within a change in fair value of Warrant liabilities in the statement of operations. The Public Warrants are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model; however, the inputs are calibrated such that the fair value of an individual Public Warrant is equal to the quoted and publicly traded prices for the Public Warrants. Since the fair value is based off quoted prices in an active market for identical instruments, the Public Warrants are considered to be a Level 1 fair value measurement. Since the Public Warrants are publicly traded, the price of the underlying Class A common stock, the remaining time until expiration, and the price of the Public Warrants are observable. The Monte Carlo simulation model is calibrated by adjusting the selected volatility until the value of the Public Warrants implied by the model is equal to the publicly traded Class A warrant price (Ticker: FATH.WS). The key inputs to the valuation of the Public Warrants include an expected term of years, a strike price of , an assumption that the warrants can be early redeemed when the price of the Company's Class A common stock exceeds for any trading days within a -day trading period, and the warrants are assumed to remain outstanding until maturity unless they are redeemed early. The Private Placement warrants are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The volatility for the Private Placement warrants, a key input into the valuation, was estimated to be based on the publicly traded per share price of the Company's Class A common stock as of December 31, 2022. Other key inputs into the valuation include a term of years, a strike price of per share, and an assumption that the Private Placement warrants will remain outstanding until maturity since, unlike the Public Warrants, the Private Placement warrants are not redeemable. In instances whereby inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels in the above fair value hierarchy, fair value measurements in their entirety are categorized based on the lowest level input that is significant to the valuation. The Company s assessment of the significance of particular inputs to these fair value measurements requires judgment and considers factors specific to each asset or liability. 

F- 41 

Federal 

Subtotal 

Deferred tax benefit 

State 

() 

() 

() 

Federal 

() 

() 

() 

Subtotal 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Pre-closing income held in flow-through entities 

Change in tax status of corporate subsidiaries 

() 

Non-controlling interest in Fathom Holdco, LLC 

Remeasurement of Fathom and Sponsor earnout shares 

() 

() 

Remeasurement of TRA and warrant liability 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

- 

Goodwill impairment 

Other 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

Transaction costs 

Interest expense carryforwards 

Stock based compensation 

Investment in Fathom Holdco LLC 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

- 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Investment in Fathom Holdco, LLC 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

Total net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

Net Operating Losses As of December 31, 2022, the Company has federal and state net operating loss NOLs carryforwards of and , respectfully. The U.S. federal NOLs are not subject to expiration. Utilization of the federal and state net operating losses may be subject to annual limitations due to the change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and equivalent state tax provisions. The annual limitations are not expected to restrict the use of any portion of the net operating losses prior to expiration. Nonetheless, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from federal and state NOL carryforwards will not be realized. Goodwill Impairment A permanent tax addback adjustment was made for the book goodwill impairment expense. This book goodwill impairment expense also impacted the basis difference and resulting deferred tax impact for the Investment in Fathom Holdco LLC. Due to the significant reduction in the book basis of the investment in Fathom Holdco LLC, the temporary difference related to this investment changed from a deferred tax liability as of December 31, 2021, to a deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2022. Per the valuation allowance discussion below, a full valuation allowance has been established against this deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022. Valuation Allowance The Company recorded a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. The change in the valuation allowance during the 2022 period was the result of an increase in deferred tax assets and the corresponding additional valuation allowance established against the ending deferred tax asset balance. The Company does not believe it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be realized and has therefore established a full valuation allowance against it deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. TRA, Warrants, Fathom Earnout Shares, and Sponsor Earnout Shares The Company entered into a TRA with members of Fathom OpCo which calls for certain payments to be made to members of Fathom OpCo on account of (i) tax savings generated at the Company related to tax attributes of the Company and Fathom OpCo acquired by the Company in the Business Combination and (ii) future exchanges of Fathom OpCo units for cash or Class A common stock of the Company (See note 2 for further information). Payments required under the TRA for units acquired in the Business Combination are not anticipated to give rise to substantial amounts of future deductible tax differences. Changes in the fair value of the TRA liability established in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination give rise to permanent differences between financial and taxable income. Payments required under the TRA for units exchanges subsequent to the business combination may give rise to substantial amounts of future deductible tax differences. TRA amounts attributable to subsequent exchanges are not remeasured to fair value. The Company's Fathom Earnout Shares liability and Sponsor Earnout Shares liability to be paid in the form of equity does not give rise to future deductible tax basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and accordingly, changes in the fair value of the Fathom Earnout Shares liability and the Sponsor Earnout Shares liability give rise to permanent differences between financial and taxable income. The Company s Warrants are treated as equity instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and accordingly, changes in the fair value of the Warrant liability give rise to permanent differences between financial and taxable income. 

Total liabilities 

Total equity 

and prioritizing investments and operations in line with near-term revenue generation. Expected costs associated with the future actions are estimated to be and will be incurred during the first and second quarters of 2023. Amendment and Restatement of TRA On April 4, 2023, the Tax Receivable Agreement was amended and restated by Fathom and the CORE Investors, which hold a controlling interest in Fathom. The purpose of the amendment was (i) the technical correction of an inadvertent omission from the original Tax Receivable Agreement of certain intended tax benefits to affiliates of the CORE Investors which directly or indirectly owned interests in Fathom OpCo prior to the Business Combination through entities taxed as C-corporations and (ii) to replace LIBOR with SOFR as the reference interest rate in the agreement for the several interest rates applicable under the agreement. The correction described in clause (i) of the immediately preceding sentence did not affect Fathom s accounting for the Tax Receivable Agreement. A copy of the Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Annual Report and incorporated herein by reference. Amendment of Credit Agreement On March 24, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment (the Second Amendment to the New Credit Agreement. Specifically, the Second Amendment (i) suspends, through the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2023, applicability of the interest coverage ratio covenant, and reduces the interest coverage ratio from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarters ending on March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2024, and from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on March 31, 2025 and each fiscal quarter thereafter, (ii) suspends through the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2023 applicability of the net leverage ratio covenant, and reduces the net leverage ratio from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on March 31, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on June 30, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2024, from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on December 31, 2024, and from to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending on March 31, 2025 and each fiscal quarter thereafter, (iii) establishes a new quarterly Minimum EBITDA financial covenant of for the three months ending on March 31, 2023, for the six months ending on June 30, 2023, for the nine months ending on September 30, 2023, and for the year ending on December 31, 2023 (excluding for purposes of this covenant adjustments otherwise made pursuant to clauses (xii) through (xviii) of the definition thereof in the Second Amended Credit Agreement), (iv) establishes a new minimum Liquidity covenant (as defined in the Second Amended Credit Agreement) of at least on the last day of any month ending on or after March 31, 2023 through and including December 31, 2024, and (v) prohibits certain investments and restricted payments by the Company otherwise permitted by Article VI of the Second Amended Credit Agreement through December 31, 2024. Under the Amended Credit Agreement the Company is subject to various financial covenants, including quarterly net leverage and interest coverage. For the period ending December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the net interest coverage covenant. We did not meet the quarterly net leverage ratio for the period ending December 31, 2022, however, the lenders provided the Company with a loan covenant waiver as of and for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

 F- 45 

<EX-10>
 2
 fath-ex10_1.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Exhibit 10.1 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 
 by and among 
 FATHOM DIGITAL MANUFACTURING CORPORATION 
 and 
 the MAJORITY TRA PARTIES (as defined herein) 
 
 Dated as of April 4, 2023 

AmericasActive:18057467.3 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 3 

Section 1.1 
 Definitions 
 3 

Section 1.2 
 Rules of Construction 
 13 

ARTICLE II DETERMINATION OF REALIZED TAX BENEFIT 
 14 

Section 2.1 
 Attribute Schedule 
 14 

Section 2.2 
 Tax Benefit Schedule 
 14 

Section 2.3 
 Procedures, Amendments 
 15 

ARTICLE III TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS 
 16 

Section 3.1 
 Timing and Amount of Tax Benefit Payments 
 16 

Section 3.2 
 No Duplicative Payments 
 17 

Section 3.3 
 Pro Rata Payments 
 17 

Section 3.4 
 Withholding 
 18 

ARTICLE IV TERMINATION 
 18 

Section 4.1 
 Early Termination of Agreement; Breach of Agreement 
 18 

Section 4.2 
 Early Termination Notice 
 19 

Section 4.3 
 Payment upon Early Termination 
 20 

ARTICLE V SUBORDINATION; CERTAIN TAX COVENANTS; LATE PAYMENTS 
 20 

Section 5.1 
 Subordination 
 20 

Section 5.2 
 Certain Tax Covenants 
 21 

Section 5.3 
 Late Payments by the Corporation 
 22 

ARTICLE VI TAX MATTERS; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION 
 22 

Section 6.1 
 Participation in the Corporation s and the Company s Tax Matters 
 22 

Section 6.2 
 Reconciliation 
 22 

Section 6.3 
 Consistency 
 23 

Section 6.4 
 Cooperation 
 23 

Section 6.5 
 Tax Characterization 
 24 

Section 6.6 
 Change in Tax Law 
 24 

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 
 24 

Section 7.1 
 Notices 
 24 

Section 7.2 
 Counterparts 
 25 

Section 7.3 
 Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries 
 25 

Section 7.4 
 Governing Law 
 25 

Section 7.5 
 Severability 
 26 

i 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

Section 7.6 
 Assignments; Amendments; Successors; No Waiver 
 26 

Section 7.7 
 Titles and Subtitles 
 27 

Section 7.8 
 Resolution of Disputes 
 27 

Section 7.9 
 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 28 

Section 7.10 
 Confidentiality 
 28 

Section 7.11 
 Interest Rate Limitation 
 29 

Section 7.12 
 Independent Nature of Rights and Obligations 
 29 

Annexes and Exhibits 
 Annex A - Exchange TRA Parties 
 Annex B - Blocker TRA Parties 

ii 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

AMENDED AND RESTATED TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement ), dated as of April 4, 2023, is hereby entered into by and among Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), and the Majority TRA Parties. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in Section 1.1 . 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the parties executing and delivering this Agreement (the Amendment Parties previously executed and delivered that certain Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2021, by and among the Amendment Parties and the other signatories thereto (the Original Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, certain of the Blocker TRA Parties were previously direct or indirect owners of the Blockers, and as a result of their previous ownership of the Blockers, the Blocker TRA Parties previously indirectly held interests in the Fathom Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), through the Blockers; 
 WHEREAS, the Exchange TRA Parties hold (or prior to an Exchange will hold) Company Units; 
 WHEREAS, the Company is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 WHEREAS, each Blocker was, prior to merging with and into the Corporation pursuant to the Business Combination, classified as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes; 
 WHEREAS, the Corporation, the Company, the Blockers, the Blocker Merger Subs and the Company Merger Sub entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2021 (the Business Combination Agreement ), pursuant to which on December 23, 2021, among other things (a) (i) Blocker Merger Sub 1 merged with and into Blocker 1, with Blocker 1 surviving, (ii) Blocker Merger Sub 2 merged with and into Blocker 2, with Blocker 2 surviving, and (iii) Blocker Merger Sub 3 merged with and into Blocker 3, with Blocker 3 surviving, (b) each Blocker subsequently merged with and into the Corporation, with the Corporation surviving, and (c) the Company Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a Subsidiary of the Corporation (the Business Combination ); 
 WHEREAS, as a result of or in connection with the Business Combination, the Corporation may be entitled to utilize (or otherwise be entitled to the benefits arising out of) the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets; 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the transactions undertaken pursuant to, or in connection with, the Business Combination Agreement, one or more of the Exchange TRA Parties will be treated for 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

U.S. federal income tax purposes as selling all or a portion of such TRA Party s Company Units to the Corporation (the Initial Sale ); 
 WHEREAS, on and after the date of the Original Agreement, pursuant to, and subject to the provisions of, the Company LLC Agreement, each Exchange TRA Party has the right from time to time to require the Company to redeem (a Redemption all or a portion of such TRA Party s Company Units for shares of Class A Common Stock, which Redemption may be effected by the Corporation effecting a direct exchange (a Direct Exchange of shares of Class A Common Stock for such Company Units, and as a result of such Redemptions or Direct Exchanges the Corporation may be entitled to utilize (or otherwise be entitled to the benefits arising out of) the Exchange Covered Tax Assets; 
 WHEREAS, the income, gain, loss, expense, deduction and other Tax items of the Corporation may be affected by the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets and the Exchange Covered Tax Assets; 
 WHEREAS, the parties to the Original Agreement (the Parties desired to make certain arrangements with respect to the effects of the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets and the Exchange Covered Tax Assets; 
 WHEREAS, the Corporation has determined that the Original Agreement as written inadvertently excluded the Blocker TRA Parties from receiving, along with the Exchange TRA Parties, benefits under the Original Agreement on the BCA Basis; 
 WHEREAS, the Amendment Parties desire to correct the inadvertent exclusion described in the immediately preceding recital; 
 WHEREAS, in the Original Agreement, the Agreed Rate, the Default Rate and the Early Termination Agreed Rate were based in part on reference to LIBOR (as defined in the Original Agreement); 
 WHEREAS, the Amendment Parties desire to replace LIBOR as the reference rate in the Original Agreement with SOFR; 
 WHEREAS, the Original Agreement may be amended in writing to the extent contemplated herein by each of the Corporation and the TRA Parties who would be entitled to receive more than fifty percent (50 of the aggregate amount of Early Termination Payments payable to all TRA Parties under the Original Agreement if the Corporation had exercised its right of Early Termination on the date of the most recent Exchange prior to such amendment (the Majority TRA Parties ); and 
 WHEREAS, the Amendment Parties, which include TRA Parties sufficient to constitute Majority TRA Parties, desire to enter into this Agreement to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety as set forth below. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in connection with the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending the Parties to be legally bound hereby, the Amendment Parties agree as follows: 
 2 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.1	 Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the terms set forth in this Article I shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both (i) the singular and plural and (ii) the active and passive forms of the terms defined). 
 Actual Tax Liability means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the actual liability for Taxes of (a) the Corporation and (b) without duplication, the Company, but in the case of this clause (b) only with respect to Taxes imposed on the Company and allocable to the Corporation (as reasonably determined by the Corporation); provided, that the actual liability for Taxes described in clauses (a) and (b) shall be calculated (i) using the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate, solely for purposes of calculating the state and local Actual Tax Liability of the Corporation and the Company, and (ii) assuming, solely for purposes of calculating the liability for U.S. federal income Taxes, in order to prevent double counting, that state and local income and franchise Taxes are not deductible by the Corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes. 
 Advance Payment is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such first Person. 
 Agreed Rate means a per annum rate of SOFR plus 100 basis points. 
 Agreement is defined in the preamble. 
 Amended Schedule is defined in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement. 
 Assumed State and Local Tax Rate means the tax rate equal to the sum of the product of (x) the Corporation s income and franchise Tax apportionment rate(s) for each state and local jurisdiction in which the Corporation or the Company (or any of their Subsidiaries that are treated as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal or applicable state or local tax purposes) files income or franchise Tax Returns for the relevant Taxable Year and (y) the highest corporate income and franchise Tax rate(s) for each such state and local jurisdiction in which the Corporation, the Company, or such applicable Subsidiaries file income or franchise Tax Returns for each relevant Taxable Year; provided, that solely in respect of the Corporation, to the extent that state and local income and franchise Taxes are deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes by the Corporation for the relevant Taxable Year, the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing shall be reduced by the assumed federal income Tax benefit received by the Corporation with respect to state and local jurisdiction income and franchise Taxes (with such benefit calculated as the product of (a) the Corporation s marginal U.S. federal income tax rate for the relevant Taxable Year and (b) the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate (without regard to this proviso)). 
 Attributable is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 
 Attribute Schedule is defined in Section 2.1 of this Agreement. 
 3 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy . 
 BCA Basis means the Tax basis, determined as of the time immediately prior to the Business Combination, in the Reference Assets that are amortizable under Section 197 of the Code or that are otherwise reported as amortizable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal income Tax purposes to the extent depreciation or amortization with respect to such basis will be allocable to the Corporation (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as a result of Section 704(c) of the Code) as a result of the Business Combination. For the avoidance of doubt, BCA Basis shall not include Blocker Party Basis Adjustments or Exchange Party Basis Adjustments. BCA Basis shall be attributable to each Blocker TRA Party and Exchange TRA Party in amounts determined by the Corporation in good faith taking into account each Blocker TRA Party s and each Exchange TRA Party s relative ownership of the Company immediately prior to the Business Combination. 
 Blocker 1 means CORE Fund I Blocker-5 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Blocker 2 means CORE Fund I Blocker-2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Blocker 3 means SG (MCT) Blocker, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Blocker Merger Sub 1 means Rapid Blocker 1 Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Blocker Merger Sub 2 means Rapid Blocker 2 Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Blocker Merger Sub 3 means Rapid Blocker 3 Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Blocker Merger Subs means, collectively, Blocker Merger Sub 1, Blocker Merger Sub 2 and Blocker Merger Sub 3. 
 Blocker Party Basis Adjustment means the increase or decrease to the Tax basis of, or the Corporation s share of, the Tax basis of the Reference Assets under Section 734(b), 743(b) and 754 of the Code and, in each case, the comparable sections of U.S. state and local tax law, in each case, as a result of the application of Section 362(b) of the Code, to the extent applicable, attributable to the Blocker TRA Parties as part of the Business Combination and any payments made to the Blocker TRA Parties under this Agreement; provided, that any Tax basis included in BCA Basis shall be excluded from the determination of the Blocker Party Basis Adjustment. 
 Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets means, with respect to a Blocker TRA Party, in each case, without duplication: 
 (i)	any net operating loss, capital loss, disallowed interest expense under Section 163(j) of the Code, or tax credit of any Blocker that has accrued or otherwise relates to taxable periods (or portions thereof) beginning prior to the Closing Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any transaction tax deductions to the extent resulting in a net operating loss), provided, that, in the case of a taxable period of a Blocker beginning on or prior to the Closing Date and ending after the Closing Date (a Blocker Straddle Period ), the attributes of such Blocker that are treated as accruing or otherwise relating to a taxable 
 4 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

period (or portion thereof) beginning prior to the Closing Date shall for purposes of this Agreement be calculated based on an interim closing of the books as of the close of the Closing Date (and for such purpose, the taxable period of any partnership or other passthrough entity in which such Blocker owns a beneficial interest shall be deemed to terminate at such time), except that the amount of exemptions, allowances or deductions that are calculated on an annual basis, such as the deduction for depreciation, with respect to such Blocker Straddle Period for property placed into service prior to the Closing Date shall be treated as apportioned on a daily basis; 
 (ii)	BCA Basis attributable to a Blocker TRA Party; 
 (iii)	Blocker Party Basis Adjustments; and 
 (iv)	Imputed Interest reasonably determined to be allocable to payments pursuant to this Agreement arising from the items described in clause (i), (ii) and (iii) of this definition. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets shall include any carryforwards, carrybacks or similar attributes that are attributable to the Tax items described in clauses (i)-(iii). 
 Blocker Straddle Period is defined in the definition of Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets . 
 Blocker TRA Parties means the Persons listed in Annex B . 
 Blockers means, collectively, Blocker 1, Blocker 2 and Blocker 3. 
 Board means the board of directors of the Corporation. 
 Business Combination has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
 Business Combination Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
 Business Day has the meaning set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. 
 Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events or series of related events after the date hereof: 
 (i)	any Person, or group of Persons acting together which would constitute a group for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act (as defined in the Company LLC Agreement), or any successor provisions thereto, is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Corporation s then-outstanding voting securities (other than a group formed pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement); 
 (ii)	there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar business transaction involving the Corporation with any other Person or Persons, and, either (a) the Board 
 5 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

immediately prior to the merger or consolidation does not constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the company surviving the merger or, if the surviving company is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or (b) immediately after the consummation of such transaction, the voting securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent or are not converted into more than 50 of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Person resulting from such transaction or, if the surviving company is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof; or 
 (iii)	the shareholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or there is consummated an agreement or series of related agreements for the sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets (including a sale of assets of the Company), other than such sale or other disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets to an entity at least fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by shareholders of the Corporation in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Corporation immediately prior to such sale. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, except with respect to clause (iii) above, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred (x) by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the ultimate beneficial owners of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in and voting control over, and own substantially all of the shares or equity of, an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation immediately following such transaction or series of transactions or (y) by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of transactions, immediately following which, the Corporation and one or more other entities (the Other Constituent Companies shall have become separate wholly- owned Subsidiaries of a holding company, and the ultimate beneficial owners of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions, together with the ultimate beneficial owners of the outstanding equity interests in the Other Constituent Companies immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions, shall have become the equityholders of the new holding company in exchange for their respective equity interests in the Corporation and the Other Constituent Companies, and such transaction or transactions would not otherwise constitute a Change of Control assuming references to the Corporation are references to such holding company. 
 Class A Common Stock means Class A common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Corporation. 
 Class B Common Stock means Class B common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Corporation. 
 Closing Date has the meaning set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 6 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Company is defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Company LLC Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of the date hereof, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Company Merger Sub means Rapid Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Company Units has the meaning given to the term Class A Units in the Company LLC Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, except as the context otherwise requires, and without duplication, the term Company Unit shall include any interests in the Company sold or deemed sold in the Initial Sale. 
 Control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or other agreement. 
 Corporation is defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit as of the end of a Taxable Year means the cumulative amount of Realized Tax Benefits for all Taxable Years of the Corporation (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Taxable Years of the Blockers ending on the Closing Date), up to and including such Taxable Year, net of the cumulative amount of Realized Tax Detriments of the Corporation for the same period. The Realized Tax Benefit and Realized Tax Detriment for each Taxable Year shall be based on the most recent Tax Benefit Schedules or Amended Schedules, if any, in existence at the time of such determination. 
 Default Rate means a per annum rate of SOFR plus 500 basis points. 
 Determination shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1313(a) of the Code or similar provision of law, as applicable, or any other event that finally and conclusively establishes the amount of any liability for tax and shall also include the acquiescence of the Corporation to the amount of any assessed liability for Tax. 
 Direct Exchange is defined in the recitals to this agreement. 
 Early Termination Agreed Rate means SOFR plus 100 basis points. 
 Early Termination Date means the date of an Early Termination Notice for purposes of determining the Early Termination Payment. 
 Early Termination Effective Date is defined in Section 4.2 of this Agreement. 
 Early Termination Notice is defined in Section 4.2 of this Agreement. 
 Early Termination Payment is defined in Section 4.3(b) of this Agreement. 
 7 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Early Termination Rate means the lesser of (i) 6.50 per annum, compounded annually, and (ii) the Early Termination Agreed Rate. 
 Early Termination Schedule is defined in Section 4.2 of this Agreement. 
 Exchan ge means (a) the Initial Sale and (b) any Direct Exchange or Redemption or taxable purchase (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of Company Units by the Corporation from an Exchange TRA Party. 
 Exchange Basis means the Tax basis of the Reference Assets that are amortizable under Section 197 of the Code or that are otherwise reported as amortizable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal income Tax purposes associated with the Company Units transferred upon an Exchange, determined as of the time immediately prior to such Exchange; provided, that any Tax basis included in BCA Basis shall be excluded from the determination of the Exchange Basis. 
 Exchange Covered Tax Assets means, with respect to an Exchange TRA Party, in each case, without duplication: 
 (i)	BCA Basis attributable to an Exchange TRA Party and Exchange Basis; 
 (ii)	Exchange Party Basis Adjustments; and 
 (iii)	Imputed Interest reasonably determined to be allocable to payments pursuant to this Agreement arising from the items described in clause (i) and (ii) of this definition. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Exchange Covered Tax Assets shall include any carryforwards or similar attributes that are attributable to the Tax items described in clauses (i) through (iii). 
 Exchange Party Basis Adjustment means the increase or decrease to the Tax basis of, or the Corporation s share of, the Tax basis of the Reference Assets (i) under Section 734(b), 743(b) and 754 of the Code and, in each case, the comparable sections of U.S. state and local tax law (in situations where, following an Exchange, the Company remains a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and (ii) under Sections 732, 734(b) and 1012 of the Code and, in each case, the comparable sections of U.S. state and local tax law (in situations where, as a result of one or more Exchanges, the Company becomes an entity that is disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes), in each case, as a result of any Exchange and any payments made under this Agreement; provided, that any Tax basis included in BCA Basis or Exchange Basis shall be excluded from the determination of the Exchange Party Basis Adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding proviso shall not exclude any decrease in the Tax basis of Reference Assets that offset any Tax basis included in BCA Basis or Exchange Basis. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the amount of any Exchange Party Basis Adjustment resulting from an Exchange of one or more Company Units shall be determined without regard to any Pre-Exchange Transfer of such Units and as if any such Pre-Exchange Transfer had not occurred. 
 Exchange TRA Parties means the Persons listed on Annex A . 
 Expert is defined in Section 6.2 of this Agreement. 
 8 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Hypothetical Tax Liability means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the liability for Taxes of (a) the Corporation and (b) without duplication, the Company, but in the case of this clause (b) only with respect to Taxes imposed on the Company and allocable to the Corporation, in each case using the same methods, elections, conventions, and practices used on the relevant Corporation Tax Return; provided, that the liability for Taxes described in clauses (a) and (b) shall be calculated (i) without taking into account the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets or the Exchange Covered Tax Assets, (ii) using the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate, solely for purposes of calculating the state and local hypothetical tax liability of the Corporation and the Company, and (iii) assuming, solely for purposes of calculating the liability for U.S. federal income Taxes, in order to prevent double counting, that state and local income and franchise Taxes are not deductible by the Corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes. 
 Imputed Interest in respect of a TRA Party shall mean any interest imputed under the provisions of the Code with respect to the Corporation s payment obligations in respect of such TRA Party under this Agreement. 
 Independent Directors means the members of the Board other than members of the Board that have been appointed or designated by a TRA Party or its Affiliates. 
 Initial Sale is defined in the recitals to this agreement. 
 Interest Amount is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. Interest Sale is defined in Section 5.2(c) of this Agreement. 
 Investor Rights Agreement means the Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Corporation and the other persons party thereto or that may become parties thereto from time to time, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified, from time to time. 
 IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 Joinder means a joinder to this Agreement, in form and substance substantially similar to Exhibit A to the Original Agreement. 
 Market Value means as of an Early Termination Date, the price for a share of Class A Common Stock (or any class of stock into which it has been converted) on a national securities exchange, as reported on bloomberg.com or such other reliable source as determined by the Managing Member (as defined in the Company LLC Agreement) in good faith, at the close of trading on the last full Trading Day (as defined in the Company LLC Agreement) immediately prior to such Early Termination Date, subject to appropriate and equitable adjustment for any stock splits, reverse splits, stock dividends or similar events affecting the Class A Common Stock. In the event the shares of Class A Common Stock are not publicly traded as of such Early Termination Date, then the Managing Member (as defined in the Company LLC Agreement) shall determine the Market Value in good faith. 
 Maximum Rate is defined in Section 7.11 of this Agreement. 
 Member has the meaning set forth in the Company LLC Agreement. 
 9 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Net Tax Benefit is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Objection Notice is defined in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement. 
 Permitted Transfer has the meaning set forth in the Company LLC Agreement. 
 Permitted Transferee has the meaning set forth in the Company LLC Agreement. 
 Person means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, organization, governmental entity or other entity. 
 Pre-Exchange Transfer means any transfer of one or more Company Units (including upon the death of a Member) (i) that occurs after the Business Combination but prior to a Redemption or Direct Exchange or other Exchange of such Units and (ii) to which Section 743(b) of the Code applies (other than such a transfer giving rise to basis adjustments described under Section 1.743-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations). 
 Realized Tax Benefit means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of the Hypothetical Tax Liability over the Actual Tax Liability. If all or a portion of the actual liability for such Taxes for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a Taxing Authority of any Taxable Year, such liability shall not be included in determining the Realized Tax Benefit until there has been a Determination. 
 Realized Tax Detriment means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of the Actual Tax Liability over the Hypothetical Tax Liability. If all or a portion of the actual liability for such Taxes for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a Taxing Authority of any Taxable Year, such liability shall not be included in determining the Realized Tax Detriment unless and until there has been a Determination. 
 Reconciliation Dispute is defined in Section 6.2 of this Agreement. 
 Reconciliation Procedures is defined in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement. 
 Redemption has the meaning in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 Reference Asset means any tangible or intangible asset of the Company and any asset held by any entities in which the Company owns a direct or indirect equity interest that are treated as a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income Tax purposes (but only to the extent such entities are held only through other entities treated as partnerships or disregarded entities) for purposes of the applicable Tax, as of the relevant date. A Reference Asset also includes any asset that is substituted basis property under Section 7701(a)(42) of the Code with respect to a Reference Asset. 
 Schedule means any of the following: (i) an Attribute Schedule, (ii) a Tax Benefit Schedule, or (iii) the Early Termination Schedule and, in each case, any amendments thereto. 
 10 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Senior Obligations is defined in Section 5.1 of this Agreement. 
 SOFR means during any period, an interest rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such period published on the SOFR Administrator Website by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that, in each case, if the Corporation determines that such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Corporation, SOFR shall be applied as otherwise reasonably determined by the Corporation. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or any successor administrator of SOFR). 
 SOFR Administrator Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org , or any successor source for SOFR identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person and as of the date of any determination, any other Person as to which such Person, owns, directly or indirectly, or otherwise controls, more than 50 of the voting power or other similar interests, or the sole general partner interest, or managing member or similar interest, of such Person. 
 Tax Benefit Payment is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 
 Tax Benefit Schedule is defined in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement. 
 Tax Return means any return, declaration, report or similar statement filed or required to be filed with respect to Taxes (including any attached schedules), including any information return, claim for refund, amended return and declaration of estimated Tax. 
 Taxable Year means a taxable year of the Corporation under the Code or comparable sections of U.S. state or local tax law, as applicable (which, therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, may include a period of less than 12 months for which a Tax Return is made), after the Closing Date. 
 Taxes means any and all United States federal, state, or local taxes, assessments or other charges that are based on or measured with respect to net income or profits (including alternative minimum taxes and any franchise taxes imposed in lieu of an income tax), including, in each case, any related interest, penalties or additions to tax. 
 Taxing Authority means any national, federal, state, county, municipal, or local government, or any subdivision, agency, commission or authority thereof, or any quasi-governmental body, or any other authority of any kind, exercising regulatory or other authority in relation to tax matters. 
 TRA Parties means (i) the Blocker TRA Parties and (ii) the Exchange TRA Parties. 
 TRA Party Representative means, initially, CORE Industrial Partners Management LP, and thereafter, that TRA Party or committee of TRA Parties determined from time to time by a plurality vote of the TRA Parties ratably in accordance with their right to receive Early 
 11 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Termination Payments hereunder if all Exchange TRA Parties had fully Exchanged their Company Units for Class A Common Stock or other consideration and the Corporation had exercised its right of early termination on the date of the most recent Exchange. 
 Treasury Regulations means the final, temporary, and (to the extent they can be relied upon) proposed regulations under the Code, as promulgated from time to time (including corresponding provisions and succeeding provisions) as in effect for the relevant taxable period. 
 U.S. means the United States of America. 
 Valuation Assumptions means, as of an Early Termination Date, the assumptions that: 
 (i)	in each Taxable Year ending on or after such Early Termination Date, the Corporation will have taxable income sufficient to fully use the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets and the Exchange Covered Tax Assets (other than any such Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets or Exchange Covered Tax Assets that constitute or have resulted in net operating losses, disallowed interest expense carryforwards, or credit carryforwards or carryovers (determined as of the Early Termination Date), which shall be governed by paragraph (iv) below) during such Taxable Year or future Taxable Years in which such deductions or other attributes would become available; 
 (ii)	the U.S. federal income tax rates that will be in effect for each such Taxable Year will be those specified for each such Taxable Year by the Code as in effect on the Early Termination Date, except to the extent any change to such tax rates for such Taxable Year have already been enacted into law; 
 (iii)	all taxable income of the Corporation will be subject to the maximum applicable Tax rate for U.S. federal income Tax purposes throughout the relevant period, and the Tax rate for U.S. state and local income Taxes shall be the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate as in effect for the Taxable Year of the Early Termination Date; 
 (iv)	any net operating loss, excess interest deduction, or credit carryovers or carrybacks (or similar items with respect to carryovers or carrybacks) generated by any Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Asset or Exchange Covered Tax Asset and available as of the Early Termination Date will be used by the Corporation on a pro rata basis from the Early Termination Date through (A) the scheduled expiration date of such loss carryovers or (B) if there is no such scheduled expiration, then the five-year anniversary of the date of the Early Termination Schedule; 
 (v)	any non-amortizable, non-depreciable assets (including the stock in any Subsidiary treated as a corporation for Tax purposes) will be disposed of in a fully taxable transaction for an amount sufficient to fully utilize the adjusted basis for such assets, including any adjustments attributable to such assets under Sections 734 and 743 of the Code (and, in each case, the comparable sections of U.S. state and local Tax law), and for the avoidance of doubt including Exchange Party Basis Adjustments and Blocker Party Basis Adjustments, on the fifteenth anniversary of the later of (i) the applicable Exchange giving rise to an Exchange Party Basis Adjustment with respect to such assets and (ii) the Early Termination Date; provided, that in the event of a Change of Control that includes 
 12 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

the sale of such asset (or the sale of equity interests in a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes that directly or indirectly owns such asset), such non-amortizable, non-depreciable assets shall be disposed of at the time of the direct or indirect sale of the relevant asset in such Change of Control (if earlier than such fifteenth anniversary) for such price; 
 (vi)	if, on the Early Termination Date, any Exchange TRA Party has Company Units that have not been Exchanged, then such Company Units shall be deemed to be Exchanged for the Market Value that would be received by such Exchange TRA Party if such Units had been Exchanged on the Early Termination Date, and such Exchange TRA Party shall be deemed to receive the amount of cash such Exchange TRA Party would have been entitled to pursuant to Section 4.3(a) had such Company Units actually been Exchanged on the Early Termination Date; and 
 (vii)	any payment obligations pursuant to this Agreement will be satisfied on the date that any Tax Return to which such payment obligation relates is required to be filed excluding any extensions. 
 Section 1.2	 Rules of Construction . Unless otherwise specified herein: 
 (a)	The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 
 (b)	For purposes of interpretation of this Agreement: 
 (i)	The words herein , hereto , hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 
 (ii)	References in this Agreement to a Schedule, Article, Section, clause or sub-clause refer to the appropriate Schedule to, or Article, Section, clause or subclause in, this Agreement. 
 (iii)	References in this Agreement to dollars or refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
 (iv)	The terms include and including are by way of example and not limitation. 
 (v)	The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. 
 (vi)	References to any Person shall include the successors and permitted assigns of such Person. 
 13 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

(c)	In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including ; the words to and until each mean to but excluding ; and the word through means to and including . 
 (d)	Section headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 (e)	Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) references to organization documents (including the Company LLC Agreement), agreements (including this Agreement) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are permitted hereby; and (ii) references to any law (including the Code and the Treasury Regulations) shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such law. 
 ARTICLE II DETERMINATION OF REALIZED TAX BENEFIT 
 Section 2.1	 Attribute Schedule . Following the Closing Date, within ninety (90) calendar days after the filing of IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) of the Corporation for a given Taxable Year, the Corporation shall deliver to the TRA Party Representative a schedule (the Attribute Schedule that shows, in reasonable detail, (a) the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets that are available for use by the Corporation with respect to each Blocker TRA Party with respect to such Taxable Year and the portion of the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets that are available for use by the Corporation in future Taxable Years with respect to each Blocker TRA Party; and (b) the Exchange Covered Tax Assets that are available for use by the Corporation with respect to such Taxable Year with respect to each Exchange TRA Party that has effected an Exchange (including the Exchange Party Basis Adjustments with respect to the Reference Assets resulting from Exchanges effected in such Taxable Year and the periods over which such Exchange Party Basis Adjustments are amortizable or depreciable), and the portion of the Exchange Covered Tax Assets that are available for use by the Corporation in future Taxable Years with respect to each Exchange TRA Party that has effected an Exchange. The Attribute Schedule shall also list any limitations on the ability of the Corporation to utilize any Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets or Exchange Covered Tax Assets under applicable laws (including as a result of the operation of Section 382 of the Code or Section 383 of the Code). 
 Section 2.2	 Tax Benefit Schedule . 
 (a)	 Tax Benefit Schedule . Following the Closing Date, within ninety (90) calendar days after the filing of the Form 1120 (or any successor form) of the Corporation for any Taxable Year, the Corporation shall provide to the TRA Party Representative a schedule showing, in reasonable detail, the calculation of the Tax Benefit Payment in respect of each TRA Party for such Taxable Year and the calculation of the Realized Tax Benefit and Realized Tax Detriment and the components thereof for such Taxable Year (a Tax Benefit Schedule ). Each Tax Benefit Schedule will become final as provided in Section 2.3(a) and may be amended as provided in Section 2.3(b) (subject to the procedures set forth in Section 2.3(b) ). 
 14 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

(b)	 Applicable Principles . For purposes of calculating the Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for any period, carryovers or carrybacks of any Tax item attributable to the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets and the Exchange Covered Tax Assets shall be considered to be subject to the rules of the Code and the Treasury Regulations, as applicable, or other applicable law, governing the use, limitation and expiration of carryovers or carrybacks of the relevant type. If a carryover or carryback of any Tax item includes a portion that is attributable to a Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Asset or an Exchange Covered Tax Asset and another portion that is not, such respective portions shall be considered to be used in accordance with the with and without methodology. 
 Section 2.3	 Procedures, Amendments . 
 (a)	 Procedure . Every time the Corporation delivers to the TRA Party Representative a Schedule under this Agreement, including any Amended Schedule delivered pursuant to Section 2.3(b) , and any Early Termination Schedule or amended Early Termination Schedule, the Corporation shall also deliver schedules, valuation reports, if any, and work papers, as determined by the Corporation or reasonably requested by the TRA Party Representative, providing reasonable detail regarding the preparation of the Schedule, and allow the TRA Party Representative reasonable access at no cost to the appropriate representatives of the Corporation, as determined by the Corporation or requested by the TRA Party Representative, in connection with the review of such Schedule. Without limiting the application of the preceding sentence, each time the Corporation delivers to the TRA Party Representative a Tax Benefit Schedule, in addition to the Tax Benefit Schedule duly completed, the Corporation shall also deliver to the TRA Party Representative a reasonably detailed calculation of the applicable Hypothetical Tax Liability, a reasonably detailed calculation of the applicable Actual Tax Liability, as well as any other work papers considered relevant by the Corporation or requested by the TRA Party Representative, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to provide any information that it reasonably believes is unnecessary for purposes of determining the items in the applicable Schedule or amendment thereto. Subject to Section 2.3(b) , an applicable Schedule or amendment thereto shall become final and binding on all parties thirty (30) calendar days after the first date on which the TRA Party Representative has received the applicable Schedule or amendment thereto unless (i) the TRA Party Representative provides the Corporation before such date with notice of a material objection to such Schedule Objection Notice made in good faith or (ii) the TRA Party Representative provides a written waiver of such right of any Objection Notice before such date (in which case such Schedule or amendment thereto becomes binding on the date such waiver has been received by the Corporation). If the Corporation and the TRA Party Representative, for any reason, are unable to successfully resolve the issues raised in an Objection Notice within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the Corporation of an Objection Notice, then the Corporation and the TRA Party Representative shall employ the reconciliation procedures described in Section 7.8 of this Agreement (the Reconciliation Procedures ). 
 (b)	 Amended Schedule . The applicable Attribute Schedule or Tax Benefit Schedule for any Taxable Year may be amended from time to time by the Corporation (i) in connection with a Determination affecting such Schedule, (ii) to correct inaccuracies in the Schedule identified after the date the Schedule was provided to the TRA Party Representative, (iii) to comply with the Expert s determination under the Reconciliation Procedures, 
 15 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

(i)	to reflect a change in the Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year attributable to a carryback or carryforward of a loss or other tax item to such Taxable Year, or (v) to reflect a change in the Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year attributable to an amended Tax Return filed for such Taxable Year (any such Schedule, an Amended Schedule ). The Corporation shall provide to the TRA Party Representative an Amended Schedule, along with reasonable detail regarding the preparation of the applicable portion of such Amended Schedule, within sixty (60) calendar days of the occurrence of an event referenced in clauses (i) through (v) of the first sentence of this Section 2.3(b) . 
 ARTICLE III TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS 
 Section 3.1	 Timing and Amount of Tax Benefit Payments . 
 (a)	Within five (5) Business Days after a Tax Benefit Schedule delivered to the TRA Party Representative becomes final in accordance with Section 2.3(a) , the Corporation shall pay or cause to be paid to each TRA Party for such Taxable Year an amount equal to the excess, if any, of 
 (i)	the Tax Benefit Payment in respect of such TRA Party for such Taxable Year determined pursuant to Section 3.1(b) over (ii) the aggregate amount of Advance Payments previously made to such TRA Party in respect of such Taxable Year; provided that, if the Corporation makes Advance Payments, it shall make Advance Payments to all parties eligible to receive payments under this Agreement with respect to a particular Taxable Year in proportion to their respective amount of anticipated payments under this Agreement in respect of such Taxable Year. Each such Tax Benefit Payment or such Advance Payment shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank account previously designated by such TRA Party to the Corporation or as otherwise agreed by the Corporation and such TRA Party. The Corporation shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to respond to any reasonable inquiry of a TRA Party in regard to the calculation of the amount payable to such TRA Party pursuant to any Schedule delivered under this Agreement, including the calculation of the Tax Benefit Payment in respect of such TRA Party for such Taxable Year. 
 (b)	A Tax Benefit Payment in respect of a TRA Party means an amount, not less than zero, equal to the sum of the portion of the Net Tax Benefit that is Attributable to such TRA Party and the Interest Amount with respect thereto. A Net Tax Benefit is Attributable to a Blocker TRA Party to the extent that it is derived from a Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Asset with respect to a Blocker. A Net Tax Benefit is Attributable to an Exchange TRA Party to the extent that it is owed in respect of or derived from an Exchange Covered Tax Asset with respect to Company Units that were Exchanged by such TRA Party. The Net Tax Benefit for a Taxable Year shall be an amount equal to the excess, if any, of 85 of the Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit as of the end of such Taxable Year over the sum of the total amount of payments previously made under Section 3.1(a) (excluding payments attributable to Interest Amounts) and the Advance Payments previously made under Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement (excluding any portion of Advance Payments in respect of anticipated Interest Amounts); provided, for the avoidance of 
 16 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

doubt, that a TRA Party shall not be required to return any portion of any previously made Tax Benefit Payment or Advance Payment it receives under this Agreement. The Interest Amount in respect of the TRA Party shall equal the interest on the amount of the unpaid Net Tax Benefit Attributable to such TRA Party for a Taxable Year, which interest shall accrue on any unpaid Net Tax Benefit from and after the due date (without extensions) for filing the IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) for the Corporation for such Taxable Year, calculated at the Agreed Rate, until the date such unpaid amounts are paid. For the avoidance of doubt, for Tax purposes, the Interest Amount shall not be treated as interest but instead shall be treated as additional consideration in the Business Combination or an Exchange, as applicable, unless otherwise required by law. Advance Payments in respect of a TRA Party for a Taxable Year means the payments made by the Corporation to such TRA Party as an advance of such TRA Party s anticipated Tax Benefit Payment for such Taxable Year. The Corporation shall be entitled at its option with the approval of a majority of the Independent Directors to make Advance Payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, after any lump-sum payment under Article IV of this Agreement in respect of present or future Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets or Exchange Covered Tax Assets, such Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets or Exchange Covered Tax Assets shall no longer be considered Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets or Exchange Covered Tax Assets, as applicable, for purposes of determining Tax Benefit Payments or the Net Tax Benefit. 
 Section 3.2	 No Duplicative Payments . It is intended that the provisions of this Agreement will not result in duplicative payment of any amount (including interest) required under this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed consistent with such intent. 
 Section 3.3	 Pro Rata Payments . 
 (a)	Notwithstanding anything in Section 3.1 to the contrary, to the extent that the aggregate amount of the tax benefit to the Corporation from the reduction in Tax liability as a result of the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets or the Exchange Covered Tax Assets is limited in a particular Taxable Year because the Corporation does not have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize available deductions and other attributes, the aggregate Net Tax Benefit for such Taxable Year shall be deemed Attributable to each TRA Party for purposes of Section 3.1(b) in proportion to the portion of such Net Tax Benefit that would be Attributable to such TRA Party under Section 3.1(b) if the Corporation had sufficient taxable income so that there were no such limitation; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of allocating among the TRA Parties the aggregate Net Tax Benefit with respect to any Taxable Year, the operation of this Section 3.3(a) with respect to any prior Taxable Years shall be taken into account so as to eliminate as quickly as possible, proportionately, the difference with respect to each TRA Party between (i) the aggregate Net Tax Benefit that would be Attributable to such TRA Party under Section 3.1(b) with respect to each such Taxable Year (on a cumulative basis) if the Corporation had sufficient taxable income so that there were no limitation under this Section 3.3(a) and (ii) the actual aggregate Net Tax Benefit deemed Attributable to such TRA Party under Section 3.1(b) with respect to each such Taxable Year (on a cumulative basis) by operation of this Section 3.3(a) . Consistent with the foregoing, the Attribute Schedule for a given Taxable Year shall reflect the operation of this Section 3.3(a) in respect of previous Taxable Years, with the Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets and Exchange Covered Tax Assets described in such Attribute Schedule that are Attributable to a TRA Party being adjusted to reflect payments received in respect of such Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets and Exchange Covered Tax Assets (the intention of the 
 17 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Parties being to avoid duplicative payments and maintain records sufficient to allow the Corporation to allocate Tax Benefit Payments consistent with the terms of this Section 3.3(a) ). 
 (b)	After taking into account Section 3.3(a) , if for any reason the Corporation does not fully satisfy its payment obligations to make Tax Benefit Payments due under this Agreement in respect of a particular Taxable Year (for example, as a result of having insufficient cash to make the Tax Benefit Payments due hereunder), then the Corporation and the TRA Parties agree that (i) the Corporation shall make payments due hereunder to the TRA Parties in respect of a Taxable Year in the same proportion as such payments would have been made if the relevant payment had been made in full by the Corporation, and (ii) no Tax Benefit Payment shall be made in respect of any Taxable Year until all Tax Benefit Payments in respect of prior Taxable Years have been paid. 
 (c)	To the extent the Corporation makes a payment to a TRA Party in respect of a particular Taxable Year under Section 3.1(a) of this Agreement (taking into account Sections 3.3(a) and b) in an amount in excess of the amount of such payment that should have been made to the TRA Party in respect of such Taxable Year, then (i) the TRA Party shall not receive further payments under Section 3.1(a) until the TRA Party has forgone an amount of payments equal to such excess and (ii) the Corporation shall pay the amount of the TRA Party s forgone payments to other TRA Parties (to the extent applicable) in a manner such that each of the other TRA Parties, to the extent possible, shall have received aggregate payments under Sections 3.1(a) and b) in the amount it would have received if there had been no excess payment to the TRA Party. 
 Section 3.4	 Withholding . The Corporation and its affiliates and representatives shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any payment that is payable to any TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as are required to be deducted or withheld with respect to the making of such payment in accordance with the Code or any provision of U.S. state, local or foreign tax law (including for this purpose any withholding required by the Corporation or its affiliates that may be required in connection with an Exchange). To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld and promptly paid over to the appropriate Taxing Authority, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid by the Corporation to the relevant TRA Party. The Corporation shall provide evidence of such payment to each TRA Party in respect of which such deduction or withholding is required, to the extent that such evidence is available. Each TRA Party shall promptly provide the Corporation with any applicable tax forms and certifications reasonably requested by the Corporation in connection with determining whether any such deductions and withholdings are required under the Code or any provision of U.S. state, local or foreign tax law. The Corporation will consider in good faith any applicable certificates, forms or documentation provided by a TRA Party that in such TRA Party s reasonable determination reduce or eliminate any such withholding. 
 ARTICLE IV TERMINATION 
 Section 4.1	 Early Termination of Agreement; Breach of Agreement . 
 (a)	With the prior written approval of the Board (or any Person(s) to whom the Board has delegated such authority), the Corporation may terminate this Agreement with respect 
 18 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

to all amounts payable to the TRA Parties at any time by paying to each TRA Party the Early Termination Payment in respect of the TRA Party; provided, however, that (i) this Agreement shall only terminate pursuant to this Section 4.1(a) upon the receipt in full of the Early Termination Payment by the TRA Parties, (ii) the Corporation shall deliver an Early Termination Notice only if it is able to make all required Early Termination Payments under this Agreement, and (iii) the Corporation may withdraw any notice to execute its termination rights under this Section 4.1(a) prior to the time at which any Early Termination Payment has been paid. 
 (b)	In the event that the Corporation breaches any of its material obligations under this Agreement, whether as a result of a failure to make any payment when due, a failure to honor any other material obligation required hereunder or by operation of law as a result of the rejection of this Agreement in a case commenced under the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, and the Corporation fails to cure such breach within 20 Business Days of the TRA Party Representative informing the Corporation of such breach, then, at the election of the TRA Party Representative, all obligations hereunder shall be accelerated and such obligations shall be calculated as if an Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the date of such breach. Procedures similar to the procedures of Section 4.2 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , with respect to the determination of the amounts payable by the Corporation pursuant to this Section 4.1(b) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporation breaches any of its material obligations under this Agreement, the TRA Party Representative shall be entitled to elect on behalf of all TRA Parties to receive the amounts referred to in this Section 4.1(b) or to seek specific performance of the terms of this Agreement. The Parties agree that the failure to make any payment due pursuant to this Agreement within three (3) months of the date such payment is due shall be deemed to be a breach of a material obligation under this Agreement for all purposes of this Agreement, and that it will not be considered to be a breach of a material obligation under this Agreement to make a payment due pursuant to this Agreement within three (3) months of the date such payment is due. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, it shall not be a breach of a material obligation of this Agreement if the Corporation fails to make any Tax Benefit Payment when due to the extent that the Corporation has insufficient funds to make such payment; provided, (i) the Corporation has used reasonable efforts to obtain such funds (including by causing the Company or any other Subsidiaries of the Company to distribute or lend funds to facilitate such payment, and by accessing any revolving credit facilities or other sources of available credit to fund any such amounts) and (ii) that the interest provisions of Section 5.3 shall apply to such late payment (unless the Corporation does not have sufficient funds to make such payment as a result of limitations imposed by any Senior Obligations, in which case Section 5.3 shall apply, but the Default Rate shall be replaced by the Agreed Rate). 
 (c)	In connection with a Change of Control, all obligations under this Agreement with respect to the applicable TRA Parties shall be accelerated and such obligations shall be calculated as if an Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the closing date of the Change of Control. Section 4.2 and Section 4.3 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , with respect to the determination of the amounts payable by the Corporation. 
 Section 4.2	 Early Termination Notice . If the Corporation chooses to exercise its right of early termination under Section 4.1(a) above, the Corporation shall deliver to the TRA Party Representative written notice of such intention to exercise such right Early Termination Notice ). In addition, if the Corporation chooses to exercise its right of early termination under 
 19 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Section 4.1(a) above, or the obligations under this Agreement are accelerated under Section 4.1(b) or Section 4.1(c) above, the Corporation shall deliver to the TRA Party Representative a schedule (the Early Termination Schedule showing in reasonable detail the calculation of the Early Termination Payment due to each TRA Party. Such Early Termination Schedule shall become final and binding on all Parties consistent with the procedures described in Section 2 . 3(a) . The date on which the Early Termination Schedule becomes final shall be the Early Termination Effective Date . 
 Section 4.3	 Payment upon Early Termination . 
 (a)	Within three (3) calendar days after an Early Termination Effective Date, the Corporation shall pay to the TRA Parties an amount equal to the Early Termination Payment in respect of such TRA Party; provided, however, that any amount payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of a Change of Control shall be paid concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control. Such payment shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account or accounts designated by the TRA Party or as otherwise agreed by the Corporation and such TRA Party. 
 (b)	 Early Termination Payment in respect of a TRA Party shall equal (i) the present value, discounted at the Early Termination Rate, as of the date of the Early Termination Notice, of all Tax Benefit Payments in respect of such TRA Party that would be required to be paid by the Corporation beginning from the date of the Early Termination Notice and assuming that the Valuation Assumptions in respect of such TRA Party are applied and that each such Tax Benefit Payment for each relevant Taxable Year would be paid on the due date (including extensions) under applicable law as of the Early Termination Date for filing of IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) of the Corporation for each such Taxable Year, plus (ii) any Tax Benefit Payment due and payable with respect to such TRA Party that is unpaid as of the date of the Early Termination Notice. 
 (c)	Upon the payment of the Early Termination Payment by the Corporation to a TRA Party, the Corporation shall not have any further payment obligations under this Agreement in respect of such TRA Party. 
 ARTICLE V SUBORDINATION; CERTAIN TAX COVENANTS; LATE PAYMENTS 
 Section 5.1	 Subordination . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any Tax Benefit Payment or Early Termination Payment required to be made by the Corporation under this Agreement shall rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to any principal, interest, or other amounts due and payable in respect of any obligations owed in respect of secured or unsecured indebtedness for borrowed money of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries Senior Obligations and shall rank pari passu in right of payment with all current or future unsecured obligations of the Corporation that are not Senior Obligations. To the extent that any payment under this Agreement is not permitted to be made at the time payment is due as a result of this Section 5.1 and the terms of the agreements governing Senior Obligations, such payment obligation nevertheless shall accrue for the benefit of the applicable TRA Parties and the Corporation shall make such payments at the first opportunity that such payments are permitted to 
 20 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

be made in accordance with the terms of the Senior Obligations (it being understood that interest shall accrue on the amount of such unpaid obligation in accordance with the terms hereof). Payments under any tax receivable agreement or similar agreement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement) entered into after the date hereof or as part of any transaction entered into after the date hereof in which the Corporation, the Company or their Subsidiaries would be required to pay the parties thereto for tax attributes shall be subordinate to all payments owed pursuant to this Agreement, and no such payments shall be made for so long as the Corporation has any current unpaid obligation pursuant this Agreement. The Corporation shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain sufficient available funds for the purpose of making required payments under this Agreement and avoid entering into credit agreements or Senior Obligations that could be reasonably anticipated to materially delay the timing of any payments under this Agreement. 
 Section 5.2	 Certain Tax Covenants . 
 (a)	The Corporation hereby agrees and warrants to each TRA Party (i) that it will not cause the Company or any material Subsidiary of the Company to convert into, or elect to be treated as, a corporation for Tax purposes without the prior written consent of the TRA Party Representative, 
 (i)	that it will not cause the Company to contribute any of its material assets into one or more Subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for Tax purposes, or cause the Company to liquidate or distribute in kind any of its material non-cash assets to its members, without the prior written consent of the TRA Party Representative, and (iii) that it will cause the Company, and any material Subsidiary that is treated as a partnership for Tax purposes, to make valid Section 754 elections (and all comparable elections under applicable state and local tax law) for its first Taxable Year ending after the date of this Agreement and it will not seek to revoke any such election until the Corporation has received all material tax benefits from all Exchange Party Basis Adjustments and Imputed Interest in respect of which the Corporation may be required to make any payments under this Agreement to the TRA Parties. 
 (b)	The Corporation hereby agrees that prior to (i) any proposed Interest Sale (as defined in Section 5.2(c) or (ii) any proposed sale or other disposition of all or any substantial part of the non-cash assets of the Company, it shall deliver to each TRA Party notice of such proposed transaction at least thirty (30) days prior to the consummation thereof and afford each TRA Party that still holds Company Units the opportunity to Exchange all or part of such Company Units prior to such date. 
 (c)	For purposes of this Agreement, (i) any sale or other disposition of all or any part of the Corporation s interest in the Company (an Interest Sale shall be deemed to be comprised of a sale or other disposition of a pro rata portion of each of the separate interests held by the Corporation (i.e., the original interest of the Corporation as of the date of this Agreement and each additional interest acquired hereafter by Exchange or otherwise), regardless of whether such separate interests can be (or are) identified and separately conveyed, and (ii) notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, for purposes of determining the payments due to the TRA Parties hereunder attributable to such Interest Sale, each such separate interest that was acquired 
 21 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

from a TRA Party pursuant to an Exchange shall be treated as a Reference Asset and the Exchange Party Basis Adjustment with respect thereto shall be the excess of the Tax basis of the Corporation in such interest immediately after such Exchange over the Tax basis of such TRA Party in the applicable Company Units immediately before such Exchange (with such Exchange Party Basis Adjustment to be increased as appropriate to reflect payments by the Corporation to such TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement and to be decreased as appropriate to reflect the depreciation or amortization attributable to the correlative Exchange Party Basis Adjustments to the underlying assets of the Company). 
 Section 5.3	 Late Payments by the Corporation . The amount of all or any portion of any Tax Benefit Payment, Early Termination Payment or other payment under this Agreement not made to the TRA Parties when due under the terms of this Agreement shall be payable together with any interest thereon, computed at the Default Rate and commencing from the date on which such Tax Benefit Payment, Early Termination Payment or other payment was due and payable. 
 ARTICLE VI TAX MATTERS; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION 
 Section 6.1	 Participation in the Corporation s and the Company s Tax Matters . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement or the Company LLC Agreement, the Corporation shall have full responsibility for, and sole discretion over, all Tax matters concerning the Corporation, the Company and their Subsidiaries, including the preparation, filing or amending of any Tax Return and defending, contesting or settling any issue pertaining to Taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
 (i)	the Corporation shall notify the TRA Party Representative in writing of the commencement of, and keep the TRA Party Representative reasonably informed with respect to, the portion of any audit of the Corporation, the Company or any of their Subsidiaries by a Taxing Authority the outcome of which would reasonably be expected to materially affect the rights and obligations of a TRA Party under this Agreement, including the Tax Benefit Payments payable to TRA Parties, 
 (ii)	shall provide to the TRA Party Representative reasonable opportunity (at the cost and expense of the TRA Party Representative, on behalf of the TRA Parties) to participate in or provide information and other input to the Corporation, the Company and their Subsidiaries, as applicable, and their respective advisors concerning the conduct of any such portion of such audit, which the Corporation, the Company and their Subsidiaries (including their advisors) shall consider in good faith; and 
 (iii)	the Corporation, the Company and their Subsidiaries, as applicable, shall not enter into any settlement with respect to any such portion of such audit that could have a material adverse effect on the TRA Parties rights to receive payments under this Agreement without the written consent of the TRA Party Representative, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 
 Section 6.2	 Reconciliation . In the event that the Corporation and the TRA Party Representative are unable to resolve a disagreement with respect to a Schedule (a Reconciliation 
 22 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Dispute ), the Reconciliation Dispute shall be submitted for determination to a nationally recognized expert (the Expert in the particular area of disagreement mutually acceptable to such parties. The Expert shall be a partner or principal in a nationally recognized accounting firm. If the Corporation and the TRA Party Representative are unable to agree on an Expert within fifteen (15) calendar days of receipt by the respondent(s) of written notice of a Reconciliation Dispute, the selection of an Expert shall be treated as a dispute subject to Section 7.8 and an arbitration panel shall pick an Expert. The Expert shall resolve any matter relating to a Schedule or an amendment thereto as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within thirty (30) calendar days after the matter has been submitted to the Expert for resolution. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the matter is not resolved before any payment that is the subject of a disagreement would be due (in the absence of such disagreement) or any Tax Return reflecting the subject of a disagreement is due, the undisputed amount shall be paid on the date prescribed by this Agreement and such Tax Return may be filed as prepared by the Corporation, subject to adjustment or amendment upon resolution. The costs and expenses relating to the engagement of such Expert or amending any Tax Return shall be borne by the Corporation except as provided in the next sentence. The Corporation and the TRA Party Representative shall bear their own costs and expenses of such proceeding, unless (i) the Expert entirely adopts the position of the TRA Party Representative, in which case the Corporation shall reimburse the TRA Party Representative for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding, or (ii) the Expert entirely adopts the Corporation s position, in which case Tax Benefit Payments to the TRA Parties that would have increased Tax Benefit Payments if the position of the TRA Party Representative had been adopted shall be reduced proportionately in the aggregate by any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding. The Expert shall finally determine any Reconciliation Dispute and the determinations of the Expert pursuant to this Section 6.2 shall be binding on the Corporation and the TRA Parties and may be entered and enforced in any court having competent jurisdiction. 
 Section 6.3	 Consistency . The Corporation and the TRA Parties agree to report and cause to be reported for all purposes, including federal, state and local Tax purposes and financial reporting purposes, all Tax-related items (including, without limitation, the Exchange Party Basis Adjustments, Blocker Party Basis Adjustments and each Tax Benefit Payment) in a manner consistent with that specified in any Schedule finalized consistent with the terms of this Agreement, unless otherwise required by a contrary Determination by an applicable Taxing Authority. 
 Section 6.4	 Cooperation . Each of the Corporation, the Company and the TRA Parties shall (a) furnish to the other Parties in a timely manner such information, documents and other materials as the other Party may reasonably request for purposes of making any determination or computation necessary or appropriate under this Agreement, preparing any Tax Return or defending any audit, examination or controversy with any Taxing Authority, (b) make itself reasonably available to the other Parties and their respective representatives to provide explanations of documents and material and such other information as the other Party or its representatives may reasonably request in connection with any of the matters described in clause (a) above, and (c) reasonably cooperate in connection with any such matter, and the Corporation shall reimburse each TRA Party for any reasonable third-party costs and expenses incurred pursuant to this Section 6.4 at the request of the Corporation or the Company. 
 23 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

Section 6.5	 Tax Characterization . The Parties intend that (a) each Exchange shall give rise to Exchange Party Basis Adjustments and (b) payments to Exchange TRA Parties pursuant to this Agreement with respect to an Exchange (except with respect to amounts that constitute Imputed Interest) shall be treated as consideration in respect of such Exchange that give rise to additional Exchange Party Basis Adjustments. 
 Section 6.6	 Change in Tax Law . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if, in connection with an actual or proposed change in Tax law, a TRA Party reasonably believes that the existence of this Agreement could increase the amount of income (other than income arising from receipt of a payment under this Agreement) recognized by such TRA Party upon any Exchange which is treated as ordinary income rather than capital gain (or otherwise taxed at ordinary income rates) for U.S. federal income and all applicable state and local Tax purposes or would have other material adverse Tax consequences to the TRA Party and/or its direct or indirect owners, then at the election of such TRA Party and to the extent specified by the TRA Party, this Agreement (i) shall cease to have further effect with respect to such TRA Party, (ii) shall not apply to an Exchange by the TRA Party occurring after a date specified by it, or (iii) shall otherwise be amended in a manner determined by the TRA Party to waive any benefits to which such TRA Party would otherwise be entitled under this Agreement, provided that such amendment shall not result in an increase in or acceleration of payments under this Agreement at any time as compared to the amounts and times of payments that would have been due in the absence of such amendment or increase the Corporation s administrative burden in complying with this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 7.1	 Notices . All notices, designations, requests, requests for consent or consent provided for, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) by delivery in person, by courier service, by electronic mail (delivery receipt requested) or by certified or registered mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective Parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be as specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 7.1 ): 
 If to the Corporation, or the Company, to: 
 Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation 
 1050 Walnut Ridge Drive 
 Hartland, WI 53029 
 Attn: Ryan Martin 
 Ryan.Martin@fathommfg.com 
 
 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice to the Corporation or the Company) to: 
 c/o CORE Industrial Partners, LLC 
 150 N. Riverside Plaza, Suite #2050 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Attn: John May 
 E-mail: john@coreipfund.com 
 24 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

and: 
 Winston Strawn LLP 
 35 W. Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, IL 60601 
 Attn: Steven J. Gavin, Matthew F. Bergmann and Jason D. Osborn 
 E-mail: SGavin@winston.com, MBergmann@winston.com and JOsborn@winston.com 
 
 If to the TRA Party Representative: 
 c/o CORE Industrial Partners, LLC 
 150 N. Riverside Plaza, Suite #2050 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 Attn: John May 
 E-mail: john@coreipfund.com 
 
 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice to the TRA Party Representative) to: 
 Winston Strawn LLP 
 35 W. Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, IL 60601 
 Attn: Steven J. Gavin, Matthew F. Bergmann and Jason D. Osborn 
 E-mail: SGavin@winston.com, MBergmann@winston.com and JOsborn@winston.com 
 
 Any Party may change its address or e-mail address by giving each of the other parties hereto written notice thereof in the manner set forth above. 
 Section 7.2	 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by means of telecopied signature pages or electronic transmission in portable document format (pdf) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com), all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission or electronic mail shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 Section 7.3	 Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 Section 7.4	 Governing Law . This Agreement and its enforcement and any controversy arising out of or relating to the making or performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, 
 25 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof that would mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. 
 Section 7.5	 Severability . If any term or other provision of this Agreement, or the application of such term or provision to any Person or circumstance or in any jurisdiction, is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, to any extent, by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, such term or provision is hereby deemed modified to give effect to the original written intent of the Parties to the greatest extent consistent with being valid and enforceable under applicable law. No Party shall assert, and each Party shall cause its Affiliates or related parties not to assert, that this Agreement or any part hereof is invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 Section 7.6	 Assignments; Amendments; Successors; No Waiver . 
 (a)	 Assignment . No TRA Party is permitted to assign, sell, transfer, pledge, delegate, or otherwise dispose of any interest, right or obligation under this Agreement without the prior written approval of the Board (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, that to the extent Company Units are transferred in accordance with the terms of the Company LLC Agreement, the transferring TRA Party shall assign to the transferee of such Company Units the transferring TRA Party s rights under this Agreement as long as such transferee has executed and delivered or, in connection with such transfer, executes and delivers, a Joinder agreeing to become a TRA Party for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 (b)	 Amendments . No provision of this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment is approved in writing by each of the Corporation and by TRA Parties who would be entitled to receive more than fifty percent (50 of the aggregate amount of the Early Termination Payments payable to all TRA Parties hereunder if the Corporation had exercised its right of Early Termination on the date of the most recent Exchange prior to such amendment (excluding, for purposes of this sentence, all payments made to any TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement since the date of such most recent Exchange); p rovided , however, that no such amendment shall be effective if such amendment would have a disproportionate effect on the payments certain TRA Parties will or may receive under this Agreement unless all such disproportionately affected TRA Parties consent in writing to such amendment; provided, further, that amendment of the definition of Change of Control or any approval rights granted to the Independent Directors will also require the written approval of a majority of the Independent Directors. 
 (c)	 Successors . Except as provided in Section 7.6(a) , all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the Parties and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. The Corporation shall require and cause any direct or indirect successor (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Corporation, by written agreement, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Corporation would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 
 26 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

(d)	 Waiver . Neither the failure nor delay on the part of any Party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No Party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of this Agreement, or any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, right, remedy, power or privilege is expressly set forth in a written instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party; and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance in which it is given. 
 Section 7.7	 Titles and Subtitles . The titles of the sections and subsections of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing this Agreement. 
 Section 7.8	 Resolution of Disputes . 
 (a)	Any and all disputes which cannot be settled amicably after good faith negotiations, including any ancillary claims of any Party, arising out of, relating to or in connection with the validity, negotiation, execution, interpretation, performance or non-performance of this Agreement (including the validity, scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision) shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted by a single arbitrator in the state of Delaware in accordance with the then-existing Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce. If the parties to the dispute fail to agree on the selection of an arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days of the receipt of the request for arbitration, the International Chamber of Commerce shall make the appointment. The arbitrator shall be a lawyer and shall conduct the proceedings in the English language. Performance under this Agreement shall continue if reasonably possible during any arbitration proceedings. 
 (b)	Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 7.8(a) , the Corporation and the TRA Party Representative may bring an action or special proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of compelling another Party to arbitrate, seeking temporary or preliminary relief in aid of an arbitration hereunder, and/or enforcing an arbitration award and, for the purposes of this Section 7.8(b) , each TRA Party (i) expressly consents to the application of Section 7.8(b) to any such action or proceeding, (ii) agrees that proof shall not be required that monetary damages for breach of the provisions of this Agreement would be difficult to calculate and that remedies at law would be inadequate, and (iii) irrevocably appoints the Corporation as each TRA Party s agent for service of process in connection with any such action or proceeding and agrees that service of process upon such agent, who shall promptly advise such TRA Party of any such service of process, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such TRA Party in any such action or proceeding. 
 (c)	(i) EACH TRA PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 7.8(B) , OR ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING ANCILLARY TO 
 27 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

AN ARBITRATION OR CONTEMPLATED ARBITRATION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO OR CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT. Such ancillary judicial proceedings include any suit, action or proceeding to compel arbitration, to obtain temporary or preliminary judicial relief in aid of arbitration, or to confirm an arbitration award. The Parties acknowledge that the forum designated by this Section 7.8(c) has a reasonable relation to this Agreement, and to the Parties relationship with one another. 
 (ii)	The Parties hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which they now or hereafter may have to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any such ancillary suit, action or proceeding brought in any court referred to in Section 7.8(c) of this Section 7.8 and such Parties agree not to plead or claim the same. 
 Section 7.9	 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER OR RELATE TO THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE BREACH OR VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) EACH SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (i) EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) EACH SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 7.9 . 
 Section 7.10	 Confidentiality . Each TRA Party and its assignees acknowledges and agrees that the information of the Corporation and its Affiliates provided pursuant to this Agreement is confidential and, except in the course of performing any duties as necessary for the Corporation and its Affiliates, as required by law or legal process or to enforce the terms of this Agreement, such Person shall keep and retain in the strictest confidence and not disclose to any Person any confidential matters of the Corporation and its Affiliates and successors acquired pursuant to this Agreement. This Section 7.10 shall not apply to (i) any information that has been made publicly available by the Corporation, becomes public knowledge (except as a result of an act of any TRA Party in violation of this Agreement) or is generally known to the business community, (ii) the disclosure of information to the extent necessary for a TRA Party to prosecute or defend claims arising under or relating to this Agreement, (iii) the disclosure of information to the extent necessary for a TRA Party to prepare and file its Tax Returns, to respond to any inquiries regarding the same from any Taxing Authority or to prosecute or defend any action, proceeding or audit by any Taxing Authority with respect to such Tax Returns, and (iv) the disclosure to any potential assignee or transferee of information in connection with an assignment, sale, pledge, alienation or transfer of any interest in this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.6(a) so long as such potential assignee or transferee agrees to be subject to the provisions of this Section 7.10 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required by applicable law or to the extent 
 28 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

reasonably necessary for a TRA Party to comply with any applicable reportable transaction requirements under applicable law, each TRA Party (and each employee, representative or other agent of the TRA Party, as applicable) may disclose the Tax treatment and Tax structure of the Corporation, the Company and their Subsidiaries, and any of their transactions, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other Tax analyses) that are provided to the TRA Party relating to such Tax treatment and Tax structure. 
 Section 7.11	 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the interest paid or agreed to be paid hereunder with respect to amounts due to any TRA Party hereunder shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the Maximum Rate ). If any TRA Party shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the Tax Benefit Payment, Advance Payment or Early Termination Payment, as applicable (but in each case exclusive of any component thereof comprising interest) or, if it exceeds such unpaid non-interest amount, refunded to the Corporation. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by any TRA Party exceeds the Maximum Rate, such TRA Party may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the payment obligations owed by the Corporation to such TRA Party hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the intention of the Parties to conform strictly to any applicable usury laws. 
 Section 7.12	 Independent Nature of Rights and Obligations . 
 (a)	The rights and obligations of the each TRA Party hereunder are several and not joint with the rights and obligations of any other Person. A TRA Party shall not be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Person hereunder, nor shall a TRA Party have the right to enforce the rights or obligations of any other Person hereunder (other than the Corporation). Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any TRA Party pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the TRA Parties acting as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the TRA Parties are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such rights or obligations or the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Corporation acknowledges that the TRA Parties are not acting in concert or as a group and will not assert any such claim with respect to such rights or obligations or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (b)	Except as otherwise explicitly provided in this Agreement, the actions of a TRA Party pursuant to and in accordance with this Agreement shall be binding only with respect to such TRA Party and not with respect to the any other TRA Party. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no TRA Party shall owe any duties (fiduciary or otherwise) to any other TRA Party or any other Person in determining to take or refrain from taking any action or decision under or in connection with this Agreement. 
 [ Signature Page Follows This Page ] 
 
 29 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed or caused to be executed on their behalf this Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 CORPORATION: 
 
 FATHOM DIGITAL MANUFACTURING CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Ryan Martin	 
 
 Name: Ryan Martin 
 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 CORE INDUSTRIAL PARTNERS FUND I, L.P. 

By :/s/ John May	 
 
 Name: John May 
 
 Title: Managing Partner 

CORE INDUSTRIAL PARTNERS FUND I PARALLEL, LP 

By :/s/ John May	 
 
 Name: John May 
 
 Title: Managing Partner 

AmericasActive:18057467.3 

ANNEX A 
 
 Exchange TRA Parties 
 
 Core Industrial Partners Fund I, L.P. 
 SBOF IV Incodema Holdings, LLC 
 Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities Fund III (T), LP 
 Keidl Family Holdings, Inc. 
 Kemeera Holdings, Inc. 
 ICO Products, LLC 
 Robert L. Nardelli 
 Oldcut, Inc. 
 Southern Methodist University 
 Fat Stacks, LLC 
 Dahlquist Machine Holdco, Inc. 

1 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

ANNEX B 
 
 Blocker TRA Parties 
 
 CORE Industrial Partners Fund I Parallel, LP 
 Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities Fund III, LP 
 Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities Fund III (F), LP 
 Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities Fund III (C), LP 
 Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities III (UK), LP 
 Siguler Guff HP Opportunities Fund II, LP 
 Siguler Guff Americas Opportunities Fund, LP 
 
 1 
 AmericasActive:18057467.3 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 3
 fath-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our report dated April 7, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statement of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333-264285). 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 April 7, 2023 

GT.COM 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 fath-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ryan Martin, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan Martin 

Ryan Martin 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 fath-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mark Frost, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Frost 

Mark Frost 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 fath-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan Martin 

Ryan Martin 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 fath-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on form 10-K of Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Frost 

Mark Frost 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fath-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 fath-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fath-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fath-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fath-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

