<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1760903_0001493152-23-010480.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7264524</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>267083</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1190658</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2275598</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1583736</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1780947</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010480.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403061117
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010480
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jupiter Wellness, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001760903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				832455880
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39569
		FILM NUMBER:		23790320

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1061 E. INDIANTOWN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE. 110
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-325-0482

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1061 E. INDIANTOWN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE. 110
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBD Brands, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181206

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010480.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACTOF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock Warrants to purchase Common Stock 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such fi les). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 (Do
 not check if smaller reporting company) 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 Smaller
 Reporting Company 
 Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common
equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter approximately as of June 30, 2022. 

The
number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of March 27, 2023, was . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 10 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 28 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 28 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 28 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 29 

PART II 
 30 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 30 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 32 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 36 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 36 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 36 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 37 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 38 

PART III 
 38 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 38 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 44 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 47 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 49 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 49 

PART IV 
 50 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 50 

SIGNATURES 
 52 

1 

 Table of Contents 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes the accounts of Jupiter Wellness, Inc., a Delaware corporation Jupiter Wellness ).
References in this Report to we , our , us . Jupiter , or the Company 
refer to Jupiter Wellness, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context dictates otherwise. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements in this report, including information incorporated by reference, are forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements reflect current views about future events and financial
performance based on certain assumptions. They include opinions, forecasts, intentions, plans, goals, projections, guidance, expectations,
beliefs or other statements that are not statements of historical fact. Words such as will, may, should, 
 could, would, expects, plans, believes, anticipates, 
 intends, estimates, approximates, predicts, forecasts, potential, 
 continue, or projects, or the negative or other variation of such words, and similar expressions may identify
a statement as a forward-looking statement. Any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated
growth and trends in our businesses, our goals, strategies, focus and plans, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances,
including statements expressing general optimism about future operating results and the development of our products, are forward-looking
statements. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can
only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation,
those specifically addressed under the heading Risk Factors below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The public can read
and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can
obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the
SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 

We
undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout
the entirety of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect
our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Jupiter
Wellness is committed to supporting health and wellness by developing innovative solutions to a range of conditions. We take pride in
our research and development of over-the-counter (OTC) products and intellectual property, which aim to address some of the most prevalent
health and wellness concerns today. Our product pipeline includes a diverse range of products, such as hair loss treatments, eczema creams,
vitiligo solutions, and sexual wellness products, that cater to different health and wellness needs. We are dedicated to staying up-to-date
with the latest scientific research and technology, ensuring that our products are effective, safe, and meet the highest industry standards. 

To
achieve our mission, we rely on a team of highly skilled and experienced professionals who are committed to advancing our vision of health
and wellness. Our team includes scientists, researchers, product developers, and business experts who collaborate to create new products
and enhance existing ones. We also partner with industry leaders and organizations to leverage the latest technologies and expand our
reach. 

We
generate revenue through various channels, including the sales of our OTC and consumer products, as well as licensing royalties. Our
products are available through various retailers and e-commerce platforms, making them accessible to a broad customer base. Additionally,
we collaborate with other companies to license our intellectual property, creating additional revenue streams and expanding our global
presence. 

We
signed agreements to license JW-700 to Taisho, a 2.6 billion revenue company and Japan s leading seller of minoxidil products.
Taisho plans on launching the product commercially in 2024. In India, the Company signed an agreement with Cosmofix Technovation Pvt
Ltd and Sanpellegrino Cosmetics to license its JW-700 and Photocil products. Additional licensing opportunities for these products are
being pursued primarily in overseas markets. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Products
Roadmap 

The
Company is advancing several formulations to address psoriasis and vitiligo (Photocil), increase the effectiveness of minoxidil to treat
hair loss (JW-700 minoxidil booster ), women s sexual wellness (JW-500), and jellyfish sting prevention sunscreen
(NoStingz), and atopic dermatitis/eczema (JW-110). 

Photocil
was launched commercially in India in Q3 2022 as a treatment for vitiligo and psoriasis. Photocil is a topical cream that works with
natural sunlight to provide patients with safe and effective phototherapy at home by blocking harmful radiation and permitting the passage
of therapeutic UV radiation from the sun. 

NoStingz
provides an effective barrier against the stinging mechanism of jellyfish cnidocyte preventing the delivery of venom to the victim. Applied
like other topical sun screen products, the product is clinically proven to protect users from jellyfish, sea lice, and UVA/UVB rays. 

JW-700,
currently being licensed abroad and developed for US launch, the product has been clinically shown to increase the enzymes needed for
minoxidil to work, sulfotransferase enzymes, by using the product topically in conjunction with topical minoxidil. Additional studies
and formulation work are ongoing. 

JW-500
was born out of clinical trials designed to establish a topical treatment for the restoration of nipple sensitivity for breast augmentation
patients, in addition to patients who had undergone chemotherapy or lumpectomy surgery following a cancer diagnosis. During early studies,
women reported not only increased sensitivity but also increased libido. The Company plans to file for a pre-IND meeting with the US
FDA and seek Orphan Drug Designation. An expedited 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for development is being considered as the current formulation
contains an already approved drug. 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development team in continually looking to develop new therapeutic products, while continually improving and enhancing our
existing products and product candidates to address customer demands and emerging trends. Our team is currently working to further improve
the protection provided by NoStingz and develop more effective formulas for our JW-700 product. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
primarily sell our products through third-party physical retail stores and partners who license and distribute them to other markets.
Currently, our products are licensed for distribution in over 31 countries. The majority of our sales occur via traditional physical
retailers, including their websites. We also sell via online retailers, such as Amazon and Walmart. To drive loyalty, word-of-mouth marketing,
and sustainable growth, we invest in customer experience and customer relationship management. Our marketing investments are directed
towards driving profitable growth through advertising, public relations, and brand promotion activities, including digital platforms,
sponsorships, collaborations, brand activations, and channel marketing. Additionally, we continue to invest in our marketing and brand
development efforts by investing capital expenditures on product displays to support our channel marketing via our retail partners. 

Manufacturing,
Logistics and Fulfillment 

We
outsource the manufacturing of our products to contract manufacturers, who produce them according to our formulation specifications.
Our products are manufactured by contract manufacturers in India and the US. The majority of our products will then be shipped to third-party
warehouses and to our corporate offices, which can either transport them to our distributors, retailers, or directly to our customers.
Our third-party warehouses are located in the US. We use a limited number of logistics providers to deliver our products to both distributors
and retailers, which allows us to lessen order fulfillment time, cut shipping costs, and improve inventory flexibility. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

SRM
Entertainment 

On
November 30, 2020, we entered into and closed the Exchange Agreement with SRM, a Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s
Republic of China limited company and wholly owned subsidiary of Vinco, and SRM Shareholders, pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the
SRM Common Stock from the SRM Shareholders in exchange for 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock, the resale of which is
subject to a leak out provision and escrow of 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Upon closing, and pursuant to the Exchange
Agreement, the Company delivered the 150,000 shares of its common stock to SRM and placed 50,000 shares in escrow Escrow Shares ).
Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company released the Escrow Shares in 2021. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company assumed
all of the financial obligations of SRM, as well as its employees and offices. As a result of the Exchange Agreement, SRM became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

SRM
has relationships with and supplies the amusement park industry with exclusive products such as toys, lights, fans and other items that
are sold in amusement parks. SRM has developed, manufactured and supplied the amusement park industry with exclusive products that are
often only available to consumers inside the relevant amusement park, entertainment venues and theme hotels in Orlando Florida, Beijing
China, Japan and other places throughout the worldwide theme park industry. SRM has developed unique products in conjunction with suppliers
of products for core licensed items for major well-known brands, themes, characters, and movies. 

Products
developed by SRM are generally shipped directly to the theme park without warehousing at the Company s facilities. SRM does not
have long-term agreements with its customers, and instead develops products on an item-by-item basis subject to purchase orders from
its customers. 

Through
SRM, the Company additionally intends to seek to sell its sun care products in amusement parks and related beach-adjacent properties
such as cruise lines and ocean resorts. We are currently pursuing the sale of its jellyfish protection sun care products for sale in
these locations. 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We
are committed to driving continuous improvement through innovation. Since our inception, we have made significant investments in research
and development and have acquired a substantial portfolio of intellectual property, which continues to grow each year. Our commitment
to innovation has allowed us to create unique products that address unmet needs in the market, all backed by rigorous clinical research.
Our focus on research and development has enabled us to stay ahead of the curve and provide our customers with products that are not
only effective but also innovative. We take pride in our patent portfolio and the continuous growth we have achieved, as it showcases
our dedication to creating new and unique solutions for our customers. By staying committed to innovation, we are confident in our ability
to meet the ever-changing needs of the market and continue to be a leading player in the wellness industry. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Our
Growth Strategies 

Key
elements of our growth strategy include: 

To capitalize on our market opportunity, we have assembled an ambitious long-term roadmap to introduce products crafted to meet the
unique needs of each of our customers. We plan to develop products across multiple categories, with a focus on continuously
improving the customer experience to increase sales to both new and existing customers alike. 

We are highly focused on finding and growing potential customers through distribution channels such as retail stores, e-commerce
portals, and direct relationships with care providers such as dermatologists in the US, while expanding our direct-to-consumer
approach and leveraging current channel partnerships. 

We intend to forge innovative, strategic partnerships with a variety of stakeholders, ranging from established industry leaders to
ambitious startups. Our goal is not only to broaden our reach, but to maximize the potential of our existing solutions and to create
value-added opportunities across the entire partner ecosystem. 

We intend to grow our brand equity by increasing brand awareness in existing geographic markets, diversifying our product offerings,
and developing our partner ecosystem. Furthermore, we will look to expand our reach and drive higher household penetration rates in
our current markets. 

Explore uncharted international markets, utilizing current licensees to tap into untested territories. We will create tailored
strategies and resources to accommodate the unique requirements of each of these new markets, taking a proactive approach to reach
regions that have historically been difficult to breach and expand our global presence. 

Competition 

Competitors
may include major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as specialist consumer brands companies and public and private
research institutions. We cannot be certain that we will be able to compete against current or future competitors, or that competitive
pressure will not seriously harm our business prospects. These competitors may be able to react faster to market changes, respond more
rapidly to new regulations, or allocate greater resources to the development and promotion of their products than we can. 

Furthermore,
some of these competitors may make acquisitions or establish collaborative relationships among themselves to increase their ability to
rapidly gain market share. Given the rapid changes affecting the global, national, and regional economies in general and cannabis-related
medical research and development in particular, we may not be able to create and maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Time-to-market is an important factor in our industry, and our success will depend on our ability to develop innovative products that
will be accepted by patients as efficient and helpful to use. 

Our
success will also depend on our ability to respond quickly to, among other things, changes in the economy, market conditions, and competitive
pressures. Any failure to adequately anticipate or respond to such changes could have a material effect on our financial condition, operating
results, liquidity, cash flow and our operational performance. 

What
sets us apart in the marketplace is our clinical trials approach (double-blinded, placebo-controlled trials) that have demonstrated the
clinical efficacy of our topical products. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Intellectual
Property 

Safeguarding
our intellectual property is a critical component of our business, and we take necessary measures to protect it. We rely on a blend of
patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as contractual obligations like confidentiality agreements, licenses, and
intellectual property assignment agreements to establish and defend our exclusive rights. To control access to our proprietary information,
we enforce a policy that mandates our staff, contractors, consultants, and other third parties to sign confidentiality and proprietary
rights agreements. Although these laws, procedures, and limitations offer some level of protection, they may not entirely shield our
intellectual property rights from being challenged, invalidated, infringed upon, or misused. There is also no assurance that we will
succeed in any patent infringement claims made against third parties. In addition, the laws of certain countries may not grant the same
level of protection to proprietary rights as the laws of the United States, which could limit our ability to safeguard our proprietary
technology in some jurisdictions. 

Human
Capital 

We
are committed to producing exceptional therapeutic products for our customers, and our employees play a crucial role in realizing this
vision. To keep advancing innovative products and remain competitive in our fast-paced and fiercely competitive market, it is essential
that we attract and retain talented and skilled employees. To achieve this goal, we endeavor to provide a compensation and benefits package
that is competitive, cultivate a culture of inclusivity where everyone feels supported and empowered to excel, and create opportunities
for our staff to contribute to their communities and make a positive social impact.. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had ten full-time employees, including Chief Executive Officer Brian S. John, Chairman and Chief Scientific
Officer, Dr. Glynn Wilson, and Chief Financial Officer, Douglas McKinnon. 

Properties 

Currently,
we do not own any real property. We rent office space at 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL 33477 for 15,038 per month. The
Company entered into the office lease effective July 1, 2021, which has a primary term of the lease of five years with one renewal option
for an additional three years. 

Available
Information 

We
aim to provide our stakeholders with transparent and timely information on our company s performance. As such, we offer free access
to our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any changes made to those reports
filed or furnished under Sections 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as
amended, through our website. We make these reports available as soon as reasonably feasible after submitting them electronically to
the SEC. 

The
SEC maintains an internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

Research
and Development 

The
primary objective of our research and development program is to advance the development of our existing and proposed products, to enhance
the commercial value of such products. 

The
Company incurred research and development expenses of 1,637,117 and 1,079,362 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
July 12, 2021, we entered into a clinical trial research agreement (the Clinical Trial Research Agreement with Applied
Biology, Inc. AB ). Under the Clinical Research Agreement, AB will design, manage and conduct a head-to-head study of JW-101
compared to EUCRISA (crisaborole ointment 2 for the treatment of Eczema (the Study ). An interim analysis is expected. 

As
previously reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2021, the Company, entered into a stock purchase
agreement (the Original Purchase Agreement ), which was later amended and restated (the Purchase Agreement ),
and reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022 (the January 13th Disclosure ), with
Next Frontier Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Next Frontier Pharmaceuticals ), a Delaware corporation, and certain of its affiliates
(the Next Frontier Affiliates , and together with Next Frontier Pharmaceuticals , the Next Frontier
Parties ), pursuant to which the Company planned to acquire Next Frontier Pharmaceuticals (the Acquisition ). The
Purchase Agreement contained conditions to close that were not met by the Next Frontier Parties, including delivery of financial statement.
As such, on February 17, 2022, without consummating the Acquisition, Next Frontier Pharmaceuticals delivered to the Company a letter
pursuant to which Next Frontier Pharmaceuticals terminated the Purchase Agreement (the Termination Date ). Considering the
aforementioned termination, the Company did not effectuate the Transactions, including the distribution of shares of SRM to the Company s
stockholders, as was contemplated in the Purchase Agreement and previously disclosed in the January 13th Disclosure. 

As
of the Termination Date, an indebtedness balance in an aggregate amount totaling 11.2 million, which was previously advanced by the
Company to the Next Frontier Parties under those certain Secured Promissory Note, dated December 8, 2021 (the December 2021 Note ),
and Secured Promissory Note, dated January 7, 2022 (the January 2022 Note, collectively with the December 2021 Note as
the NFP Notes ), is owed and outstanding. The December 2021 Note has a maturity date of June 8, 2022, and the January 2022
Note has a maturity date of July 7, 2022, or otherwise when due. In March 2022, the Company issued a Notice of Default on the NFP Notes.
As a result, the Company has determined that the NFP Notes have been impaired and has taken an impairment charge of 10,000,000 against
the 2021 earnings and 1,000,000 against the 2022 earnings. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Government
Regulation 

Since
1937, Cannabis sativa L. has been a federally regulated Schedule I drug under the Controlled Substances Act, 21 U.S.C. 811 (the
 CSA ), regulated by the Drug Enforcement Agency (the DEA ). 

It
was not until 2014 when a distinction between the use of Cannabis sativa L. for medical, recreational, and industrial purposes was made
via Section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014, which cleared a legal path for industrial hemp to be grown in three limited circumstances,
1) by researchers at an institute of higher education, 2) by state departments of agriculture, or 3) by farmers participating in a research
program permitted and overseen by a state department of agriculture. 

In
2016, the DEA, U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the FDA issued a joint statement detailing the guidelines for growth of industrial
hemp as part of state-sanctioned research programs. Those guidelines state that hemp can only be sold in states with pilot programs,
plants and seeds can only cross state lines as part of permitted state research programs, and seeds can only be imported by individuals
registered with the DEA. 

We
believe the passage of the Farm Bill will allow us to expand our marketplace opportunities. On December 20, 2018, President Donald J.
Trump signed into law the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, otherwise known as the Farm Bill . Prior to its passage,
hemp, a member of the cannabis family, and hemp-derived CBD were classified as a Schedule I controlled substances, and so were deemed
to be illegal under the CSA. With the passage of the Farm Bill, hemp cultivation is broadly permitted. The Farm Bill explicitly allows
the transfer of hemp-derived products across state lines for commercial or other purposes. It also puts no restrictions on the sale,
transport, or possession of hemp-derived products, so long as those items are produced in a manner consistent with the law. 

Under
Section 10113 of the Farm Bill, hemp cannot contain more than 0.3 percent THC. THC refers to the chemical compound found in cannabis
that produces the psychoactive high associated with cannabis. Any cannabis plant that contains more than 0.3 percent THC
would be considered non-hemp cannabis or marijuana under federal law and would thus face no legal protection under this new
legislation and would be an illegal Schedule 1 drug under the CSA. 

Additionally,
there will be significant, shared state-federal regulatory power over hemp cultivation and production. Under Section 10113 of the Farm
Bill, state departments of agriculture must consult with the state s governor and chief law enforcement officer to devise a plan
that must be submitted to the Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture or USDA. A state s plan to license and regulate
hemp can only commence once the Secretary of USDA approves that state s plan. In states opting not to devise a hemp regulatory
program, USDA will construct a regulatory program under which hemp cultivators in those states must apply for licenses and comply with
a federally run program. This system of shared regulatory programming is similar to options states had in other policy areas such as
health insurance marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act, or workplace safety plans under Occupational Health and Safety Act both
of which had federally-run systems for states opting not to set up their own systems. 

The
Farm Bill outlines actions that are considered violations of federal hemp law (including such activities as cultivating without a license
or producing cannabis with more than 0.3 THC). The Farm Bill details possible punishments for such violations, pathways for violators
to become compliant, and even which activities qualify as felonies under the law, such as repeat offenses. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

One
of the goals of the Agricultural Act of 2014 was to generate and protect research into hemp. The Farm Bill continues this effort. Section
7605 re-extends the protections for hemp research and the conditions under which such research can and should be conducted. Further,
section 7501 of the Farm Bill extends hemp research by including hemp under the Critical Agricultural Materials Act. This provision recognizes
the importance, diversity, and opportunity of the plant and the products that can be derived from it, but also recognizes that there
is still a lot to learn about hemp and its products from commercial and market perspectives. 

Our
products are tested each time they are manufactured. All contracted labs used by the Company to manufacture our products are compliant
with the FDA s Current Good Manufacturing Practice CGMP regulations in accordance with 21 CFR 210/211 (required
for Over-the-Counter drug products). Each of the Company s contracted Labs has self-imposed health and safety standards to ensure
compliance with the FDA s CGMPs. 

FDA
Regulation of Hemp Extracts 

The
FDA is generally responsible for protecting the public health by ensuring the safety, efficacy, and security of (1) prescription and
over the counter drugs; (2) biologics including vaccines, blood blood products, and cellular and gene therapies; (3) foodstuffs
including dietary supplements, bottled water, and baby formula; and, (4) medical devices including heart pacemakers, surgical implants,
prosthetics, and dental devices. 

Regarding
its regulation of drugs, the FDA process requires a review that begins with the filing of an investigational new drug (IND) application,
with follow-on clinical studies and clinical trials that the FDA uses to determine whether a drug is safe and effective, and therefore
subject to approval for human use by the FDA. 

Aside
from the FDA s mandate to regulate drugs, the FDA also regulates dietary supplement products and dietary ingredients under the
Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994. This law prohibits manufacturers and distributors of dietary supplements and dietary
ingredients from marketing products that are adulterated or misbranded. This means that these firms are responsible for evaluating the
safety and labeling of their products before marketing to ensure that they meet all the requirements of the law and FDA regulations,
including, but not limited to the following labeling requirements: (1) identifying the supplement; (2) nutrition labeling; (3) ingredient
labeling; (4) claims; and, (5) daily use information. 

The
FDA has not approved cannabis, marijuana, hemp or derivatives as a safe and effective drug for any indication. We may in the future file
an IND with the FDA for our JW-100 product in the event the pending provisional patent on an Aspartame/CBD combination is approved. As
of the date hereof, our products containing CBD derived from industrial hemp are not marketed or sold using claims that their use is
a safe and effective treatment for any medical condition subject to the FDA s jurisdiction. 

The
FDA has concluded that products containing cannabis or industrial hemp derived CBD are excluded from the dietary supplement definition
under sections 201(ff)(3)(B)(i) and (ii) of the U.S. Food, Drug Cosmetic Act, respectively. The FDA s position is that products
containing cannabis, CBD or derivatives are Schedule 1 drugs under the Controlled Substances Act, and so are illegal. Our products containing
CBD derived from industrial hemp are not marketed or sold as dietary supplements. However, at some indeterminate future time, the FDA
may choose to generally change its position concerning products containing hemp derived CBD, and may choose to enact regulations that
are applicable to such products. In this event, our industrial hemp based products containing CBD may be subject to regulation. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Some
of our products contain controlled substances as defined in the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). Controlled substances that are pharmaceutical
products are subject to a high degree of regulation under the CSA, which establishes, among other things, certain registration, manufacturing
quotas, security, recordkeeping, reporting, import, export and other requirements administered by the DEA. 

Despite
recent approvals by the FDA and DEA for a newly approved medication which contains cannabidiol (CBD), the scheduling of these substances,
many of which are beyond our control, could jeopardize our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and successfully market our products.
Any such setback in our pursuit of regulatory approval would have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

FDA
Regulation of CBD 

On
June 25th, 2018 the US Federal Drug Administration (FDA) approved Epidiolex. Epidiolex is the first and only FDA-approved prescription
cannabidiol (CBD). It is approved to treat seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS), Dravet syndrome, or tuberous sclerosis
complex (TSC) in patients 1 year of age and older. Accordingly, the FDA has designated CBD as a drug and the need for all marketed products
to follow FDA guidelines for safety and efficacy. It is not yet clear how this will affect thousands of CBD products already on the market
given the multitude of state and local regulations that cover this field. 

Recent Development 

On
June 4, 2021, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 258005) which was declared effective on June 21,
2021, for the sale or other disposition from time to time by the selling shareholders identified in the prospectus of up to 1,050,002
shares of Common Stock consisting of up to 525,001 Common Stock, at a 4.54 share price, which may be issued upon the conversion of convertible
promissory notes issued in May 2021, and up to 525,001 Common Stock, at a 6.00 share price, which may be issued upon the exercise of
outstanding warrants. 

Pursuant
to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 258005) which was declared effective on June 21, 2021 (the June Registration
Statement the Company undertook a firm commitment offering (the Offering of shares of our common stock Common
Stock ), par value 0.001 per share. With a combined public offering price of each share of Common Stock and Company Warrant (as
defined below) of 2.80, a total of 11,066,258 shares (the Company Offering Shares and 11,607,142 warrants (the Company
Warrants to purchase 11,607,142 shares were registered. In addition a total of 540,884 shares were offered by the Company selling
stockholder. As part of the compensation, the Company also issued 442,650 warrants to Aegis Capital Corp. to purchase 442,650 shares. 

On
January 20, 2022 the Company received a letter from Nasdaq stating that, because the Company made the Share Grants not pursuant to the
2021 Equity Plan despite them considered to be S-8 eligible, Nasdaq had determined that the Company did not comply with Listing Rule
5635(c). It was brought to our attention that 180,000 shares of common stock, out of the total 1,020,000 shares of common stock to consultants
(the Consulting Share Awards that were issued to three consultants, Greentree Financial (100,000 shares), Inc., L H
Inc. (20,000 shares), and Tee 2 Green Enterprises, Ltd. (60,000 shares), during the relevant period (the Share Grants ),
should have been issued pursuant to the 2021 Equity Plan because the Share Grants were considered to be S-8 eligible. As a result, the
inadvertent issuance of the Share Grants to the mentioned-above three consultants was not made in compliance with Listing Rule 5635(c).
The Company subsequently notified Nasdaq that the Board has approved the reallocation of the Share Grants to be accounted for as if they
were originally issued under the 2021 Equity Plan, and has made the corresponding change to the Company s books and records. However,
since the 2021 Equity Plan has previously been exercised in full, to allow for the reallocation of the Share Grants under the 2021 Equity
Plan, on January 17, 2022, the Board determined that 100,000 options that have previously been issued under the 2021 Equity Plan to Brian
John, and 100,000 options issued to Dr. Glynn Wilson be cancelled, a revocation to which Messrs. John and Wilson have agreed. Following
the remedial measures, on January 20, 2022 , the Company was informed that the Company has regained compliance with the Rule and that
this matter is now closed. 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the PIPE Agreement with certain purchasers,
for the issuance of 8,631,574 common stock warrants (the PIPE Offering at a price of 0.125 per warrant, comprised of
two common stock warrants (the Common Warrants, ), each to purchase up to one share of Common Stock per Common Warrant with
an exercise price of 1.00 per share , with (a) 4,315,787 Common Warrants being immediately exercisable for three years following 6 months
from the closing of the PIPE Offering, and (b) 4,315,787 Common Warrants being immediately exercisable for five years following 6 months
from the closing of the PIPE Offering. Concurrently to the PIPE Agreement, the Company entered into ot a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the RD Agreement with certain purchasers, pursuant to which on January 23, 2023, 4,315,787 shares of common stock, par
value 0.001 (the Common Stock ), at a price of 0.70 per share were issued to the purchasers (the RD Offering ).
The Common Stock was issued pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Commission on September 28, 2022 (File No. 333-267644) and declared effective on November 9, 2022. The aggregate
gross proceeds to the Company from both the PIPE Offering and the RD Offering were approximately 4.1 million, with the purchase price
of one share, one 3-year warrant and one 5-year warrant as 0.95. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

If
we are unable to keep up with rapid technological changes, our products may become obsolete. 

The
market for our products is characterized by significant and rapid change. Although we will continue to expand our product line capabilities
to remain competitive, research and discoveries by others may make our processes, products, or brands less attractive or even obsolete. 

Competition
could adversely affect our business. 

Our
industry in general is competitive. It is possible that future competitors could enter our market, thereby causing us to lose market
share and revenues. In addition, some of our current or future competitors may have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing,
and other resources than we do or may have more experience or advantages in the markets in which we will compete that will allow them
to offer lower prices or higher quality products. If we do not successfully compete with these competitors, we could fail to develop
market share and our future business prospects could be adversely affected. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

If
we are unable to develop and maintain our brand and reputation for our product offerings, our business and prospects could be materially
harmed. 

Our
business and prospects depend, in part, on developing and then maintaining and strengthening our brand and reputation in the markets
we serve. If problems with our products cause our customers to have a negative experience or failure or delay in the delivery of our
products to our customers, our brand and reputation could be diminished. If we fail to develop, promote and maintain our brand and reputation
successfully, our business and prospects could be materially harmed. 

We
are subject to government regulation, and unfavorable changes could substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing our industries in the U.S.
and other countries in which we operate. Uncertainty surrounding existing and future laws and regulations may impede our services and
increase the cost of providing such services. These regulations and laws may cover taxation, tariffs, user pricing, distribution, consumer
protection and the characteristics and quality of services. 

Existing
or probable governmental regulations relating to CBD products may harm or prevent our ability to sell our product offering. 

A
majority of state governments in the United States have legalized the growing, production, and use of CBD. However, cannabis remains
illegal under federal law. In addition, in July 2017, the United States Drug Enforcement Agency issued a statement that certain CBD extractions
fall within the definition of marijuana, and are therefore a Schedule I controlled substance under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970,
as amended. Thus, the cannabis industry, including companies which sell products containing CBD, faces very uncertain regulation by the
federal government. While the federal government has for several years chosen to not intervene in the cannabis business conducted legally
within the states that have legislated such activities, there is, nonetheless, potential that the federal government may at any time
choose to begin enforcing its laws against the manufacture, possession, or use of cannabis-based products such as CBD. Similarly, there
is the possibility that the federal government may enact legislation or rules that authorize the manufacturing, possession or use of
those products under specific guidelines. Local, state and federal cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving
interpretations. In the event the federal government was to tighten its regulation of the industry, we would likely suffer a material
adverse effect on our business, including substantial losses. 

Laws
and regulations affecting our industry are evolving under the Farm Bill, FDA and other regulatory authorities and changes to any regulation
may materially affect our CBD products 

In
conjunction with the enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (the Farm Bill ), the FDA released a statement
about the status of CBD as a nutritional supplement, and the agency s actions in the short term with regards to CBD will guide
the industry. While our sun care products are not nutritional supplements, the statement noted that the Farm Bill explicitly preserved
the FDA s authority to regulate products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act and Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. As a company whose sun care products contain infused CBD, we will strive to meet
all FDA guidelines as the regulations evolve. Any difficulties in compliance with future government regulation could increase our operating
costs and adversely impact our results of operations in future periods. 

In
addition, as a result of the Farm Bill s recent passage, we expect that there will be a constant evolution of laws and regulations
affecting the CBD industry which could affect our operations. Local, state and federal hemp laws and regulations may be broad in scope
and subject to changing interpretations. These changes may require us to incur substantial costs associated with legal and compliance
fees and ultimately require us to alter our business plan. Furthermore, violations of these laws, or alleged violations, could disrupt
our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we cannot predict the nature of any future laws,
regulations, interpretations or applications, and it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly
applicable to our business. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

We
do not currently believe that we are required to seek FDA approval for our sun care products, and as such we do not plan to seek FDA
approval. If regulation evolves such that we are required to seek approval, we will endeavor to do so. This may require us to incur substantial
costs associated with legal and compliance fees and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
depend heavily on key personnel, and turnover of key senior management could harm our business. 

Our
future business and results of operations depend in significant part upon the continued contributions of our senior management personnel.
If we lose their services or if they fail to perform in their current positions, or if we are not able to attract and retain skilled
personnel as needed, our business could suffer. Significant turnover in our senior management could significantly deplete our institutional
knowledge held by our existing senior management team. We depend on the skills and abilities of these key personnel in managing the product
acquisition, marketing and sales aspects of our business, any part of which could be harmed by turnover in the future. We may not have
written employment agreements with all of our senior management. We do not have any key person insurance. 

Our
products may not meet health and safety standards or could become contaminated. 

We
do not have control over all of the third parties involved in the manufacturing of our products and their compliance with government
health and safety standards. Even if our products meet these standards, they could otherwise become contaminated. A failure to meet these
standards or contamination could occur in our operations or those of our manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. This could result
in expensive production interruptions, recalls and liability claims. Moreover, negative publicity could be generated from false, unfounded
or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. Any of these failures or occurrences could negatively affect our business and financial
performance. 

The
sale of our products involves product liability and related risks that could expose us to significant insurance and loss expenses. 

We
face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results in, or is believed to have resulted
in, illness or injury. Our products contain combinations of ingredients, and there is little long-term experience with the effect of
these combinations. In addition, interactions of these products with other products, prescription medicines and over-the-counter treatments
have not been fully explored or understood and may have unintended consequences. 

Any
product liability claim may increase our costs and adversely affect our revenue and operating income. Moreover, liability claims arising
from a serious adverse event may increase our costs through higher insurance premiums and deductibles and may make it more difficult
to secure adequate insurance coverage in the future. In addition, our product liability insurance may fail to cover future product liability
claims, which, if adversely determined, could subject us to substantial monetary damages. 

The
success of our business will depend upon our ability to create and expand our brand awareness. 

The
sun care and CBD markets we compete in, and the skin care market we intend to compete in, are highly competitive, with many well-known
brands leading the industry. Our ability to compete effectively and generate revenue will be based upon our ability to create and expand
awareness of our products distinct from those of our competitors. It is imperative that we are able to convey to consumers the benefits
of our products. However, advertising and packaging and labeling of such products will be limited by various regulations. Our success
will be dependent upon our ability to convey to consumers that our products are superior to those of our competitors. 

We
must develop and introduce new products to succeed. 

Our
industry is subject to rapid change. New products are constantly introduced to the market. Our ability to remain competitive depends
in part on our ability to enhance existing products, to develop and manufacture new products in a timely and cost-effective manner, to
accurately predict market transitions, and to effectively market our products. Our future financial results will depend to a great extent
on the successful introduction of several new products. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in selecting, developing, manufacturing
and marketing new products or in enhancing existing products. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

The
success of new product introductions depends on various factors, including, without limitation, the following: 

Successful sales and marketing efforts; 

Timely delivery of new products; 

Availability of raw materials; 

Pricing of raw materials; 

Regulatory allowance of the products; and 

Customer acceptance of new products 

Possible
yet unanticipated changes in federal and state law could cause any of our current products, as well as products that we intend to launch,
containing hemp-derived CBD oil to be illegal, or could otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict any of our products containing CBD. 

We
recently launched and commenced distribution of certain products containing hemp-derived CBD, and we currently intend to develop and
launch additional products containing hemp-derived CBD in the future. Until 2014, when 7 U.S. Code 5940 became federal law as part
of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Act ), products containing oils derived from hemp, notwithstanding a minimal
or non-existing THC content, were classified as Schedule I illegal drugs. The 2014 Farm Act expired on September 30, 2018, and was thereafter
replaced by the Farm Bill, which amended various sections of the U.S. Code, thereby removing hemp, defined as cannabis with less than
0.3 THC, from Schedule 1 status under the Controlled Substances Act, and legalizing the cultivation and sale of industrial-hemp at the
federal level, subject to compliance with certain federal requirements and state law, amongst other things. THC is the psychoactive component
of plants in the cannabis family generally identified as marihuana or marijuana. There is no assurance that the Farm Bill will not be
repealed or amended such that our products containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under federal law. 

The
Farm Bill delegates the authority to the states to regulate and limit the production of hemp and hemp-derived products within their territories.
Although many states have adopted laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale of hemp and hemp-derived products under
certain circumstances, no assurance can be given that such state laws may not be repealed or amended such that our intended products
containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under the laws of one or more states now permitting such products, which
in turn would render such intended products illegal in those states under federal law even if the federal law is unchanged. In the event
of either repeal of federal or of state laws and regulations, or of amendments thereto that are adverse to our intended products, we
may be restricted or limited with respect to those products that we may sell or distribute, which could adversely impact our intended
business plan with respect to such intended products. 

Additionally,
the FDA has indicated its view that certain types of products containing CBD may not be permissible under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act, or FDCA. The FDA s position is related to its approval of Epidiolex, a marijuana-derived prescription medicine to be available
in the United States. The active ingredient in Epidiolex is CBD. On December 20, 2018, after the passage of the Farm Bill, FDA Commissioner
Scott Gottlieb issued a statement in which he reiterated the FDA s position that, among other things, the FDA requires a cannabis
product (hemp-derived or otherwise) that is marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit, or with any other disease claim, to be approved
by the FDA for its intended use before it may be introduced into interstate commerce and that the FDCA prohibits introducing into interstate
commerce food products containing added CBD, and marketing products containing CBD as a dietary supplement, regardless of whether the
substances are hemp-derived. Our CBD product offerings must comply with applicable federal and state laws and regulations, and legal
proceedings alleging violations of such laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Sources
of hemp-derived CBD depend upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing and sales of products derived from those plants under
state law. 

Hemp-derived
CBD can only be legally produced in states that have laws and regulations that allow for such production and that comply with the Farm
Bill, apart from state laws legalizing and regulating medical and recreational cannabis or marijuana, which remains illegal under federal
law and regulations. We purchase all of our hemp-derived CBD from licensed growers and processors in states where such production is
legal. As described in the risk factor, possible yet unanticipated changes in federal and state law could cause any of our current products,
as well as products that we intend to launch, containing hemp-derived CBD oil to be illegal, or could otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict
any of our products containing CBD in the event of repeal or amendment of laws and regulations which are now favorable to the cannabis/hemp
industry in such states, we would be required to locate new suppliers in states with laws and regulations that qualify under the Farm
Bill. If we were to be unsuccessful in arranging new sources of supply of our raw ingredients, or if our raw ingredients were to become
legally unavailable, our intended business plan with respect to such products could be adversely impacted. 

Because
our distributors may only sell and ship our products containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations qualifying
under the Farm Bill, a reduction in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit, restrict or otherwise
preclude the sale of intended products containing hemp-derived CBD. 

The
interstate shipment of hemp-derived CBD from one state to another is legal only where both states have laws and regulations that allow
for the production and sale of such products and that qualify under the Farm Bill. Therefore, the marketing and sale of our intended
products containing hemp-derived CBD is limited by such factors and is restricted to such states. Although we believe we may lawfully
sell any of our finished products, including those containing CBD, in a majority of states, a repeal or adverse amendment of laws and
regulations that are now favorable to the distribution, marketing and sale of finished products we intend to sell could significantly
limit, restrict or prevent us from generating revenue related to our products that contain hemp-derived CBD. Any such repeal or adverse
amendment of now favorable laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our business plan with respect to such products. 

Due
to recent expansion into the CBD industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate
our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability. 

Insurance
that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officer s insurance, may become more difficult
for us to find, and more expensive, due to our launch of products containing hemp-derived CBD. There are no guarantees that we will be
able to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to go without such insurances,
it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us to additional risk and financial
liabilities. 

Adverse
publicity associated with our products or ingredients, or those of similar companies, could adversely affect our sales and revenue. 

Adverse
publicity concerning any actual or purported failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations regarding any aspect of our
business could have an adverse effect on the public perception of us. This, in turn, could negatively affect our ability to obtain financing,
endorsers and attract distributors or retailers for our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate
sales and revenue. 

Our
distributors and customers perception of the safety and quality of our products or even similar products distributed by
others can be significantly influenced by national media attention, publicized scientific research or findings, product liability claims
and other publicity concerning our products or similar products distributed by others. Adverse publicity, whether or not accurate, that
associates consumption of our products or any similar products with illness or other adverse effects, will likely diminish the public s
perception of our products. Claims that any products are ineffective, inappropriately labeled or have inaccurate instructions as to their
use, could have a material adverse effect on the market demand for our products, including reducing our sales and revenue. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

We
do not have and may never have any products on the market that have been approved for the treatment of disease. Our business is highly
dependent upon receiving approvals from various U.S. and international governmental agencies and will be severely harmed if we are not
granted approval to manufacture and sell our product candidates. 

In
order for us to commercialize a product for the treatment of any disease, we must obtain regulatory approvals of such treatment for that
indication. Satisfying regulatory requirements is an expensive process that typically takes many years and involves compliance with requirements
covering research and development, testing, manufacturing, quality control, labeling, and promotion of drugs for human use. To obtain
necessary regulatory approvals, we must, among other requirements, complete clinical trials demonstrating that our products are safe
and effective for a particular indication. There can be no assurance that our products will prove to be safe and effective, that our
clinical trials will demonstrate the necessary safety and effectiveness of our product candidates, or that we will succeed in obtaining
regulatory approval for any treatment we develop even if such safety and effectiveness are demonstrated. 

Any
delays or difficulties we encounter in our clinical trials may delay or preclude regulatory approval from the FDA or from international
regulatory organizations. Any delay or preclusion of regulatory approval would be expected to delay or preclude the commercialization
of our products. Examples of delays or difficulties that we may encounter in our clinical trials include without limitation the following: 

Clinical
 trials may not yield sufficiently conclusive results for regulatory agencies to approve the use of our products; 

Our
 products may fail to be more effective than current therapies, or to be effective at all; 

We
 may discover that our products have adverse side effects, which could cause our products to be delayed or precluded from receiving
 regulatory approval or otherwise expose us to significant commercial and legal risks; 

It
 may take longer than expected to determine whether or not a treatment is effective; 

Patients
 involved in our clinical trials may suffer severe adverse side effects even up to death, whether as a result of treatment with our
 products, the withholding of such treatment, or other reasons (whether within or outside of our control); 

We
 may fail to be able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials; 

Patients
 enrolled in our clinical trials may not have the characteristics necessary to obtain regulatory approval for a particular indication
 or patient population; 

We
 may be unable to produce sufficient quantities of product to complete the clinical trials; 

Even
 if we are successful in our clinical trials, any required governmental approvals may still not be obtained or, if obtained, may not
 be maintained; 

If
 approval for commercialization is granted, it is possible the authorized use will be more limited than is necessary for commercial
 success, or that approval may be conditioned on completion of further clinical trials or other activities, which will cause a substantial
 increase in costs and which we might not succeed in performing or completing; and 

If
 granted, approval may be withdrawn or limited if problems with our products emerge or are suggested by the data arising from their
 use or if there is a change in law or regulation. 

Any
success we may achieve at a given stage of our clinical trials does not guarantee that we will achieve success at any subsequent stage,
including without limitation final FDA approval. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

We
may encounter delays or rejections in the regulatory approval process because of additional government regulation resulting from future
legislation or administrative action, or from changes in the policies of the FDA or other regulatory bodies during the period of product
development, clinical trials, or regulatory review. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements may result in criminal
prosecution, civil penalties, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, or an injunction preventing certain
activity, as well as other regulatory action against our product candidates or us. We have no experience in successfully obtaining regulatory
approval for a product and thus may be poorly equipped to gauge, and may prove unable to manage, risks relating to obtaining such approval. 

Outside
the U.S., our ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving clearances from appropriate non-U.S. regulatory authorities. Non-U.S.
regulatory approval typically includes all of the risks associated with FDA clearance discussed above as well as geopolitical uncertainties
and the additional uncertainties and potential prejudices faced by U.S. pharmaceutical companies conducting business abroad. In certain
cases, pricing restrictions and practices can make achieving even limited profitability very difficult. 

We
have limited experience in completing regulatory filings and any delays in regulatory filings could materially affect our financial condition. 

We
are currently initiating clinical trials of our product candidates. We have not, however, demonstrated the ability to obtain marketing
approvals, manufacture product candidates at a commercial scale, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for the successful
commercialization of a product. Consequently, we have no historical basis as a company by which one can evaluate or predict reliably
our future success or viability. 

Additionally,
while our team has experience at prior companies with regulatory filings, we have limited experience with regulatory filings with agencies
such as the FDA or the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and will rely on third-party expertise for this. Any delay in our regulatory
filings for our product candidates, and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory
authority s review of such filings, including, without limitation, the FDA s issuance of a refuse to file letter
or a request for additional information, could materially affect our financial condition. 

If
serious adverse or undesirable side effects are identified during the development of our product candidates, we may abandon or limit
our development or commercialization of such product candidates. 

If
our product candidates are associated with undesirable side effects or have unexpected characteristics, we may need to abandon their
development or limit development to certain uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are
less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. 

If
we elect or are forced to suspend or terminate any clinical trial with one of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of such
product candidate will be harmed, and our ability to generate revenue from such product candidate will be delayed or eliminated. Any
of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 

With
regard to our lead product candidates, unforeseen side effects could arise either during clinical development or, if approved, after
products have been marketed. This could cause regulatory approvals for, or market acceptance of our products harder and costlier to obtain. 

The
results of our planned or any future clinical trials may show that the side effects are unacceptable or intolerable, which could interrupt,
delay or halt clinical trials, and result in delay of, or failure to obtain, marketing approval from the FDA or EMA and other regulatory
authorities, or result in marketing approval from the FDA or EMA and other regulatory authorities with restrictive label warnings. 

If
any product receives marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by the use of
the products: 

regulatory
 authorities may withdraw their approval of the product, which would force us to remove products from the market; 

regulatory
 authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, a contraindication, or field alerts to physicians
 and pharmacies; 

we
 may be required to change instructions regarding the way the product is administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change
 the labeling of the product; 

we
 may be subject to limitations on how we may promote the product; 

sales
 of the product may decrease significantly; 

we
 may be subject to litigation or product liability claims; and 

our
 reputation may suffer. 

Any
of these events could prevent us or our potential future collaborators from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of our products
and/or could substantially increase commercialization costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant
revenues from the sale of those products. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

If
we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of subjects to our clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals
could be delayed or prevented, which could materially affect our financial condition. 

Identifying,
screening and enrolling patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success, and we may not
be able to identify, recruit, enroll and dose a sufficient number of patients with the required or desired characteristics to complete
our clinical trials in a timely manner. The timing of our clinical trials depends on our ability to recruit patients to participate as
well as to subsequently dose these patients and complete required follow-up periods. In particular, because our planned clinical trials
may be focused on indications with relatively small patient populations, our ability to enroll eligible patients may be limited or may
result in slower enrollment than we anticipate. 

In
addition, we may experience enrollment delays related to increased or unforeseen regulatory, legal and logistical requirements at certain
clinical trial sites. These delays could be caused by reviews by regulatory authorities and contractual discussions with individual clinical
trial sites. Any delays in enrolling and/or dosing patients in our planned clinical trials could result in increased costs, delays in
advancing our product candidates, delays in testing the effectiveness of our product candidates or in termination of the clinical trials
altogether. 

Patient
enrollment may be affected if our competitors have ongoing clinical trials with products for the same indications as our product candidates,
and patients who would otherwise be eligible for our clinical trials instead enroll in our competitors clinical trials. Patient
enrollment may also be affected by other factors, including: 

coordination
 with clinical research organizations to enroll and administer the clinical trials; 

coordination
 and recruitment of collaborators and investigators at individual sites; 

size
 of the patient population and process for identifying patients; 

design
 of the clinical trial protocol; 

eligibility
 and exclusion criteria; 

perceived
 risks and benefits of the product candidates under study; 

availability
 of competing commercially available therapies and other competing products clinical trials; 

time
 of year in which the trials are initiated or conducted; 

severity
 of the diseases under investigation; 

ability
 to obtain and maintain subject consents; 

ability
 to enroll and treat patients in a timely manner; 

risk
 that enrolled subjects will drop out before completion of the trials; 

proximity
 and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; 

ability
 to monitor subjects adequately during and after treatment; and 

patient
 referral practices of physicians. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Our
inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for clinical trials would result in significant delays and could require us to abandon
one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays in these clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our
product candidates, which could materially affect our financial condition. 

If
we or our licensees, development collaborators, or suppliers are unable to manufacture our products in sufficient quantities or at defined
quality specifications, or are unable to obtain regulatory approvals for the manufacturing facility, we may be unable to develop or meet
demand for our products and lose time to market and potential revenues. 

Completion
of our clinical trials and commercialization of our product candidates require access to, or development of, facilities to manufacture
a sufficient supply of our product candidates. We intend to utilize third parties to manufacture our products. 

In
the future we may become unable, for various reasons, to rely on our sources for the manufacture of our product candidates, either for
clinical trials or, at some future date, for commercial distribution. We may not be successful in identifying additional or replacement
third-party manufacturers, or in negotiating acceptable terms with any we do identify. We may face competition for access to these manufacturers 
facilities and may be subject to manufacturing delays if the manufacturers give other clients higher priority than they give to us. Even
if we are able to identify an additional or replacement third-party manufacturer, the delays and costs associated with establishing and
maintaining a relationship with such manufacturer may have a material adverse effect on us. 

Before
we can begin to commercially manufacture any product candidate, we must obtain regulatory approval of the manufacturing facility and
process. Manufacturing of drugs for clinical and commercial purposes must comply with current Good Manufacturing Practices requirements,
commonly known as cGMP. The cGMP requirements govern quality control and documentation policies and procedures. Complying
with cGMP and non-U.S. regulatory requirements will require that we expend time, money, and effort in production, recordkeeping, and
quality control to ensure that the product meets applicable specifications and other requirements. We, or our contracted manufacturing
facility, must also pass a pre-approval inspection prior to FDA approval. Failure to pass a pre-approval inspection may significantly
delay or prevent FDA approval of our products. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we would be subject to possible regulatory
action and may be limited in the jurisdictions in which we are permitted to sell our products and will lose time to market and potential
revenues. 

It
is uncertain whether product liability insurance will be adequate to address product liability claims, or that insurance against such
claims will be affordable or available on acceptable terms in the future. 

Clinical
research involves the testing of new drugs on human volunteers pursuant to a clinical trial protocol. Such testing involves a risk of
liability for personal injury to or death of patients due to, among other causes, adverse side effects, improper administration of the
new drug, or improper volunteer behavior. Claims may arise from patients, clinical trial volunteers, consumers, physicians, hospitals,
companies, institutions, researchers, or others using, selling, or buying our products, as well as from governmental bodies. In addition,
product liability and related risks are likely to increase over time, in particular upon the commercialization or marketing of any products
by us or parties with which we enter into development, marketing, or distribution collaborations. Although we are contracting for general
liability insurance in connection with our ongoing business, there can be no assurance that the amount and scope of such insurance coverage
will be appropriate and sufficient in the event any claims arise, that we will be able to secure additional coverage should we attempt
to do so, or that our insurers would not contest or refuse any attempt by us to collect on such insurance policies. Furthermore, there
can be no assurance that suitable product liability insurance (at the clinical stage and/or commercial stage) will continue to be available
on terms acceptable to us or at all, or that, if obtained, the insurance coverage will be appropriate and sufficient to cover any potential
claims or liabilities. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

If
the market opportunities for our current and potential future drug candidates are smaller than we believe they are, our ability to generate
product revenues may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 

Our
understanding of the number of people who suffer from dermatitis or eczema, whom our products may have the potential to treat, is based
upon estimates. These estimates may prove to be incorrect, and new studies may demonstrate or suggest a lower estimated incidence or
prevalence of this condition. The number of patients in the U.S. or elsewhere may turn out to be lower than expected, may not be otherwise
amenable to treatment, or treatment-amenable patients may become increasingly difficult to identify and access, all of which would adversely
affect our business prospects and financial condition. In particular, the treatable population for our products may further be reduced
if our estimates of addressable populations are erroneous or sub-populations of patients do not derive benefit from those products. 

If
we are unable to establish relationships with licensees or collaborators to carry out sales, marketing, and distribution functions or
to create effective marketing, sales, and distribution capabilities, we will be unable to market our products successfully. 

Our
business strategy may include out-licensing product candidates to or collaborating with larger firms with experience in marketing and
selling pharmaceutical products. There can be no assurance that we will successfully be able to establish marketing, sales, or distribution
relationships with any third-party, that such relationships, if established, will be successful, or that we will be successful in gaining
market acceptance for any products we might develop. To the extent that we enter into any marketing, sales, or distribution arrangements
with third parties, our product revenues per unit sold are expected to be lower than if we marketed, sold, and distributed our products
directly, and any revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties. 

If
we are unable to establish such third-party marketing and sales relationships, or choose not to do so, we would have to establish in-house
marketing and sales capabilities. To market any products directly, we would have to establish a marketing, sales, and distribution force
that has technical expertise and could support a distribution capability. Competition in the biopharmaceutical industry for technically
proficient marketing, sales, and distribution personnel is intense and attracting and retaining such personnel may significantly increase
our costs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to establish internal marketing, sales, or distribution capabilities or that
these capabilities will be sufficient to meet our needs. 

Commercial
success of our non-OTC product candidates will depend on the acceptance of these products by physicians, payers, and patients. 

Any
non-OTC product candidate that we may develop may not gain market acceptance among physicians and patients. Market acceptance of and
demand for any non-OTC product that we may develop will depend on many factors, including without limitation: 

Comparative
 superiority of the effectiveness and safety in the treatment of the disease indication compared to alternative treatments; 

Less
 prevalence and severity of adverse side effects; 

Potential
 advantages over alternative treatments; 

Cost
 effectiveness; 

Convenience
 and ease of administration; 

Sufficient
 third-party coverage and/or reimbursement; 

Strength
 of sales, marketing and distribution support; and 

Our
 ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy. 

If
any non-OTC product candidate developed by us receives regulatory approval but does not achieve an adequate level of market acceptance
by physicians, payers, and patients, we may generate insufficient, little, or no product revenue and may not become profitable. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition, pandemics, including the novel coronavirus, COVID-19, could decrease consumer spending and adversely affect demand for our
products. 

Our
non-OTC products may not be accepted for reimbursement or properly reimbursed by third-party payers. 

The
successful commercialization of any non-OTC products we might develop will depend substantially on whether the costs of our non-OTC products
and related treatments are reimbursed at acceptable levels by government authorities, private healthcare insurers, and other third-party
payers, such as health maintenance organizations. Reimbursement rates may vary, depending upon the third-party payer, the type of insurance
plan, and other similar or dissimilar factors. If our non-OTC products do not achieve adequate reimbursement, then the number of physician
prescriptions of our products may not be sufficient to make our non-OTC products profitable. 

Comparative
effectiveness research demonstrating benefits of a competitor s non-OTC product could adversely affect the sales of our non-OTC
product candidates. If third-party payers do not consider our products to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they
may not cover our products as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell
our non-OTC products on a profitable basis. 

Adequate
third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our
investment in the product development of that non-OTC product. In addition, in the U.S. there is a growing emphasis on comparative effectiveness
research, both by private payers and by government agencies. To the extent other drugs or therapies are found to be more effective than
our non-OTC products, payers may elect to cover such therapies in lieu of our products or reimburse our non-OTC products at a lower rate. 

The
effects of economic and political pressure to lower pharmaceutical prices are a major threat to the economic viability of new research-based
pharmaceutical products, and any development along these lines could materially and adversely affect our prospects. 

Emphasis
on managed care in the U.S. has increased and we expect this will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage
policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained
for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented
in the future. 

Any
development along these lines could materially and adversely affect our prospects. We are unable to predict what legislative or regulatory
changes relating to the healthcare industry, including without limitation any changes affecting governmental and/or private or third-party
coverage and reimbursement, may be enacted in the future, or what effect such legislative or regulatory changes would have on our business. 

If
we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates, we will be subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws; these
laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and education programs. Fraud and abuse laws are expected to increase
in breadth and in detail, which will likely increase our operating costs and the complexity of our programs to insure compliance with
such enhanced laws. 

If
we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the U.S., our operations may be
directly, or indirectly through our customers, distributors, or other business partners, subject to various federal and state fraud and
abuse laws, including, without limitation, anti-kickback statutes and false claims statutes which may increase our operating costs. These
laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and education programs. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state fraud and abuse laws or any other governmental regulations
that apply to us, we may be subject to criminal actions and significant civil monetary penalties, which would adversely affect our ability
to operate our business and our results of operations. 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, anti-kickback
statutes and false claims statutes or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including
criminal and significant civil monetary penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare
programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business
and our results of operations. To the extent that any of our product candidates are ultimately sold in a foreign country, we may be subject
to similar foreign laws and regulations, which may include, for instance, applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety surveillance,
anti-fraud and abuse laws, and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or transfers of value to healthcare
professionals. 

We
face business disruption and related risks resulting from the recent pandemic of COVID-19, which could have, and has had, a material
adverse effect on our business plan. 

Our supply chain and the development
of our product candidates, including that of our subsidiaries, could be, and have been, disrupted and materially adversely affected by
the recent outbreak of COVID-19. As a result of measures imposed by the governments in affected regions, businesses and schools have been
suspended due to quarantines intended to contain this outbreak. We are still assessing our business plans and the impact COVID-19 may
have on our supply chain and ability to conduct our clinical trials, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to
avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally.
The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and global efforts to contain its spread will impact our operations will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, and include the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic and the
actions taken to contain or treat the COVID-19 pandemic. Our subsidiary SRM, was materially adversely affected by COVID-19 and its impact
on the amusement park industry. SRM s sales to amusement parks materially decreased during 2021 and 2020. SRM s revenue for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 was 7,046,073 and were reduced to 2,958,199 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and
further reduced to 2,876,273 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was a result of the closing of amusement and theme parks in
2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We generated 6,196,743 in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,876,273
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. The large increase is due to the Company having more nominal-like operations during 2022.
In 2021 and 2020, Covid had a negative impact on the revenues of the Company with the closure of amusement and theme parks which were
not fully open until the end of 2021. 

Natural
disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us. 

Natural
disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global economy,
and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power
shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services
to our customers and could decrease demand for our services. The World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic.
The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the
duration and spread of the outbreak, the impact on our customers and employees, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. At
this point, the overall extent to which COVID-19 may impact our financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

We
have a limited operating history upon which investors can evaluate our future prospects. 

We
have a limited operating history upon which an evaluation of its business plan or performance and prospects can be made. The business
and prospects of the Company must be considered in the light of the potential problems, delays, uncertainties and complications encountered
in connection with a newly established business and new industry. The risks include, but are not limited to, the possibility that we
will not be able to develop functional and scalable products and services, or that although functional and scalable, our products and
services will not be economical to market; that our competitors hold proprietary rights that preclude us from marketing such products;
that our competitors market a superior or equivalent product; that we are not able to upgrade and enhance our technologies and products
to accommodate new features and expanded service offerings; or the failure to receive necessary regulatory clearances for our products.
To successfully introduce and market our products at a profit, we must establish brand name recognition and competitive advantages for
our products. There are no assurances that we can successfully address these challenges. If it is unsuccessful, we and our business,
financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

The
current and future expense levels are based largely on estimates of planned operations and future revenues rather than experience. It
is difficult to accurately forecast future revenues because our business is new and our market has not been developed. If our forecasts
prove incorrect, the business, operating results and financial condition of the Company may be materially and adversely affected. Moreover,
we may be unable to adjust our spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unanticipated reduction in revenues. As a result, any
significant reduction in revenues may immediately and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
may not meet our product development and commercialization milestones. 

We
have established milestones, based upon our expectations regarding our technologies at that time, which we use to assess our progress
toward developing our products. These milestones relate to technology and design improvements as well as dates for achieving development
goals. If our products exhibit technical defects or are unable to meet cost or performance goals, our commercialization schedule could
be delayed and potential purchasers of our initial commercial products may decline to purchase such products or may opt to pursue alternative
products. 

We
may also experience shortages equipment due to manufacturing difficulties. Multiple suppliers provide the components used in manufacturing
our products. Our manufacturing operations could be disrupted by fire, earthquake or other natural disaster, a labor-related disruption,
failure in supply or other logistical channels, electrical outages or other reasons. If there were a disruption to manufacturing facilities,
we would be unable to manufacture until we have restored and re-qualified our manufacturing capability or developed alternative manufacturing
facilities. 

Our
operations in international markets involve inherent risks that we may not be able to control. 

Our
business plan includes the marketing and sale of our proposed products in international markets. Accordingly, our results could be materially
and adversely affected by a variety of uncontrollable and changing factors relating to international business operations, including: 

Macroeconomic
 conditions adversely affecting geographies where we intend to do business; 

Foreign
 currency exchange rates; 

Political
 or social unrest or economic instability in a specific country or region; 

Higher
 costs of doing business in foreign countries; 

Infringement
 claims on foreign patents, copyrights or trademark rights; 

Difficulties
 in staffing and managing operations across disparate geographic areas; 

Difficulties
 associated with enforcing agreements and intellectual property rights through foreign legal systems; 

Trade
 protection measures and other regulatory requirements, which affect our ability to import or export our products from or to various
 countries; 

Adverse
 tax consequences; 

Unexpected
 changes in legal and regulatory requirements; 

Military
 conflict, terrorist activities, natural disasters and medical epidemics; and 

Our
 ability to recruit and retain channel partners in foreign jurisdictions. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to our Financial Position and Capital Needs 

Our
accountant has indicated doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had 1,931,068 in cash, accumulated deficit of 50,597,674 and cash flow used in operations of 6,395,942. The Company has incurred and
expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its expansion and development plans. These conditions raise doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern and accordingly our auditors have included a going concern opinion in our annual
report. Management has taken certain action and continues to implement changes designed to improve the Company s financial results
and operating cash flows. The actions involve certain cost-saving initiatives and growing strategies, including (a) engage in very limited
activities without incurring any liabilities that must be satisfied in cash; and (b) offer noncash consideration and seek for equity lines
as a means of financing its operations. Additionally, the Company s plan includes certain scheduled research and development activities
and related clinical trials which may be deferred as needed. If the Company is unable to obtain revenue producing contracts or financing
or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur, it may substantially curtail
its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances, acquisitions or other arrangements that may dilute the
interests of existing stockholders. 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our
technologies or other assets. 

We
may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and
alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities,
existing ownership interests will be diluted and the terms of such financings may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely
affect the rights of existing stockholders. Debt financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants to purchase shares,
which could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased
fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional
debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely
impact our ability to conduct our business and may result in liens being placed on our assets and intellectual property. If we were to
default on such indebtedness, we could lose such assets and intellectual property. 

Our
potential for rapid growth and our entry into new markets make it difficult for us to evaluate our current and future business prospects,
and we may be unable to effectively manage any growth associated with these new markets, which may increase the risk of your investment
and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

Our
proliferation into new markets may place a significant strain on our resources and increase demands on our executive management, personnel
and systems, and our operational, administrative and financial resources may be inadequate. We may also not be able to effectively manage
any expanded operations, or achieve planned growth on a timely or profitable basis, particularly if the number of customers using our
technology significantly increases or their demands and needs change as our business expands. If we are unable to manage expanded operations
effectively, we may experience operating inefficiencies, the quality of our products and services could deteriorate, and our business
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Changes
in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect our effective income tax rate and ability to achieve profitability. 

Our
effective income tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by a number of factors including changes in the mix of earnings in
countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax laws.
We regularly assess all of these matters to determine the adequacy of our tax provision which is subject to discretion. If our assessments
are incorrect, it could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. There can be no assurance that income tax laws
and administrative policies with respect to the income tax consequences generally applicable to us or to our subsidiaries will not be
changed in a manner which adversely affects our shareholders. 

Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property 

We
may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. 

A
third party may sue us or one of our strategic collaborators for infringing its intellectual property rights. Likewise, we may need to
resort to litigation to enforce licensed rights or to determine the scope and validity of third-party intellectual property rights. 

The
cost to us of any litigation or other proceeding relating to intellectual property rights, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial,
and the litigation would divert our efforts. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more
effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. If we do not prevail in this type of litigation, we or our
strategic collaborators may be required to pay monetary damages; stop commercial activities relating to the affected products or services;
obtain a license in order to continue manufacturing or marketing the affected products or services; or attempt to compete in the market
with a substantially similar product. 

Uncertainties
resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could limit our ability to continue some of our operations. In addition,
a court may require that we pay expenses or damages, and litigation could disrupt our commercial activities. 

Any
inability to protect our intellectual property rights could reduce the value of our products and brands, which could adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations and business. 

Our
business is partly dependent upon our trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. Effective intellectual
property rights protection, however, may not be available under the laws of every country in which we and our sub-licensees may operate.
There is a risk of certain valuable trade secrets, beyond what is described publicly in patents, being exposed to potential infringers.
Regardless of our technology being protected by patents or otherwise, there is a risk that other companies may employ the technology
without authorization and without recompensing us. 

The
efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual
property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. In addition, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly
and time consuming. There is a risk that we may have insufficient resources to counter adequately such infringements through negotiation
or the use of legal remedies. It may not be practicable or cost effective for us to fully protect our intellectual property rights in
some countries or jurisdictions. If we are unable to successfully identify and stop unauthorized use of our intellectual property, we
could lose potential revenue and experience increased operational and enforcement costs, which could adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations and business. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

The
intellectual property behind our products may include unpublished know-how as well as existing and pending intellectual property protection.
All intellectual property protection eventually expires, and unpublished know-how is dependent on key individuals. 

The
commercialization of our licensed products is partially dependent upon know-how and trade secrets held by certain individuals working
with and for us. Because the expertise runs deep in these few individuals, if something were to happen to any or all of them, the ability
to properly manufacture our products without compromising quality and performance could be diminished greatly. 

Knowledge
published in the form of any future intellectual property has finite protection, as all patents and trademarks have a limited life and
an expiration date. While continuous efforts will be made to apply for patents and trademarks if appropriate, there is no guarantee that
additional patents or trademarks will be granted. The expiration of patents and trademarks relating to our products may hinder our ability
to sub-license or sell our products for a long period of time without the development of a more complex licensing strategy. 

If
we are not able to adequately protect our intellectual property, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and we may not be profitable. 

Our
existing proprietary rights may not afford remedies and protections necessary to prevent infringement, reformulation, theft, misappropriation
and other improper use of our products by competitors. We own the formulations contained in our products and we consider these product
formulations to be our critical proprietary property, which must be protected from competitors. Although trade secret, trademark, copyright
and patent laws generally provide a certain level of protection, and we attempt to protect ourselves through contracts with manufacturers
of our products, we may not be successful in enforcing our rights. In addition, enforcement of our proprietary rights may require lengthy
and expensive litigation. We have attempted to protect some of the trade names and trademarks used for our products by registering them
with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, but we must rely on common law trademark rights to protect our unregistered trademarks. Common
law trademark rights do not provide the same remedies as are granted to federally registered trademarks, and the rights of a common law
trademark are limited to the geographic area in which the trademark is actually used. Our inability to protect our intellectual property
could have a material adverse impact on our ability to compete and could make it difficult for us to achieve a profit. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities and Other Risks 

We
are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We cannot predict whether
investors will find our common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage
our business, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 

We
are required to comply with various regulatory and reporting requirements, including those required by the SEC. Complying with these
reporting and other regulatory requirements is time-consuming and results in increased costs to us and could have a negative effect on
our results of operations, financial condition or business. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the Exchange
Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources. The Exchange
Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. To maintain
and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, we will need to commit significant resources, hire additional
staff and provide additional management oversight. We will be implementing additional procedures and processes for the purpose of addressing
the standards and requirements applicable to public companies. Sustaining our growth also will require us to commit additional management,
operational and financial resources to identify new professionals to join our firm and to maintain appropriate operational and financial
systems to adequately support expansion. These activities may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or business. 

As
an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain temporary exemptions from
various reporting requirements including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements. We may also delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such
pronouncements are made applicable to private companies, as permitted by the JOBS Act. 

We
have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from any offerings and may not use them effectively. 

Our
management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from any offerings and may spend or invest these proceeds
in a way with which our stockholders disagree. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could harm our business
and financial condition. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from any offering in a manner that does not produce income
or that loses value. 

Our
management has limited experience in managing the day-to-day operations of a public company and, as a result, we may incur additional
expenses associated with the management of our Company. 

We
only became a public company in October 2020. The management team is responsible for the operations and reporting of the Company. The
requirements of operating as a public company are many and sometimes difficult to navigate. This may require us to obtain outside assistance
from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. If we lack cash resources
to cover these costs of being a public company in the future, our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions
of securities laws could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our potential results of operations, cash flow and financial
condition after we commence operations. 

Compliance
with changing corporate governance regulations and public disclosures may result in additional risks and exposures. 

Changing
laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
new regulations from the SEC, have created uncertainty for public companies such as ours. These laws, regulations, and standards are
subject to varying interpretations in many cases, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance
is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. As a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations,
and standards have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased expense and significant management time and attention. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Certain
of our stockholders hold a significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities, which could reduce the ability of minority stockholders
to effect certain corporate actions. 

At
December 31, 2022, our officers and directors are the beneficial owners of approximately 18 our issued and outstanding voting securities.
As a result, they possess significant influence over our elections and votes. As a result, their ownership and control may have the effect
of facilitating and expediting a future change in control, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination, or encouraging
a potential acquirer to make a tender offer. Their ownership and control may also have the effect of delaying, impeding, or preventing
a future change in control, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination, or discouraging a potential acquirer from
making a tender offer. 

If
securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. Once our common stock is quoted, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish
inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare
or pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains an exclusive forum provision for certain claims, which could limit
our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, New York shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b)
any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company to the Company
or the Company s shareholders or (c) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject
to said court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. This provision may limit a shareholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the company and its directors, officers, or other
employees and may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. This provision does not apply to actions arising under the Exchange
Act or Securities Act. 

Our
issuance of additional common stock or preferred stock may cause our common stock price to decline, which may negatively impact your
investment. 

Issuances
of a substantial number of additional shares of our common or preferred stock, or the perception that such issuances could occur, may
cause prevailing market prices for our common stock to decline. In addition, our board of directors is authorized to issue additional
series of shares of preferred stock without any action on the part of our stockholders. Our board of directors also has the power, without
stockholder approval, to set the terms of any such series of shares of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, conversion
rights, dividend rights, preferences over our common stock with respect to dividends or if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our business
and other terms. If we issue cumulative preferred stock in the future that has preference over our common stock with respect to the payment
of dividends or upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute the voting
power of our common stock, the market price of our common stock could decrease. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Anti-takeover
provisions in the Company s charter and bylaws may prevent or frustrate attempts by stockholders to change the board of directors
or current management and could make a third-party acquisition of the Company difficult. 

The
Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition
or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares. Furthermore, the Board of Directors has the ability to increase the size of the Board and fill newly created
vacancies without stockholder approval. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for
shares of the Company s common stock. 

Our
common stock may become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules and accordingly, broker-dealers may experience difficulty in completing
customer transactions and trading activity in our securities may be adversely affected. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations, which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The market price of our common stock is less than 5.00 per share and therefore
would be a penny stock according to SEC rules, unless we are listed on a national securities exchange. Under these rules,
broker-dealers who recommend such securities to persons other than institutional accredited investors must: 

Make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser; 

Receive the purchaser s prior written agreement to the
transaction; 

Provide the purchaser with risk disclosure documents which
identify certain risks associated with investing in penny stocks and which describe the market for these penny stocks 
as well as a purchaser s legal remedies; and 

Obtain a signed and dated acknowledgment from the purchaser
demonstrating that the purchaser has actually received the required risk disclosure document before a transaction in a penny stock 
can be completed. 

Although
our common stock is not currently subject to these rules, it were to become subject to such rules, broker-dealers may find it difficult
to effectuate customer transactions and trading activity in our securities may be adversely affected. As a result, the market price of
our securities may be depressed, and you may find it more difficult to sell your securities. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive office is located in leased premises of approximately 6,908 square feet at 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter,
FL 33477. We believe that these facilities are adequate for our needs, including providing the space and infrastructure to accommodate
our development work based on our current operating plan. We do not own any real estate. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from contracts or other matters from time to time in the ordinary course
of business. Management is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation where the ultimate disposition or resolution could have
a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

On
August 6, 2020, the Company, Messrs. John and Miller and certain affiliated entities filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court,
Southern District of New York against Robert Koch, Bedford Investment Partners, LLC, Kaizen Advisors, LLC and certain other unnamed defendants.
The lawsuit alleged that Mr. Koch and the other defendants were attempting to extort the Company and Messrs. John and Miller to issue
the defendants shares of the Company s
common stock which they claim are owed to them. The Company asserted that they have no oral or written agreement with Mr. Koch or any
of his affiliates that entitle him to shares of the Company s
common stock. The Company s
complaint seeks actual damages in the amount of 5,000,000 and punitive damages in the amount of 5,000,000. In response, Mr. Koch and
Bedford Investment Partners, LLC (together, the Koch
Parties filed their
answer and counterclaim, repeating the same claims that caused the Company to file the lawsuit, and claiming damages of over 10 million.
On October 6, 2020, the Company moved for judgment on the pleadings to dismiss the defendants 
 counterclaim in its entirety. On April 24, 2021, the Company s
motion was granted and all counterclaims were dismissed with prejudice, except the breach-of-contract and unjust enrichment claims. On
June 04, 2021 the Koch Parties filed a Second Amended Counterclaim, re-alleging their previous breach-of-contract and unjust enrichment
counterclaims. On June 25, 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss defendants 
 Second Amended Counterclaim, which the parties briefed in summer 2021. On February
14, 2022, the court dismissed all of the Koch Parties counterclaims
except to the extent that they alleged unjust enrichment against Jupiter and Mr. John. On March 22, 2022, the Parties engaged in a Settlement
Conference before The Honorable Sarah L. Cave, which did not resolve the case. On March 25, 2022, The Honorable Lewis J. Liman granted
Jupiter and Mr. John permission to move for summary judgment dismissing the Koch Parties 
 unjust enrichment counterclaim; the parties briefed that motion in spring 2022.
On January 30, 2023, Judge Liman largely granted Jupiter and Mr. Koch s
motion, eliminating all of the Koch Parties remedy
theories except for their restitution claim for transferring the domain www.cbdbrands.net to Jupiter. In doing so, Judge Liman suggested
that a jury could find that the Koch Parties would be fully compensated if the parties simply unwound the domain transfer, or that the
jury might quantify the website s
value by looking to the amounts that the Koch Parties had paid for other, similar websites: between 12.17 and 65.98. After Judge Liman
issued this order, the Parties settled all claims and Jupiter and Mr. John filed a proposed order of dismissal of all claims with prejudice.
On February 17, 2023, Judge Liman so-ordered that proposed order and closed the case. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The
Company s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol JUPW and its warrants are traded under the symbol
JUPWW. 

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low bid prices for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as reported by
such marketplaces. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent
actual transactions. 

Period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 2022Fiscal Year: 

Fourth Quarter Ended December 31, 2022 
 1.64 
 0.66 
 
 Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2022 
 1.15 
 0.59 
 
 Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 
 1.18 
 0.60 
 
 First Quarter Ended March 31, 2022 
 1.50 
 0.63 

2021 Fiscal Year: 

Fourth Quarter Ended December 31, 2021 
 2.11 
 0.83 
 
 Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2021 
 4.61 
 1.36 
 
 Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2021 
 5.07 
 3.76 
 
 First Quarter Ended March 31, 2021 
 7.98 
 4.56 

We
consider our common stock to be thinly traded and, accordingly, reported sales prices or quotations may not be a true market-based valuation
of our common stock. 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were 23 shareholders of record. 

Dividends 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and we intend to retain all of our earnings,
if any, to finance our growth and operations and to fund the expansion of our business. Payment of any dividends will be made in the
discretion of our Board of Directors, after our taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results,
current and anticipated cash needs and plans for expansion. No dividends may be declared or paid on our common shares, unless a dividend,
payable in the same consideration or manner, is simultaneously declared or paid, as the case may be, on our shares of preferred stock,
if any. 

Issuance
of Securities 

On
November 16, 2020, the Company entered into an endorsement agreement (the Endorsement Agreement with Tee-2-Green Enterprises
Limited Tee-2-Green ), pursuant to which the Company received the exclusive right and license to utilize Ernie Els 
(the Player name, likeness, photographs, and endorsements in the advertising, promotion, distribution and sale of the
Company s products. The Endorsement Agreement has a term of three (3) years (the Contract Period ), which commenced
on November 10, 2020, unless extended by mutual agreement of the parties or sooner terminated. Beginning one (1) year prior to the end
of the Contract Period, and for a period of six (6) months thereafter (the Exclusive Negotiating Period ), the parties shall
negotiate exclusively with one another as regards to extension of the Endorsement Agreement. In the event that the parties are unable
to conclude a binding agreement as regards to an extension of the Endorsement Agreement during the Exclusive Negotiating Period, either
party shall be entitled to enter into negotiations with any third party as regards the subject matter of the Endorsement Agreement and
conclude any agreement with any third party for the period following the Contract Period. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

Pursuant
to the Endorsement Agreement, the Company issued to Tee-2-Green 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase
50,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of 3.90 per share, which was the trading price of the common stock
at such time. The warrants are exercisable at any time within five (5) years from the date of issuance thereof. 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company and Tee-2-Green entered into an Addendum to Endorsement Agreement (the Addendum ), pursuant
to which the original contract term has been extended by two years and now terminates at midnight on November 25, 2025. As consideration
for the extension, the Company will issue Tee-2-Green an additional 60,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock the
Restricted Stock ). The Company will also pay Tee-2-Green 75,000 in year four and 75,000 in year five of the Endorsement Agreement. 

On
November 30, 2020, the Company entered into and closed on a share exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with SRM
Entertainment, LTD, a Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China limited company SRM and wholly owned subsidiary of Vinco Ventures, Inc., a Nevada corporation formerly known as Edison Nation, Inc. Vinco ),
and the shareholders of SRM set forth in the Exchange Agreement (the SRM Shareholders ), pursuant to which the Company acquired
100 of the shares of SRM s common stock (the SRM Common Stock from the SRM Shareholders in exchange for 200,000
shares of the Company s common stock, subject to a leak out provision and escrow of 50,000 shares of the Company s common
stock. SRM is involved in the sale of merchandise at amusement parks and has licenses which allow the Company to sell its other products
in these amusement parks. As a result, the Company is currently developing a new line of non-CDB infused suncare products for sale in
these parks. Upon closing, and pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company delivered 150,000 shares of its common stock to SRM and
placed 50,000 shares in escrow Escrow Shares ). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company shall release the Escrow
Shares upon SRM generating 200,000 in cash receipts and revenue prior to January 15, 2021. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company
assumed all of the financial obligations of SRM, as well as its four employees and offices in Hong Kong. We expect to close the office
in Hong Kong over the next few months as the employees are largely working remotely. As a result of the Exchange Agreement, SRM became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On September 14, 2022 and December
22 2022, our Board of Directors and majority shareholders, respectively, approved the Jupiter Wellness, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2022 Plan ),
to be administered by the our Compensation Committee. Pursuant to the 2022 Plan, we are authorized to grant options and other equity awards
to officers, directors, employees and consultants. The purchase price of each share of common stock purchasable under an award issued
pursuant to the 2022 Plan, shall be determined by our Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, at the time of grant, but shall
not be less than 100 of the fair market of such share of common stock on the date the award is granted, subject to adjustment. Our Compensation
Committee shall also have sole authority to set the terms of all awards at the time of grant. Pursuant to the 2022 Plan, a maximum of
4,000,000 shares of our common stock shall be set aside and reserved for issuance, subject to adjustments as may be required in accordance
with the terms of the 2022 Plan. 

On July 27, 2021, and December
14, 2021, our Board of Directors and majority shareholders, respectively, approved the Jupiter Wellness, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan
(the 2021 Plan ), to be administered by our Compensation Committee. Pursuant to the 2021 Plan, we are authorized to grant
options and other equity awards to officers, directors, employees and consultants. The purchase price of each share of common stock purchasable
under an award issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan, shall be determined by our Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, at the time
of grant, but shall not be less than 100 of the fair market of such share of common stock on the date the award is granted, subject to
adjustment. Our Compensation Committee shall also have sole authority to set the terms of all awards at the time of grant. Pursuant to
the 2021 Plan, a maximum of 3,500,000 shares of our common stock shall be set aside and reserved for issuance, subject to adjustments
as may be required in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Plan. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
annually report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects ,
 plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements
are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable
law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform
these statements to actual results. 

Our
unaudited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related
notes that appear elsewhere in this annually report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans,
estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annually report. 

In
this annually report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common
shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

As
used in this annually report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms we , us , our , JUPW 
and the Company mean Jupiter Wellness, Inc. 

Company
Overview 

Jupiter
Wellness is committed to supporting health and wellness by developing innovative solutions to a range of conditions. We take pride in
our research and development of over-the-counter (OTC) products and intellectual property, which aim to address some of the most prevalent
health and wellness concerns today. Our product pipeline includes a diverse range of products, such as hair loss treatments, eczema creams,
vitiligo solutions, and sexual wellness products, that cater to different health and wellness needs. We are dedicated to staying up-to-date
with the latest scientific research and technology, ensuring that our products are effective, safe, and meet the highest industry standards. 

To
achieve our mission, we rely on a team of highly skilled and experienced professionals who are committed to advancing our vision of health
and wellness. Our team includes scientists, researchers, product developers, and business experts who collaborate to create new products
and enhance existing ones. We also partner with industry leaders and organizations to leverage the latest technologies and expand our
reach. 

We
generate revenue through various channels, including the sales of our OTC and consumer products, as well as licensing royalties. Our
products are available through various retailers and e-commerce platforms, making them accessible to a broad customer base. Additionally,
we collaborate with other companies to license our intellectual property, creating additional revenue streams and expanding our global
presence. 

We
signed agreements to license JW-700 to Taisho, a 2.6 billion revenue company and Japan s leading seller of minoxidil products.
Taisho plans on launching the product commercially in 2024. In India, the Company signed an agreement with Cosmofix Technovation Pvt
Ltd and Sanpellegrino Cosmetics to license its JW-700 and Photocil products. Additional licensing opportunities for these products are
being pursued primarily in overseas markets. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which have
been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, and the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The preparation of the financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements as well as the reported revenue generated, and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are
based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material.
We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these
policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

The
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP and are expressed in United States Dollars. Significant accounting policies are summarized below: 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company generates its revenue from the sale of its products directly to the end user or distributor (collectively the customer ). 

The
Company recognizes revenues by applying the following steps in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 606 Revenue
from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under ASC 606, revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods
or services are transferred to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange
for those goods or services. The Company applies the following five steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to
be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements: 

identify
 the contract with a customer; 

identify
 the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine
 the transaction price; 

allocate
 the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize
 revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

The
Company s performance obligations are satisfied when goods or products are shipped on an FOB shipping point basis as title passes
when shipped. Our product is generally paid in advance of shipment or standard net 30 days and we offer no specific right of return,
refund or warranty related to our products except for cases of defective products of which there have been none to date. 

Inventory 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market. The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs
or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions. Write-downs and write-offs are charged to cost of goods sold.
Inventory is based upon the average cost method of accounting. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

We
evaluate long-lived assets (including intangible assets) for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. An asset is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted
future net cash flow the asset is expected to generate. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
is tested for impairment at a minimum on an annual basis. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level by first performing
a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying
value. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, then the reporting unit s carrying value is compared to
its fair value. The fair values of the reporting units are estimated using market and discounted cash flow approaches. Goodwill is considered
impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The discounted cash flow approach uses expected future operating
results. Failure to achieve these expected results may cause a future impairment of goodwill at the reporting unit. 

Intangible
assets consist of patents and trademarks, purchased customer contracts, purchased customer and merchant relationships, purchased trade
names, purchased technology, and non-compete agreements. Intangible assets are amortized over the period of estimated benefit using the
straight-line method and estimated useful lives ranging from one to twenty years. No significant residual value is estimated for intangible
assets. We evaluate long-lived assets (including intangible assets) for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. An asset is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds
the undiscounted future net cash flow the asset is expected to generate. 

Investments
Held-to-Maturity 

Investments
that the Company s management has the positive intent and ability to hold through maturity are classified and accounted
for as hold-to-maturity investments HTM ). HTM investments are carried at amortized cost in the financial statements. For
investments classified as HTM, no unrealized gains and losses will be recognized in financial statements. 

Segment
Reporting 

The
Company has two reportable segments: (i) sales and development of cannabidiol (CBD) based skin care and therapeutic products and (ii)
sales of merchandise sold to theme parks. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share 

Net
income (loss) per common share is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income
(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. If applicable, diluted earnings per share assume the conversion, exercise or issuance of all common stock instruments such
as options, warrants, convertible securities and preferred stock, unless the effect is to reduce a loss or increase earnings per share.
Warrants are not considered in the calculations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as the impact of the potential common
shares would be to decrease the loss per share. 

For the Years 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Numerator: 
 (15,223,028 
 (28,100,245 
 
 Net (loss) 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic earnings per share - Weighted-average common shares issued and outstanding during the period 
 22,106,703 
 16,603,788 
 
 Denominator for diluted earnings per share 
 22,106,703 
 16,603,788 
 
 Basic (loss) per share 
 (0.69 
 (1.69 
 
 Diluted (loss) per share 
 (0.69 
 (1.69 

Cash 

We
consider all short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash and equivalents for purposes of
the statement of cash flows. There were no cash equivalents as December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

Assets
and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, while revenue and expense accounts
are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates.
Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions and translation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2011 and the cumulative
translation gains and losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were not material. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
receivable are generated from sales of the Company s products. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful collections, which
is based upon a review of outstanding receivables, historical collection information, and existing economic conditions. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized no allowance for doubtful collections. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
fair value of our assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term
nature. 

Income
Taxes 

We
account for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and
for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation
allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
period, disclosure and transition. Based on our evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions
requiring recognition in our financial statements. Since we were incorporated on October 24, 2018, the evaluation was performed for 2018
tax year, which would be the only period subject to examination. We believe that our income tax positions and deductions would be sustained
on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material changes to our financial position. Our policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense. 

The Company s deferred tax
asset at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consists of net operating loss carry forwards calculated using federal and state effective tax rates
equating to approximately 6,714,609 and 4,865,890, respectively. Due to the Company s lack of earnings history, the deferred tax
asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance of 6,714,609 and 4,865,890 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Research
and Development 

The
Company accounts for research and development costs in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 730-10, Research
and Development ASC 730-10 ). Under ASC 730-10, all research and development costs must be charged to expense as incurred.
Accordingly, internal research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Third-party research and developments costs are expensed
when the contracted work has been performed or as milestone results have been achieved. Company-sponsored research and development costs
related to both present and future products are expensed in the period incurred. The Company incurred research and development expenses
of 562,117 and 1,079,362 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

We
recognize compensation costs to employees under FASB Accounting Standards Codification 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements
based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required
to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants. As such, compensation cost is measured
on the date of grant at their fair value. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the
option grant. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

On
October 24, 2018, the inception date Inception ), we adopted ASU No. 2018-07 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting. These amendments expand the scope of Topic 718, Compensation
- Stock Compensation (which currently only includes share-based payments to employees) to include share-based payments issued to non-employees
for goods or services. Consequently, the accounting for share-based payments to nonemployees and employees will be substantially aligned. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, which simplifies the accounting for nonemployee share-based payment transactions. The amendments
specify that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed
in a grantor s own operations by issuing share-based payment awards. The Company has adopted this standard beginning January 1,
2019. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows,
and financial statement disclosures. 

In
February 2016, Topic 842, Leases was issued to replace the leases requirements in Topic 840, Leases . The
main difference between previous GAAP and Topic 842 is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases
classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. A lessee should recognize in the balance sheet a liability to make lease payments
(the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with
a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize
lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under previous GAAP.
Topic 842 will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those annual
periods and is to be retrospectively applied. The Company has adopted this standard beginning January 1, 2019. The adoption of this standard
did not have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and financial statement disclosures. 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our financial statements. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table provides selected financial data about us for the year ended December 31, 202 2 and 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Sales 
 6,196,743 
 2,876,273 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 5,170,386 
 2,340,788 
 
 Gross Profit (Loss) 
 1,026,357 
 535,485 
 
 Total expenses 
 16,249,385 
 28,635,730 
 
 Net Loss 
 (15,223,028 
 (28,100,245 

Revenues 

We
generated 6,196,743 in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,876,273 revenues for the year ended December 31,
2021. The large increase is due to the Company having more nominal-like operations during 2022. In 2021 and 2020, Covid had a negative
impact on the revenues of the Company with the closure of Amusement and theme parks and which were not fully open until the end of 2021. 

Operating Expenses and other income 

We had total operating
expenses and other income of 16,249,385 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 28,635,730 for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Operating expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2022 totaled 16,249,385 were in connection with our daily operations as follows: (i) marketing expenses of 84,689;
(ii) research and development of 16,249,385 which included clinical trials; (iii) legal and professional expenses of 3,579,148 primarily
for due diligence and legal work on two proposed mergers and litigation along with corporate advisory services, registration statement
preparation fees, general corporate governance fees; (iv) rent of 175,038; (v) depreciation and amortization of 95,805; (vi) general
and administrative expenses of 3,419,561, consisting of payroll and related taxes, travel, meals and entertainment, office supplies and
expense and other normal office and administration expenses; (vii) stock based compensation of 4,357,372 consisting primarily of the
fair value of options and warrants; (viii) an impairment to a promissory note of 1,000,000; (ix) an impairment to intellectual Property
of 1,450,000; (x) net interest expense of 1,283,106, which includes 1,104,477 fair value of warrants and (xi) net other income of 1,718. 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 total ed 28,635,730 were in connection with our daily operations as follows: (i) marketing
expenses of 522,893; (ii) research and development of 1,079,362 which included clinical trials; (iii) legal and professional expenses
of 3,098,137 primarily for due diligence and legal work on two proposed mergers, along with corporate advisory services, registration
statement preparation fees, general corporate governance fees; (iv) rent of 88,829; (v) depreciation and amortization of 187,917; (vi)
general and administrative expenses of 2,941,550, consisting of payroll and related taxes, travel, meals and entertainment, office supplies
and expense and other normal office and administration expenses; (vii) stock based compensation of 9,387,963 consisting primarily of
the fair value of options and warrants; (viii) an impairment to a promissory note of 10,000,000; (ix) an impairment to intellectual
Property of 300,000; (x) net interest expense of 1,728,783, which includes 1,446,530 fair value of warrants and (xi) net other income
of 699,704, which includes a 669,200 gain from an Omnibus Settlement relating to Magical Beasts Acquisition. 

Income/Losses 

Net
losses were 15,223,028 and 28,100,245 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
respectively. 

Impact
of Inflation 

We
believe that inflation has had a negligible effect on operations since inception. We believe that we can offset inflationary increases
in the cost of operations by increasing sales and improving operating efficiencies. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known
as variable interest entities. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company is in commercialization mode, while continuing to pursue the development of its next generation products as well as new products
that are being developed. 

We
generally require cash to: 

launch
 sales initiatives, 

fund
 our operations and working capital requirements, 

develop
 and execute our product development and market introduction plans, 

fund
 research and development efforts, and 

pay
 any expense obligations as they come due. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements and corresponding notes thereto called for by this item may be found beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s
Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time communicated to the Company s management,
including its Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
based closely on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures in Rule 13a-15(e). The Company s disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance of reaching the Company s desired disclosure control
objectives. In designing periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its
judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The Company s certifying officers have
concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in reaching that level of assurance. 

At
the end of the period being reported upon, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer
and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective to ensure that the material information
required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive and financial officer, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities
and Exchange Commission rules and forms relating to the Company, based on the assessment and control of disclosure decisions currently
performed by a small team. The Company plans to expand its management team and build a fulsome internal control framework required by
a more complex entity. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is
designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

With the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). While our initial assessment,
completed on December 31, 2022 deemed internal controls effective, based upon a further evaluation of market conditions during our annual
audit, which was conducted subsequent to December 31, 2022, we modified managements initial estimates and projections used in our asset
impairment in a manner that caused audit adjustments. Accordingly, management concluded there was a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31,2022, based on the COSO framework criteria, since management lacked a formal policy of
inputs in testing for impairment resulting in adjusting journal entries. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting as smaller reporting companies are not required to include such report and EGC s are exempt from
this requirement entirely until they are no longer an EGC. Management s report is not subject to attestation by the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Management
has confidence in its internal controls and procedures. The Company s management believes that a control system, no matter how
well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance and cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the internal
control system are met, and no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Further, the design of an internal control system must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitation
in all internal control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issuers and instances of fraud,
if any, within the Company have been detected. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Internal
control systems, no matter how well designed and operated, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even a system which is determined to
be effective cannot provide absolute assurance that all control issues have been detected or prevented. Our systems of internal controls
are designed to provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
directors and executive officers and their respective ages as of the date of this Form 10-K are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Brian
 S. John 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Douglas
 O. McKinnon 
 
 71 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Dr.
 Glynn Wilson 
 
 76 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Science Officer 
 
 Dr.
 Skender Fani 
 
 82 
 
 Director

Dr.
 Hector Alila 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Nancy
 Torres Kaufman 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 Christopher
 Marc Melton 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Gary
 Herman 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

The
following describes the business experience of each of our directors and executive officers, including other directorships held in reporting
companies: 

Brian
S. John, Chief Executive Officer and Director, is one of our founders and has served as our Chief Executive Officer since October
2018. For the past 20 years, Brian has been an investor and advisor to companies around the globe. He is the founder of Caro Partners,
LLC, a financial consulting firm specializing in assisting emerging growth companies primarily in the sub- 100 million space, and has
worked with hundreds of companies in dozens of countries over the last 25 years. Mr. John was the Chief Executive Officer of Teeka Tan
Products Inc., a sun care company he co-founded in 2004 and later sold. He also serves on the board of directors of The Learning Center
at the Els Center of Excellence a school for children with autism in Jupiter, Florida. In August 2015, Mr. John voluntarily petitioned
the United States Bankruptcy Court in the Southern District of Florida (case #15-24036-PGH) for personal bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of
the United States bankruptcy Code. The debtor, Mr. John, was discharged in February 19, 2016 and the matter was terminated in April 2017.
There were no allegations of fraud made in the proceedings. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Douglas
O. McKinnon, Chief Financial Officer, has served as our Chief Financial officer since August 15, 2019. Mr. McKinnon has served as
the Chief Executive Officer of AppYea, Inc. since March 2016. Mr. McKinnon has served as a director of Surna, Inc. since March, 2014
and as Surna s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April, 2014. Prior to Surna, Inc., Mr. McKinnon served
as Chief Executive Officer of 1st Resource Group, Inc. for four years. Mr. McKinnon s 35+ year professional career includes financial,
advisory and operation experience across a broad spectrum of industry sectors, including oil and gas, technology, cannabis and communications.
He has served in C-level positions in both private and public sectors, including Chairman and CEO of an American-Stock-Exchange traded
company, VP - Chief Administrative Officer of a 12-billion market cap Nasdaq-traded company for which the management team raised over
 2.2 billion, CFO of several publicly-held US, Canadian and Australian companies, and CEO/CFO of various other private enterprises. As
an entrepreneur, Mr. McKinnon has been involved in organizations ranging from start-up companies using venture capital funding to publicly
traded institutional backed companies. Additionally, Mr. McKinnon has extensive merger and acquisition, and turnaround experience. 

Dr.
Glynn Wilson, Chairman, Chief Scientific Officer, has served as one of our directors since November 2018. Mr. Wilson was appointed
our Chief Scientific Officer on April 2021 and as our Chairman in October 2019. He has served as our Head of Research and Development
from October 2019 to July 2021. Dr. Wilson previously served as a Director of TapImmune, Inc. from February 2005 until October, 2018
and as Chief Executive Officer from July 2009 through September 2017. Dr. Wilson also served as President of Auriga Laboratories, Inc.
from June 1, 2005 through March 13, 2006, and as Chief Scientific Officer from March 13, 2016 through August 25, 2006. He was the Chief
Scientific Officer at Tacora Corporation from 1994 to 1997 and was the Vice-President, R D, at Access Pharmaceuticals from 1997 to
1998. Dr. Wilson was Research Area Head, Cell and Molecular Biology in Advanced Drug Delivery at Ciba-Geigy Pharmaceuticals from 1984-1989
and Worldwide Head of Drug Delivery at SmithKline Beecham from 1989 to 1994. He was a faculty member at Rockefeller University, New York,
in the laboratory of the Nobel Laureates, Sanford Moore and William Stein, from 1974 to 1979. Dr. Wilson is a recognized leader in the
development of drug delivery systems and has been involved in taking lead products technologies from concept to commercialization.
Dr. Wilson has a Ph. D. in Biochemistry and conducted medical research at The Rockefeller University, New York. Dr. Wilson brings an
extensive background of success in corporate management and product development with tenures in both multinational and start-up biotech
organizations. 

Dr.
Skender Fani, Director, has served as one of our directors since September 9, 2022. Dr. Fani is the Chairman of Otis Elevator-Austria,
Heim GmbH, a substantial real estate company in Vienna, Austria, and Polster GmbH, a leading public relations and sports management company
in Germany and Austria. He also serves as Chairman of LOOS Bar GmbH in Vienna, Austria. Dr. Fani is a corporate lawyer in Austria and
throughout the E.U. specializing in sports, entertainment, and business law. For the past 40 years, he has represented numerous top sports
and entertainment personalities throughout Europe. He has been the personal advisor to presidents and owners of Europe s top soccer
teams, including MAGNA-Vienna, FC Barcelona, AS Roma, and Red Bull-Salzburg. He is the past Chairman of Rapid-Vienna, one of Europe s
most prestigious and historic soccer clubs. 

Dr.
Hector Alila, Director, has served as one of our directors since February 2023. Dr. Alila brings 30 years of demonstrated scientific
experience in product development and successful management leadership in biopharmaceutical industry. He previously served on the Board
of Directors of Jupiter Wellness from 2019 through 2022. He is the Founding President and Chief Executive Officer of Esperance Pharmaceutical
Inc., a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that has successfully developed novel targeted cancer therapeutics currently in clinical
development. Dr. Alila founded Esperance Pharmaceutical, Inc. in 2006. Prior to Esperance, Dr. Alila served as Senior Vice President
of Drug Development at Protalex, Inc., where he led the development of a drug currently in clinical trials for treatment of autoimmune
diseases. He was previously Vice President of Product Development at Cell Pathways, Inc., where he was responsible for the development
cancer drugs, and a director of Biology/pharmacology at GeneMedicine, Inc., where he led product development of gene medicines. He also
held several research, product development and management positions at SmithKline Beecham Pharmaceuticals. He obtained his Ph.D. in physiology
and immunology from Cornell University. 

Nancy
Torres Kaufman, Director, has served as one of our directors since January 2021. Ms. Kaufman is the Chairman and CEO of Beacon Capital
LLC, a New York family office, recently relocated to Jupiter, Florida. Ms. Kaufman officially founded Beacon Capital as her family office
and investment platform in 2010 with a focus on investing in life sciences businesses globally. In 2003, Nancy started a mortgage correspondent
lending company called Wall St. Mortgage, a first and second lien corresponding lender and brokerage company which book and operations
she sold to Countrywide in 2006. In 2004, she joined the investment banking boutique Violy Co and focused increasingly on her first
passion, life sciences. Nancy is a Cuban born and raised entrepreneur focused on bringing venture impact philanthropy into the life science
and healthcare space. She left Cuba 1994 for the US unaccompanied as a 14-years old. In 1999, Nancy was awarded a full academic scholarship
to the College of St. Elizabeth, consisting of an accelerated medical program with UMDNJ for a Bachelor of Science Major in Biology with
a Chemistry minor. Nancy also entered the Women s Leadership Program at Yale School of Management in 2020. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Christopher
Marc Melton, Director, has served as one of our directors since August 2019. Mr. Melton has served as director of SG Blocks, Inc.
since November of 2011 and currently serves as the Audit Committee Chairman. From 2000 to 2008, Mr. Melton was a Portfolio Manager for
Kingdon Capital Management Kingdon in New York City, where he ran in excess of 1 Billion book in media, telecom, and
Japanese investment. Mr. Melton opened Kingdon s office in Japan, where he set up a Japanese research company. From 1997 to 2000,
Mr. Melton served as a Vice President at JPMorgan Investment Management as an equity research analyst, where he helped manage 1 Billion
plus in REIT funds under management. Mr. Melton was a Senior Real Estate Equity Analyst at RREEF Funds in Chicago from 1995 to 1997.
Mr. Melton is Principal and co-founder of Callegro Investments, a specialist land investor. He currently serves on several Public and
Private Boards as well as Chairman of the Audit Committee of a Nasdaq listed company. 

Gary
Herman, Director, is a seasoned investor with many years of investment and business experience. Since 2005, Mr. Herman has managed
Strategic Turnaround Equity Partners, LP (Cayman) and its affiliates. From January 2011 to August 2013, he was a managing member of Abacoa
Capital Management, LLC, which managed Abacoa Capital Master Fund, Ltd., focused on a Global-Macro investment strategy. From 2005 to
2020, Mr. Herman was affiliated with Arcadia Securities LLC, a New York-based broker-dealer. From 1997 to 2002, he was an investment
banker with Burnham Securities, Inc. From 1993 to 1997, he was a managing partner of Kingshill Group, Inc., a merchant banking and financial
firm with offices in New York and Tokyo. Mr. Herman has a B.S. from the University at Albany with a major in Political Science and minors
in Business and Music. Mr. Herman has many years of experience serving on the boards of private and public companies. He presently sits
on the boards and is Audit Chairperson of XS Financial, Inc. (CSE: XS) and SusGlobal Energy Corp. (OTCQB: SNRG). 

Term
of Office 

Our
Board is elected annually by our stockholders. Each director shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until
his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among and between the issuer s directors, officers, persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become
directors or officers, or beneficial owners of more than ten percent of any class of the issuer s equity securities. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and officers, and the persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our Common Stock,
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Copies of all filed reports are required to be furnished to us pursuant
to Rule 16a-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based solely on the reports received by us and on the representations of the reporting
persons, we believe that these persons have complied with all applicable filing requirements during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Board
Composition 

Director
Independence 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board, which consist of seven members. Under Nasdaq rules, independent directors
must comprise a majority of a listed company s board of directors, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, Nasdaq rules require
that each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and governance committees be independent, subject to
certain phase-ins for newly-public companies. Under Nasdaq rules, a director will only qualify as an independent director 
if, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Audit
committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In order to be considered
independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the
audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or
other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the listed company or any
of its subsidiaries. 

Our
Board has undertaken a review of its composition, the composition of its committees and the independence of each director. Based upon
information requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family
relationships, our Board has determined that Ms. Kaufman and Messrs. Melton, Alila and Young do not have any relationships that would
interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors
is independent as that term is defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements
and rules of Nasdaq. In making this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director
has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the
beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. 

In
making this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with us and all
other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our
capital stock by each non-employee director. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board has established Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporative Governance Committees. Our Board may establish other committees
to facilitate the management of our business. The composition and functions of the audit committee, compensation committee and nominating
and corporate governance committee are described below. Members will serve on committees until their resignation or removal from the
Board or until otherwise determined by our Board. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee consists of Mr. Melton, Mr. Alila and Ms. Kaufman, with Mr. Melton serving as the chairman. Our Board has determined
that Mr. Melton is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC regulations. Our Board has also determined
that each member of our audit committee can read and understand fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable requirements.
In arriving at these determinations, the Board has examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of
their employment in the corporate finance sector. The functions of this committee include: 

selecting
 a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; 

helping
 to ensure the independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing
 the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewing, with management and the independent
 accountants, our interim and year-end operating results; 

developing
 procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; 

reviewing
 our policies on risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing
 related party transactions; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report by the independent registered public accounting firm at least annually, that describes our internal quality-control
 procedures, any material issues with such procedures, and any steps taken to deal with such issues when required by applicable law;
 and 

approving
 (or, as permitted, pre-approving) all audit and all permissible non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be
 performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee consists of Messrs. Melton, Alila and Herman with Mr. Herman serving as the chairman. The functions of the compensation
committee will include: 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the compensation of our executive officers; 

reviewing
 and recommending that our Board approve the compensation of our directors; 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the terms of compensatory arrangements with our executive officers; 

administering
 our stock and equity incentive plans; 

selecting
 independent compensation consultants and assessing conflict of interest compensation advisers; 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, incentive compensation and equity plans; and 

reviewing
 and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees and reviewing our overall compensation philosophy. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Messrs. Melton and Dr Wilson with Dr Wilson serving as the chairman. The functions
of the nominating and governance committee will include: 

identifying
 and recommending candidates for membership on our Board; 

including
 nominees recommended by stockholders; 

reviewing
 and recommending the composition of our committees; 

overseeing
 our code of business conduct and ethics, corporate governance guidelines and reporting; and 

making
 recommendations to our Board concerning governance matters. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee also annually reviews the nominating and corporate governance committee charter and the
committee s performance. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. Our Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management,
auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our assessment of risks. Our Board focuses on the most significant
risks we face our general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks we undertake are consistent with our Board s appetite
for risk. While our Board oversees our risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe
this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks we face and that our Board leadership structure
supports this approach. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Our
amended and restated bylaws provide our Board with flexibility in its discretion to combine or separate the positions of Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The Board currently separates the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board in
recognition of the differences between the two roles. Our Chief Executive Officer, who is also a member of our Board, is responsible
for setting the strategic direction of the Company and the day-to-day leadership and performance of the Company, while the Chairman of
the Board provides guidance to the Chief Executive Officer, sets the agenda for the Board meetings, presides over meetings of the Board
and tries to reach a consensus on Board decisions. Although these roles are currently separate, the Board believes it should be able
to freely select the Chairman of the Board based on criteria that it deems to be in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders,
and therefore one person may, in the future, serve as both the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics and conduct applicable to all of our directors, officers, employees and all persons performing similar
functions. A copy of that code is attached as Exhibit 14.1 to the Registration Statement of which this prospectus forms a part thereof.
We expect that any amendments to the code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed in our public filings with the Commission. 

Corporate
Governance Guidelines 

We
have adopted a corporate governance guidelines that serve as a flexible framework within which our Board and its committees operate.
These guidelines cover a number of areas including the size and composition of the Board, Board membership criteria and director qualifications,
director responsibilities, Board agenda, roles of the chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, Board member access to management and independent advisors,
director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior
management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is attached hereto as Exhibit 14.2 to the
Registration Statement of which this prospectus forms a part thereof. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, except as set forth in the biography of Brian John, our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any
of the following events during the past ten years: 

1.
any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2.
any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
minor offenses); 

3.
being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business,
securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. being
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a
Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. being
subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or
regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud
in connection with any business entity; or 

6. being
subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
or persons associated with a member. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

No
compensation was paid to our principal executive officer and our two other most highly compensated executive officers during the fiscal
years indicated below. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) (4) 
 Total Compensation ) 
 
 Brian S. John (1)(5) 
 2022 
 250,000 
 293,122 

543,122 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 200,000 
 43,122 
 33,333 
 
 20,000 
 296,455 

Richard Miller (2) 
 2022 
 175,000 
 218,122 

393,172 
 
 Former Chief Compliance Officer 
 2021 
 151,042 
 43,122 
 16,667 
 
 20,000 
 124,000 

Dr. Glynn Wilson (3)(5) 
 2022 
 150,000 
 150,000 

300,000 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Science Officer 
 2021 

200,000 
 
 20,000 
 204,000 

1. 
 Mr. John was appointed as Chief Executive Officer on October
28, 2018. 

2. 
 Mr. Miller is no longer an officer of the Company. 

3. 
 Dr. Wilson was appointed as a director in November 2018 and
as Chairman on October 15, 2019. 

4. 
 Each were paid 20,000 in Director fees in 2022. 

5. 
 Mr. Brian and Dr. Wilson both received 1,050,000 5-year options
to purchase the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.84 and 0.76 per share, respectively. The options are out-of-the-money 
and no value is reflected in the table. 

Employment
Agreements with Named Officers 

On
February 1, 2020, we entered into a written employment agreement with Brian John, pursuant to which Mr. John shall serve as our Chief
Executive Officer (the John Employment Agreement ). The John Employment Agreement has an initial term from February 1, 2020
through January 1, 2021, and shall automatically renew for one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated by either party. Mr. John
shall be paid a salary of 150,000 (the Base Salary for the period commencing February 1, 2020 and ending January 1, 2021,
with such Base Salary increasing by 10 for each renewal term. Mr. John shall also be entitled to a quarterly cash bonus as follows:
5 of net revenues up to 1 Million; plus 4 of the second 1 Million in net revenues; plus 3 of the third 1 Million in net revenues;
plus 2 of the fourth 1 Million in net revenues; plus 1 of all net revenues in excess of 4 Million; provided, that: (i) the bonus
is subject to a cap of 2 Million; and (ii) the bonus may be paid, at the election of Mr. John, in cash or shares of our common stock
(calculated at the fair market value of such shares as determined by the Board). In the event of Mr. John s death during the term
of the John Employment Agreement, his Base Salary at that time shall be paid to his designated beneficiary, or, in the absence of such
designation, to his estate or other legal representative, for three (3) months from the date of death. In addition, all granted but unvested
stock options shall immediately vest and all vested but unexercised stock options shall remain exercisable by Mr. John s designated
beneficiary, or, in the absence of such designation, to his estate or other legal representative, through the term of such stock options.
In the event of Mr. John s disability, he shall be entitled to compensation in accordance with our disability compensation practice
for senior executives, including any separate arrangement or policy covering him, but in all events he shall continue to receive his
Base Salary at the time of his disability for a for a period of three (3) months beginning on the date the disability is deemed to have
occurred. In addition, all granted but unvested stock options shall immediately vest and all vested but unexercised stock options shall
remain exercisable by Mr. John through the term of such stock options. In the event we terminate the John Employment Agreement without
cause, Mr. John shall continue to carry out his responsibilities under the John Employment Agreement for one month and shall be paid
his normal Base Salary. In addition, upon such termination without cause, we shall pay Mr. John a lump sum equal to his entire remaining
Base Salary under the John Employment Agreement, all granted but unvested stock options shall immediately vest and all vested but unexercised
stock options shall remain exercisable by Mr. John through the term of such stock options. In the event of a Change in Control or Attempted
Change in Control, each as defined in the John Employment Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.8, during the term of the John Employment
Agreement, Mr. John shall have the right to terminate the John Employment Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice given
at any time within one year after the occurrence of such event, and Mr. John shall be entitled to the same compensation as if the John
Employment Agreement was terminated without cause. 

Effective
June 1, 2021, the John Employment Agreement was amended to increase Mr. John s base salary to 250,000, annual 10 increase in
base salary and options for 2022 and 2023 and bonus plan based on net revenues and effective December 6, 2021 if Mr. John is terminated
either Voluntarily or Involuntarily other than for Cause, including but not limited to (i) a Change of Control or Attempted Change of
Control, (ii) material merger or other material business combination, (iii) change of Board of Directors or Executive Officers or (iv)
or other events as set forth in the respective Employment Agreement, the Employee is entitled to all compensation remaining to be paid
during the then-current term of the Employment Agreement or one year whichever is greater plus an additional two-years. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

On
August 5, 2019 (the McKinnon Execution Date ), we entered into a written employment agreement with Douglas McKinnon, pursuant
to which Mr. McKinnon shall serve as our Chief Financial Officer (the McKinnon Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the McKinnon
Employment Agreement, we shall grant Mr. McKinnon up to 300,000 shares of our common stock, whereby 100,000 shares shall be granted to
Mr. McKinnon and vest on the McKinnon Execution Date, either i) 100,000 shares or ii) an option to purchase 100,000 shares, issued pursuant
to our contemplated equity incentive plan, shall be granted to Mr. McKinnon on the first anniversary of the McKinnon Execution Date,
and either i) 100,000 shares or ii) an option to purchase 100,000 shares, issued pursuant to our contemplated equity incentive plan,
shall be granted to Mr. McKinnon on the second anniversary of the McKinnon Execution Date. The McKinnon Employment Agreement has a term
of three (3) years and shall automatically renew for one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated by either party. Mr. McKinnon shall
be paid a salary in an amount commensurate with his position and responsibilities at similar companies, subject to the mutual agreement
between us and Mr. McKinnon. In the event we terminate the McKinnon Employment Agreement without cause, we shall pay to Mr. McKinnon
his base salary, including participation in all benefit programs, for one (1) year or the remainder of the then-current term, whichever
is more. In the event of either i) a change of control of the Company or ii) we change the responsibilities of Mr. McKinnon, Mr. McKinnon
shall have the option to terminate the McKinnon Employment Agreement and shall be entitled to all compensation remaining to be paid during
the then-current term of the McKinnon Employment Agreement plus an additional one-year period. During 2020, Mr. McKinnon was issued 200,000
shares of the Company s common stock representing the 100,000 shares due for 2019 and 100,000 shares due for 2020. 

Effective
June 1, 2021, the McKinnon Employment Agreement was amended to increase Mr. McKinnon s base salary to 150,000, annual 10 increase
in base salary and options for 2022 and 2023 and effective December 6, 2021 if Mr. McKinnon is terminated either Voluntarily or Involuntarily
other than for Cause, including but not limited to (i) a Change of Control or Attempted Change of Control, (ii) material merger or other
material business combination, (iii) change of Board of Directors or Executive Officers or (iv) or other events as set forth in the respective
Employment Agreement, the Employee is entitled to all compensation remaining to be paid during the then-current term of the Employment
Agreement or one year whichever is greater plus an additional two-years. 

Employment
Agreements with Senior Management 

On
October 15, 2019, (the Wilson Execution Date ), we entered into a written employment agreement with Dr. Glynn Wilson, pursuant
to which Dr. Wilson shall serve as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Scientific officer (the Wilson Employment Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Wilson Employment Agreement, we shall grant Dr. Wilson up to 800,000 shares of our common stock, whereby 300,000 shares
shall be granted to Dr. Wilson and vest on the Wilson Execution Date, either i) 200,000 shares or ii) an option to purchase 200,000 shares,
issued pursuant to our contemplated equity incentive plan, shall be granted to Dr. Wilson on the first anniversary of the Wilson Execution
Date, and either i) 200,000 shares or ii) an option to purchase 200,000 shares, issued pursuant to our contemplated equity incentive
plan, shall be granted to Dr. Wilson on the second anniversary of the Wilson Execution Date. The Wilson Employment Agreement has a term
of three (3) years and shall automatically renew for one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated by either party. In the event we
terminate the Wilson Employment Agreement without cause, we shall pay to Dr. Wilson his base salary, including participation in all benefit
programs, for one (1) year or the remainder of the then-current term, whichever is more. 

Effective
June 1, 2021, the Wilson Employment Agreement was amended to increase Mr. Wilson s base salary to 150,000, annual 10 increase
in base salary and options for 2022 and 2023 and effective December 6, 2021 if Mr. Wilson is terminated either Voluntarily or Involuntarily
other than for Cause, including but not limited to (i) a Change of Control or Attempted Change of Control, (ii) material merger or other
material business combination, (iii) change of Board of Directors or Executive Officers or (iv) or other events as set forth in the
respective Employment Agreement, the Employee is entitled to all compensation remaining to be paid during the then-current term of the
Employment Agreement or one year whichever is greater plus an additional two-years. 

During
2020, Dr. Wilson was issued 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock representing the 300,000 shares due for 2019 and 200,000
shares due for 2020. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

Stock
Incentive Plan 

On September 14, 2022, and December
22, 2022, our Board of Directors and majority shareholders, respectively, approved the Jupiter Wellness, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan
(the 2022 Plan ),
to be administered by the our Compensation Committee. Pursuant to the 2022 Plan, we are authorized to grant options and other equity awards
to officers, directors, employees and consultants. The purchase price of each share of common stock purchasable under an award issued
pursuant to the 2022 Plan, shall be determined by our Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, at the time of grant, but shall
not be less than 100 of the fair market of such share of common stock on the date the award is granted, subject to adjustment. Our Compensation
Committee shall also have sole authority to set the terms of all awards at the time of grant. Pursuant to the 2022 Plan, a maximum of
4,000,000 shares of our common stock shall be set aside and reserved for issuance, subject to adjustments as may be required in accordance
with the terms of the 2022 Plan. 

On July 27, 2021 and December
14, 2021, our Board of Directors and majority shareholders, respectively, approved the Jupiter Wellness, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan
(the 2021 Plan ), to be administered by the our Compensation Committee. Pursuant to the 2021 Plan, we are authorized to grant
options and other equity awards to officers, directors, employees and consultants. The purchase price of each share of common stock purchasable
under an award issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan, shall be determined by our Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, at the time
of grant, but shall not be less than 100 of the fair market of such share of common stock on the date the award is granted, subject to
adjustment. Our Compensation Committee shall also have sole authority to set the terms of all awards at the time of grant. Pursuant to
the 2021 Plan, a maximum of 3,500,000 shares of our common stock shall be set aside and reserved for issuance, subject to adjustments
as may be required in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Plan. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

In connection with the employment
agreements described above, Mr. McKinnon, our CFO, and Dr. Wilson, our Chairman, were granted 100,000 shares and 300,000 shares, respectively,
of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2019 which were not issued as of December 31, 2019 and issued in 2020. Additionally,
in connection with the employment agreements, Mr. McKinnon and Dr. Wilson were granted 100,000 shares and 200,000 shares, respectively,
of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

There were no outstanding equity
awards as of December 31, 2022. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the amounts paid to Directors during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Directors 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Brian John 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Dr. Skender Fani 
 20,000 
 0 
 
 Glynn Wilson 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 Hector Alila 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 Nancy Torres Kaufman 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 Christopher Melton 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 Gary Herman 
 20,000 
 - 

100,000 
 100,000 

Agreements 
 with Directors 

On
February 25, 2019 (the Alila Execution Date ), we entered into an independent director s agreement with Dr. Hector
Alila, pursuant to which Dr. Alila shall serve as one of our directors (the Alila Agreement ). Pursuant to the Alila Agreement,
we shall pay Dr. Alila 1,000 per quarter, per annum. Additionally, we shall issue to Mr. Alila an option to purchase 33,330 shares of
our common stock on the Alila Execution Date and for each additional year Dr. Alila serves as a director (the Alila Options ).
The Alila Options shall have a three (3) year term and an exercise price of 0.25 per share and shall be issued on each anniversary date
of his election. 

On
March 1, 2022 (the Gary Execution Date ), we entered into an independent director s agreement with Gary Herman, pursuant
to which Mr. Herman shall serve as one of our directors (the Gary Agreement ). Pursuant to the Gary Agreement, we shall
pay Mr. Herman 20,000 per annum. Additionally, we shall issue to Mr. Herman an option to purchase 20,000 shares of our common stock
on the Gary Execution Date and for each additional year Mr. Herman serves as a director (the Gary Options ). The Gary Options
shall have a three (3) year term and an exercise price of the closing market price of the date of issuance and shall be issued on the
first date of each anniversary. 

On
July 29, 2019 (the Melton Execution Date ), we entered into an independent director s agreement with Christopher Melton,
pursuant to which Mr. Melton shall serve as one of our directors and our Audit Committee Chairperson (the Melton Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Melton Agreement, we shall pay Mr. Melton 1,000 per quarter, per annum. Additionally, we shall issue to Mr. Melton an
option to purchase 33,000 shares of our common stock on the Melton Execution Date and for each additional year Mr. Melton serves as a
director (the Melton Options ). The Melton Options shall have a three (3) year term and an exercise price of 0.25 per share
and shall be issued on each anniversary date of his election. 

On
January 20, 2021 (the Kaufman Execution Date ), we entered into an independent director s agreement with Nancy Torres
Kaufman, pursuant to which Ms. Kaufman shall serve as one of our directors and one of our audit committee members (the Kaufman
Agreement ). Pursuant to the Kaufman Agreement, we shall pay to Ms. Kaufman as director s fee of 20,000 per annum. Additionally,
we issued to Ms. Kaufman an option to purchase 20,000 shares of our common stock on the Kaufman Execution Date and for each additional
year she serves as a director (the Kaufman Options ). The Kaufman Options shall have a three (3) year term, an exercise
price equal to the current market price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance, and shall be issued on each anniversary
date of her election. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) any person or
group beneficially owning more than 5 of any class of voting securities; (ii) our directors, and; (iii) each of our named executive
officers; and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group as of March 31, 2023. The information presented below regarding beneficial
ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner 
of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the
disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole
or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option or
other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. Unless otherwise indicated, the address
of all listed stockholders is c/o Jupiter Wellness, Inc., 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL 33477. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Shares of 
 
 of Shares of 

Common Stock 
 
 Common Stock 

Beneficially 
 
 Beneficially 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Owned 
 
 Owned 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

Brian S. John 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 4,945,050 
 
 14,21 

Doug McKinnon 

Chief Financial Officer 
 1,311,194 
 
 3.77 

Richard Miller 

Beneficial 5 owner 
 1,638,294 
 
 4.71 

Glynn Wilson 

Chairman and Head of Research and Development 
 3,086,194 
 
 8.87 

Dr. Hector Alila 

Director 
 174,990 
 (1) 
 0.49 

Nancy Kaufman 

Director 
 95,000 
 (2) 
 0.27 

Christopher Melton 

Director 
 141,000 
 (3) 
 0.41 

Skender Fani 
 50,000 
 (4) 
 0.41 
 
 Director 

All officers and directors (8 persons) 
 11,613,722 
 
 33.38 

The
shares of common stock are owned by BBBY Ltd. of which Mr. Young is a beneficiary. 

(1)
Includes 1744,990 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

 (2)
Includes 95,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

 (3)
Includes 141,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

 (4) Includes 141,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

At
December 31, 2020, the Company had a total of 525,000 plus accrued interest of 32,856 due on convertible promissory notes. In January
2021, the Company received conversion notices from all of the note holders to convert the 525,000 principal balance of its convertible
promissory notes plus 35,489 accrued interest through the date of conversion, into 186,832 shares of the Company s common stock 3.00 per share conversion price). The shares were issued in January 2021. 

At
December 31, 2021, the Company had invested 2,908,300 in Jupiter Wellness Sponsor LLC JWSL ), a limited liability
company formed for the purpose of sponsorship of Jupiter Wellness Acquisition Corp. JWAC ), a special purpose
acquisition company SPAC and an affiliate. Mr. Brian John is the managing member of JWSL and Chief Executive Officer
of JWAC. 

On
November 3, 2021, JWAC filed a registration statement IPO with the Securities and Exchange Commission with an initial
funding of 100M. On December 6, 2021 the IPO was deemed effective. The total amount raised in the IPO was 138m. 

As
a result, at December 31, 2022, JWSL holds 1,437,500 Founders shares of JWAC and 288,830 Private Placement Units of JWAC. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees totaling 90,000 and 60,075 were paid to M K CPAS during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

No
other fees were paid to M K CPAS. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

(a) 
 
 Exhibits. 
 
 1.1 
 
 Form
 of Underwriting Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the
 SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Jupiter Wellness, Inc. s Form 1-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2019. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Jupiter Wellness, Inc. s Form 1-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2019. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Representative s Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant included in Unit, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Common Stock and Warrant Subscription Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Independent Director s Contract between the Company and Dr. Hector Alila, dated February 25, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Independent Director s Contract between the Company and Timothy G. Glynn, dated March 13, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Independent Director s Contract between the Company and Christopher Melton, dated July 29, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement with Douglas O. McKinnon, dated August 5, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Regulation A Subscription Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Jupiter Wellness, Inc. s Form 1-A/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2019. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement with Dr. Glynn Wilson, dated October 15, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement with Brian John, dated February 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement with Richard Miller, dated February 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 10.10 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Confidential Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated February 20, 2020 by and between Jupiter Wellness, Inc., Magical Beasts LLC. and Krista Whitley, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Sales Distribution Agreement dated February 20, 2020 between Jupiter Wellness Inc. and Ayako Holdings, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 17, 2020. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Distribution Agreement, dated November 5, 2020, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Endorsement Agreement, dated November 10, 2020, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2020. 
 
 10.15 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated November 30, 2020, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2020. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Independent Director s Agreement, dated January 20, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021. 
 
 10.17 
 
 Omnibus Amendment dated January 25, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021. 
 
 10.18 
 
 First Amendment to Common Stock Option Agreement dated January 25, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 20, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 3, 2021. 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 
 
 14.2 
 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.2 of the Company s Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 14, 2020. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of our Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of our Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed
 herewith. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the day of April 3, 2023. 

Jupiter Wellness Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Brian S. John 

Brian
 S. John 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Brian S. John 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 April
 3, 2023 
 
 Brian
 S. John 

/s/
 Douglas O. McKinnon 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting
officer) 
 
 April
 3, 2023 
 
 Douglas
 O. McKinnon 

/s/
 Glynn Wilson 
 
 Chairman and Chief Science Officer 
 
 April
 3, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Glynn Wilson 

/s/
 Dr. Skender Fani 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 3, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Skender Fani 

/s/
 Dr. Hector Alila 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 3, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Hector Alila 

/s/
 Christopher Marc Melton 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 3, 2023 
 
 Christopher
 Marc Melton 

/s/
 Nancy Torres Kaufman 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 3, 2023 
 
 Nancy
 Torres Kaufman 

/s/
 Gary Herman 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 3, 2023 
 
 Gary
 Herman 

52 

 Table of Contents 

JUPITER
WELLNESS, INC. 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Condensed
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

53 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Jupiter Wellness, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Jupiter Wellness, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in the
notes to the financial statements, the Company has suffered net losses from operations in current and prior periods and has a working
capital deficiency, as a result of obligations becoming due within one year, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in the notes to the financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Investments 

As
discussed in the notes to the financial statements, the Company has an equity method investment in an unconsolidated entity. 

Auditing
management s valuation of the assets and analysis of the classification of the investment and potential impairment involves significant
judgements and estimates. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the Company s classification of the investment and analysis of impairment, we evaluated management s
significant judgments and estimates. 

Other
Assets 

As
discussed in the notes to the financial statements, the Company issued a note receivable to an unrelated party for future acquisitions
that had not closed as of period end. 

Auditing
management s valuation of the assets and analysis of potential impairment involves significant judgements and estimates to determine
if the note is collectible and that there should or should not be an impairment taken. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the Company s analysis of impairment, we evaluated management s significant judgments and
estimates. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April
3, 2023 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year
 ended 
 Year
 ended 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Cash 

Inventory 

Account
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and deposits 

Investment
 in affiliates 

Total
 current assets 

Right
 of use assets 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Intellectual
 property 
 - 

Goodwill 

Fixed
 assets, net 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and Shareholders Equity 

Accounts
 Payable 

Convertible
 notes, net of discounts 
 
 - 
 
 Current
 portion of lease liability 

Accrued
 liabilities 

Covid
 - 19 SBA Loan 

Total
 current Liabilities 

Long-term
 portion lease liability 

Total
 liabilities 

Preferred
 stock, par value, shares authorized of which are issued and outstanding Common stock, par value, 
 shares authorized, of which and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Common
 stock payable 

Accumulated
 deficits 

Total
 Shareholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Sales 

Cost of Sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of Intangibles 

Impairment of Secured Promissory Note 

Total operating expenses 

Other income / (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other income / (expense) 

Total other income (expense) 

Net (loss) 

Net (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Weighted average number of shares 

Basic 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Payable 
 Capital 
 Deficits 
 Total 

Common 
 Additional 

Treasury Shares 
 Common Stock 
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Payable 
 Capital 
 Deficits 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued in public offering 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Common Stock issued for intellectual property 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Common stock issued upon conversion of notes 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued upon exercise of cashless options 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Contributed capital 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of Stock options granted to Officers and Directors 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of warrants and beneficial conversion feature in connection with convertible promissory Notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Treasury shares purchased 

- 

Treasury shares cancelled 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares issued in connection with convertible promissory note 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued and issue discounts with convertible note 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock options issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Management common shares cancelled 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock to be issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Fair value of Stock options granted to Officers and Directors 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) 

Stock Based compensation 

Fair value of warrants issued for loan extension 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation Amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of intangible asset 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on sale of asset 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Bad debt expense 
 - 

Gain on settlement 
 - 

Intangible asset impairment 

Impairment of secured promissory note 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Due from third party 
 - 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Right of Entry asset 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Lease liability 

Legal fees 
 - 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Cash paid for Intellectual property 
 - 

Cash loaned to affiliate 
 - 

Cash loaned to a third party 

Cash paid for research agreement 

proceeds from sale of asset 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from public offering 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible debt 

Repayment of convertible debt 
 - 

Capital contribution 
 - 

Purchase of Treasury Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Loan to affiliate 
 
 - 
 
 Borrowing on debt 
 
 - 
 
 Payment on debt 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 

- 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-cash items: 

Common stock issued in connection with promissory notes 

Fair value of warrants issued and beneficial conversion feature in connection with convertible promissory notes 

Cancellation of shares issued to management 
 
 - 
 
 Treasury shares cancelled 
 
 - 
 
 Cashless exercise of options 
 - 

Initial ROU asset and lease liability 
 - 

Fair value of shares issued for capitalized intellectual property 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and ,
respectively, and cash flow used in operations of 
 and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its expansion and development plans. As of
December 31, 2022, the Company had in cash and working capital of . These conditions have raised doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern as noted by our auditors, M K CPAS, PLLC. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. 

consisting
of raw materials of , finished goods of and packaging of . 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic earnings per share - Weighted-average common shares issued
 and outstanding during the period 

Denominator for diluted earnings per share 

Basic (loss) per share 

Diluted (loss) per share 

The
Company s performance obligations are satisfied when goods or products are shipped on a FOB shipping point basis as title passes
when shipped. Our products are generally paid in advance of shipment or standard net 30 days and we offer no specific right of return,
refund or warranty related to our products except for cases of defective products of which there have been none to date. 

and 
 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

less a valuation allowance in the amount of approximately . Due to 
the Company s lack of earnings history, the deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance in the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

and . 

and , respectively consisting primarily
of deposits and prepayments on purchase orders. 

and , consisting of finished goods, raw materials and packaging
supplies. During the year ended December 31, 2022, The Company determined that certain of our inventory items were either slow
moving, expired or discontinued. As a result, the Company write-off a total of consisting of raw materials of , finished
goods of and packaging of . 

in Jupiter Wellness Sponsor LLC JWSL ), a limited liability company formed for the sole purpose
of sponsorship of Jupiter Wellness Acquisition Corp. JWAC ), a special purpose acquisition company SPAC and an unconsolidated subsidiary. Mr. Brian John, our CEO, is the managing member of JWSL and Chief Executive Officer of JWAC. 

On November 3, 2021, JWAC filed
a registration statement IPO with the Securities and Exchange Commission with an initial funding of M. On December
6, 2021 the IPO was deemed effective. The total amount raised in the IPO was m. JWAC has a vote scheduled on April 17,2023 on a potential
merger. 

At December 31, 2022, JWSL holds
 Founders shares of JWAC and Private Placement Units of JWAC for the benefit of the Company. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company also had a loan to an affiliate. 

to Next Frontier
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. NFP and entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement SPA for the Company to acquire
NFP. The Note has a term of Nine months and interest at eight percent ). On January 6, 2022 the company issued an additional Secured
Promissory Note to NFP under the same terms for up to , of which was funded on January 7, 2022. 

In
February 2022, NFP terminated the SPA and in March 2022, the Company issued a Notice of Default on the NFP Note (see Subsequent Event
Footnote 19). As a result, the Company has determined that the Notes have been impaired and has taken an impairment charge of 
against the 2021 earnings and against the 2022 earnings. 

Customer base 

Non-compete 

Goodwill 

Total 

The
Non-compete has an estimated life of , the Customer base has an estimated life of fifteen years and the Tradenames trademarks
and Goodwill have indefinite lives and will be reviewed at each subsequent reporting period to determine if the assets have been impaired.
At December 31, 2020, Goodwill was analyzed by management, assisted by a third party valuation company, and determined that the Goodwill
associated with the acquisition of Magical Beasts has been impaired and as a result the Company recognized a charge to earnings of 
in the year ended December 31, 2020. Additionally, the Intangibles were analyzed by management, assisted by a third-party valuation company,
and determined that the Intangible associated with the acquisition of Magical Beasts had also been impaired and as a result the Company
recognized an additional charge to earnings of in the year ended December 31, 2020. The balance of the Intangible Assets at
December 31, 2020 attributable to Magical Beasts was . 

During
the first two quarters of 2021, the Company amortized of the remaining Intangible Assets attributable to Magical Beasts. In the
third quarter management determined that the balance of had been impaired and was recognized as a charge to earnings. As of December
31, 2021, the Company had no remaining Intangible Assets attributable to Magical Beasts. 

SRM
Entertainment 

Goodwill 

Total 

The
Distribution Agreements have an estimated life of six years and Goodwill has an indefinite life and will be reviewed at each subsequent
reporting period to determine if the assets have been impaired. 

Amortization
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and .
The balance of the Intangible Asset (Distribution Agreements) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
 and
 ,
respectively. 

Licensing
agreements 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into two licensing agreements for the rights to use certain patented technologies.
The Company paid a total of 
 for the rights, consisting of 
 in cash and 
 in shares of the Company s common stock.
In early 2022, the Company terminated one of the licensing agreements and as a result, the company considered the terminated license
to be impaired and took a charge to of 
 to 2021 earnings. During 2022, the Company evaluated
the remaining license agreement and determined that its carrying value had been impaired and took a charge of to 2022 earnings.
The balance of Intellectual property at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Clinical
Research Agreement 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a Clinical Research Agreement to research new treatments for post
COVID-19 syndrome and symptoms and other projects which include treatments for respiratory diseases (such as influenza), herpes,
eczema, and other skin indications. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had paid of
the approximate budget.
The payments are being amortized over 24 months, the respective term of the research. During 2022, the Company evaluated the
remaining research agreement and determined that its carrying value had been impaired and took a charge of to 2022
earnings The balance at December 31, 2022 was . 

for its General Liability and Director Officer insurance
premiums over the twelve months coverage period. The average interest rate is . At December 31, 2022 the outstanding balance had
been paid. 

plus accrued interest of due on convertible promissory notes. In January
2021, the Company received conversion notices from all of the note holders to convert the principal balance of its convertible
promissory notes plus accrued interest through the date of conversion, into shares of the Company s common stock per share conversion price). The shares were issued in January 2021. 

The
2021 Notes: 

In
May 2021, the Company issued three Convertible Promissory Notes totaling , and (the 2021
Notes ). Additionally, the Company issued a total of warrants in connection with the 2021 Notes. The fair value of these
warrants was measured using the Black-Scholes valuation model at the grant date. The table below sets forth the assumptions for Black-Scholes
valuation model on the respective reporting date as follows: 

05/05/2021 

05/19/2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the 2021 Notes were paid in full in cash. 

Total
interest expense for the Company was for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company recorded related to the Convertible Promissory Notes during the year ended December 31, 2021, which included 
of original issues discounts and of warrant and beneficial conversion features expense related to the convertible notes. 

The
2022 Notes: 

On
April 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan Agreement and a Loan Agreement (collectively the Agreements ).
Pursuant to the Agreements, the Company issued two Convertible Promissory Notes in the principal amounts of and (the
 2022 Notes ). In connection with the Notes the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrants for shares and 
shares of the Company s common stock (the Warrants ). The Notes originally had a maturity date of ,
but has been extended to April 20, 2023. In connection with the 2022 Notes, the Company issued a total of shares as origination
shares valued at fair market value of . There is no beneficial conversion feature since the conversion price is grater then the
fair value of the shares. 

The
2022 Notes have an original issuance discount of five percent ), in legal fees, an interest rate of eight percent (8 ), and
a conversion price of per share, subject to an adjustment downward if the Company is in default of the terms of the Notes. The
Warrants have a five year term, an exercise price of per share, have a cashless conversion feature until such time as the shares
underlying the Warrants are included in an effective registration and certain anti-dilution protection. 

The
fair value of origination shares and warrants issued in connection with the 2022 Note totals . 

Conversions of Notes 

2021 Notes 

Cash payments on Notes 

Principal Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 
 2022 Notes 

Principal Balance, December 31, 2022 

Total
interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled which includes amortization of the origination shares
and warrants discounts in connection with the 2022 Notes. 

promissory
note Note ), due upon the earlier of i) the closing of a public offering or ii) December 31, 2020. The note has been valued
at its discounted amount of . During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized of interest expense for
the accretion of the discount. 

In
August 2020, a Nevada court imputed a judgement of (the former owner of Magical Beasts, LLC) to (see Note
14 Legal proceedings) and advised the Company that before paying any funds under the note to Ms. Whitley, the Company must first satisfy
the judgement to the Plaintiff. In October 2020, the Company, Ms. Whitley and the Plaintiff in the judgement action against Ms. Whitley
reached an agreement whereby Ms. Whitley agreed that of the payable to Ms. Whitley, the first would be paid to the
Plaintiff which the Company has paid in full with a cash payment of and the issuance of shares of its common stock leaving
a balance of at December 31, 2020. 

In
January 2021, the Company entered into an Omnibus Amendment to the original Purchase Agreement (see Note 15) which satisfied the Company s
obligation on the Note. As a result, the Company recognized gain of in the extinguishment of debt. 

under the Federal Paycheck Protection Program PPP and under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program EIDL ), both of which are administered through the Small Business
Administration SBA ). Under the guidelines of the PPP, the SBA will forgive loans if all employee retention criteria are
met, and the funds are used for eligible expenses. During 2021, the PPP loans were forgiven, resulting in a gain of , and the
SBA notified the Company that the terms of the EIDL are a term of years and an interest rate of . The balance of the EIDL at
December 31, 2022 was . 

shares of common stock with par value of and 
shares of preferred stock with par value of . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of common
stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 

Year
ended December 31, 2021 issuances: 

Conversion
of Convertible Promissory Notes: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company converted of convertible promissory notes and accrued interest of into
 shares of its common stock. The Notes were converted per the terms of the respective Notes and the Company did not recognize
any gain or loss on the conversion. (see Note 8 Convertible Promissory Notes). 

Exercise
of Cashless Stock Options 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, a former Director of the Company exercised a portion of his stock options under the cashless provisions
and was issued shares of the Company s stock, an officer of the Company exercised a portion of his stock options under the
cashless provisions and was issued shares of the Company s stock and Ms. Whitley (see Note 14) exercised her stock options
under the cashless provisions and was issued shares of the Company s stock. 

Shares
issued for services 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into twelve Consulting Agreements under the terms of which the Company issued 
 shares of its common stock. The shares were issued
at their respective fair value based on the Company s Nasdaq closing price of the shares on the date of the agreements. Additionally,
the Company issued 
 shares of its common stock to employees. The
Company recognized a total of 
 as stock-based compensation in the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Shares
issued for Intellectual Property 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into two license agreements for the use of certain patented technology under
the terms of which the Company issued a total of shares
of its common stock valued at a total of and
paid an additional in
cash. The total is
carried as Intellectual properties on the balance sheet of the Company. The shares were issued at their respective fair value based
on the Company s Nasdaq closing price of the shares on the date of the agreements. These agreements were determined to
be impaired and 
and 
were written of in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Shares
issued in Public Offering 

In
July 2021, the company closed an underwritten public offering (the Offering of shares (the Company Offering
Shares of common stock, par value per share and warrants (the Company Warrants to purchase up to 
shares of Common Stock. The Warrants will be exercisable immediately upon issuance with an exercise price of per share and will
expire on the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date. The net proceeds from the Offering, after deducting underwriting discounts
and commissions and Offering expenses, were , which includes net proceeds from partial exercise of the underwriter s
option to purchase Company Warrants. 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 issuances and cancellations: 

Shares
issued for services 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into six Investor Relations Consulting Agreement under the terms of which the Company
agreed to issue shares of its common stock. The shares were valued at their respective fair value based on the Company s
Nasdaq closing price of the shares on the date of the agreements. The Company recognized a total of as stock-based compensation
during the year ended December 31, 2022 for these issuances. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not issued of these shares
which are included in common stock payable. 

Treasury
Shares 

In
November 2021, the Company engaged Oppenheimer Co. to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock from the public market.
At December 31, 2021, Oppenheimer had not repurchased any of the Company s securities and as of December 31, 2022 Oppenheimer had
purchased shares of the Company s common stock at a total costs of (average of 1.02 per share). As of December
31, 2022, the Company had cancelled all of the repurchased shares. 

Shares
issued in connection with Convertible Promissory Note 

On
April 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan Agreement and a Loan Agreement (collectively the Agreements ).
Pursuant to the Agreements, the Company issued two Convertible Promissory Notes in the principal amounts of and .
In connection with these Notes, the Company issued a total of shares as origination shares valued at fair market value of . 

Management
Return and Cancellation of Shares 

On
September 28, 2022 the Company received a letter from Nasdaq stating that, because the Company made certain share issuances outside of
a shareholder approved equity compensation plan, Nasdaq had determined that the Company did not comply with Listing Rule 5635(c). On
July 26, 2022, 
Following the remedial measures, the Company was informed that the Company has regained compliance with the Rule and that this matter
is now closed. 

Conversion of Promissory Notes 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock based compensation 

Consulting Services Shares 

Intellectual property 

Public offering 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Shares issued for services 

Loan origination shares for promissory note 

Shares repurchased from the market 

Management shares cancelled 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Common
Stock Payable 

During
the year ended 2021, the Company entered into two consulting agreement which call for a cash component and a stock component. At December
31, 2021 the Company had accrued of stock payable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into another
similar consulting agreement and accrued an additional for a total of of stock payable relating to the agreements. 

warrants with an exercise price of between 1.00 and 
and terms in connection with two convertible promissory notes, and during 2021 in connection with the issuance of three convertible
promissory notes, the Company issued warrants with an exercise price of and five-year term (see Note 10). 

 - 

Public
Offering Warrants: In connections with the Company s public offering (see Note 13), the Company issued warrants
to the purchasers of the common stock, exercisable immediately at an exercise price of and warrants to the underwriter
immediately exercisable at . 

The
following tables summarize all warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related changes during the period. 

Exercise
price is the weighted average for the respective warrants and end of period. 

Warrants issued in connection with Convertible Notes (see note 7) 

Warrants issued in connection with the Public offering 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Warrants issued in connection with Convertible Notes (see note 7) 

Warrants issued in connection with Convertible Notes 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Warrants Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Options 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued a total of options with an exercise price between and each
with a three-year term to its Officers and Directors and during the year ended December 2022, the Company issued a total of 
options with an exercise price of each with a three-year term to its Officers, Directors, and employees. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company entered into an Investor Relations Consulting Agreement under the terms of which the Company
issued two-year options, immediately vested, with an exercise price of . The Company recorded an expense of in connection with this issuance. 

- 
 - 

- 

- 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company cancelled a total of options to management and reallocated these to cover shares
of the Company s stock to be issued under the Company s Incentive Stock Plan. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized as compensation expense related to the option grants. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and options outstanding, respectively. 

cash at closing; 

A promissory note, non-interest bearing payable by us, due upon the earlier of i) the closing of this offering or ii)
December 31, 2020 valued at its discounted amount of ; and 

an option to purchase restricted shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share valued at . The fair
value of these options was measured using the Black-Scholes valuation model at the grant date. The table below sets forth the assumptions
for Black-Scholes valuation model on the reporting date. The market price was valued based upon the last price paid by third parties
for shares of our common stock. 

In
connection with the Magical Beasts Acquisition, Jupiter Sub shall enter into an executive employment agreement with Krista Whitley to
act as our Director of Marketing, however, until such agreement is entered into, Jupiter Sub shall pay Krista Whitley an annual salary
of . 

Valuation
and Purchase Price Allocation 

According
to ASC 805, the standard of value to be used in the application of purchase accounting rules is fair value. The Company utilized fair
value defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 820 10 35 37 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.
The determination of the fair value of the consideration and related allocation of the purchase price was determined by management of
the Company with the assistance of a qualified professional valuation firm. 

Promissory Note, net of discount 

Stock
 Options 

Total
 Consideration paid 

The purchase price allocation
 is as follows: 

Tangible assets 

Cash 

Inventory 

Total
 tangible assets 

Intangible assets 

Tradename-Trademarks 

Customer
 base 

Non-compete 

Total Intangibles 

Goodwill 

Total
 intangible net 

On
July 6, 2020, Brian Menke (the Plaintiff in Nevada court seeking to enforce a judgement that he had obtained in 2012 against
Krista Whitley, the former owner and manager of Magical Beasts LLC., in the amount of . In July 2020, the Plaintiff brought a
claim in Nevada State Court to impute such judgement to the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Magical Beasts, LLC. On August 6,
2020, the court imputed the judgement to Magical Beasts and advised the Company that before paying any funds to Ms. Whitley, they must
first satisfy the judgement to the Plaintiff. On October 12, 2020, the Company, Ms. Whitley and the Plaintiff reached a settlement agreement
whereby the Company agreed that of the note payable to Ms. Whitley, the first be paid to the Plaintiff. Ms. Whitley
in turn agreed that such payments would be applied to the owed to Ms. Whitley that was to be paid from the proceeds of the
offering and the Plaintiff agreed to withdraw the case against Magical Beasts without prejudice. In November, the Company made a cash
payment of to the Plaintiff and issued shares of its common stock valued at . The was recorded as an offset
to the note. 

On
January 25, 2021, the Company entered into an Omnibus Amendment to: (1) the Confidential Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated
February 21, 2020; (2) the Sales Distributor Agreement, dated February 21, 2020; and (3) the Executive Employment Agreement, dated March
31, 2020 (the Agreements ). Pursuant to the Omnibus Amendment, the parties (i) acknowledge that the Company has fully satisfied
its obligation of to the Plaintiff as Ms. Whitley s judgment creditors; (ii) agree that in satisfaction of the remaining
balance due to Ms. Whitley under the Agreements, she is to be paid in cash; (iii) agree that starting April 1, 2020, Whitley
shall be entitled to individually market and sell the Bella line of products remaining in the Company s inventory, as identified
in the Omnibus Amendment, and the Company will relinquish its rights to the Bella brand; (iv) agree that the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of the common stock purchase options granted to Ms. Whitley under the Agreements shall be reduced from to ,
Ms. Whitely may utilize a cashless exercise feature to exercise such options, subject to a six (6) month holding period on the shares,
and Ms. Whitley shall not be permitted to sell an amount of shares in any week which exceeds of the Company s total weekly
trading volume in the prior week; (v) agree that Ms. Whitley s Employment Agreement shall terminate on March 31, 2021 and shall
not renew; (vi) acknowledge that Ms. Whitley has been paid for unreimbursed expenses on or about December 30, 2020; and (vii)
the balance of the note due Whitley be forgiven. 

As
a result of the above, the Company recognized a gain of comprised of the forgiveness of debt of and the write-off of
the unamortized portion of Whitley s the non-compete agreement of . 

In
February 2021, Ms. Whitley exercised her options (see Omnibus Agreement above) using the cashless option feature and was issued
 shares of the Company s restricted common stock in full satisfaction of the option agreement. 

of the shares of SRM s common stock (the SRM Common Stock from the SRM Shareholders
in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock, valued at , subject to a leak out provision and escrow
of shares of the Company s common stock. Upon closing, and pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company delivered 
shares of its common stock to SRM and placed shares in escrow Escrow Shares ). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement,
the Company shall release the Escrow Shares upon SRM generating in cash receipts and revenue prior to January 15, 2021. The
SRM Shareholders shall forfeit their right to receive the Escrow Shares if SRM does not generate in cash receipts and revenue
prior to December 31, 2020. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company assumed all of the financial obligations of SRM, as well
as its employees and offices. As a result of the Exchange Agreement, SRM became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Valuation
and Purchase Price Allocation: 

According
to ASC 805, the standard of value to be used in the application of purchase accounting rules is fair value. The Company utilized fair
value defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 820 10 35 37 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.
The determination of the fair value of the consideration and related allocation of the purchase price was determined by management of
the Company. 

Market value of Company s common stock (11/30/20 Nasdaq closing price) 

Consideration paid 

Net tangible liabilities assumed 

Total consideration 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price allocation 

July 1 to June 30, 2027 

July 1 to June 30, 2023 
 
 July 1 to June 30, 2028 

July 1 to June 30, 2024 
 
 July 1 to June 30, 2029 

July 1 to June 30, 2025 

July 1 to June 30, 2026 

Under
the new standard for lease reporting, the Company recorded a Right of Use Asset ROU and an offsetting lease liability
of representing the present value of the future payments under the lease calculated using an discount rate (the current borrowing
rate of the company). The ROU and lease liability are amortized over the five-year life of the lease. The unamortized balances at December,
2022 were ROU of and . At December 31, 2022, the current portion of the lease liability was and non-current
portion of the lease liability was . Additionally, the Company recognized accreted interest expense of and rent expense
of for the lease during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Legal
Proceedings 

On August 6, 2020, the Company,
Messrs. John and Miller and certain affiliated entities filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court, Southern District of
New York against Robert Koch, Bedford Investment Partners, LLC, Kaizen Advisors, LLC and certain other unnamed defendants. The
lawsuit alleged that Mr. Koch and the other defendants were attempting to extort the Company and Messrs. John and Miller to issue
the defendants shares of the Company s common stock which they claim are owed to them. The Company asserted that they have no
oral or written agreement with Mr. Koch or any of his affiliates that entitle him to shares of the Company s common stock. The
Company s complaint seeks actual damages in the amount of 
and punitive damages in the amount of .
In response, Mr. Koch and Bedford Investment Partners, LLC (together, the Koch Parties filed their answer and
counterclaim, repeating the same claims that caused the Company to file the lawsuit, and claiming damages of over 
million. On October 6, 2020, the Company moved for judgment on the pleadings to dismiss the defendants counterclaim in its
entirety. On April 24, 2021, the Company s motion was granted and all counterclaims were dismissed with prejudice, except the
breach-of-contract and unjust enrichment claims. On June 04, 2021 the Koch Parties filed a Second Amended Counterclaim, re-alleging
their previous breach-of-contract and unjust enrichment counterclaims. On June 25, 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss
defendants Second Amended Counterclaim, which the parties briefed in summer 2021. On February 14, 2022, the court dismissed
all of the Koch Parties counterclaims except to the extent that they alleged unjust enrichment against Jupiter and Mr. John.
On March 22, 2022, the Parties engaged in a Settlement Conference before The Honorable Sarah L. Cave, which did not resolve the
case. On March 25, 2022, The Honorable Lewis J. Liman granted Jupiter and Mr. John permission to move for summary judgment
dismissing the Koch Parties unjust enrichment counterclaim; the parties briefed that motion in spring 2022. On January 30,
2023, Judge Liman largely granted Jupiter and Mr. Koch s motion, eliminating all of the Koch Parties remedy theories
except for their restitution claim for transferring the domain www.cbdbrands.net to Jupiter. 
 . After Judge Liman issued this order, the Parties
settled all claims and Jupiter and Mr. John filed a proposed order of dismissal of all claims with prejudice. Under the order,
Jupiter did not pay any amount in settlement of the claims. On February 17, 2023, Judge Liman so-ordered that proposed order and
closed the case. 

The Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from contracts
or other matters from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Management is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation
where the ultimate disposition or resolution could have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or
liquidity. 

Cost of Sales 

Gross Profit (Loss) 

SRM Entertainment 
 Revenue 

Cost of Sales 

Gross Profit (Loss) 

Combined 
 Revenue 

Cost of Sales 

Gross Profit (Loss) 

common stock warrants (the PIPE Offering at a price of per
warrant, comprised of two common stock warrants (the Common Warrants, ), each to purchase up to one share of Common Stock
per Common Warrant with an exercise price of per share , with (a) Common Warrants being immediately exercisable for three
years following 6 months from the closing of the PIPE Offering, and (b) Common Warrants being immediately exercisable for five
years following 6 months from the closing of the PIPE Offering. 

RD
Agreement 

On
January 19, 2023, The Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the RD Agreement with certain purchasers,
pursuant to which on January 23, 2023, shares of common stock, par value (the Common Stock ), at a price
of per share were issued to the purchasers (the RD Offering ). 

The
aggregate purchase price for the purchase of one share, one 3-year warrant and one 5-year warrant was . The gross proceeds to the
Company from both the PIPE Offering and the RD Offering was approximately million and net proceeds to the Company after all related
expenses was approximately . 

Registration
Rights Agreement 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers, (the Registration Rights
Agreement and together with the PIPE Agreement and the RD Agreement the Agreements ), requiring the Company to register
the securities issued under the PIPE Agreement. Pursuant to the Rights Registration Agreement, the Company has agreed to file one or
more registration statements with the SEC covering the registration of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common
Warrants. 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 855-10, the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31, 2022 to the date these financial
statements were issued and has determined that it does not have any additional material subsequent events to disclose in these financial
statements. 

F- 17 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Jupiter Wellness, Inc. 

Entity 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 
 
 Magical
 Beasts, LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 SRM
 Entertainment Limited 
 
 Hong
 Kong 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

JUPITER WELLNESS INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brian John, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jupiter Wellness, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether material or not, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

/s/ Brian John 

Brian John, 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

JUPITER WELLNESS INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Douglas McKinnon, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jupiter Wellness, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether material or not, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

/s/ Douglas McKinnon 

Douglas McKinnon, 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

JUPITER WELLNESS INC. 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18
OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

Each of the undersigned, Brian John and Douglas McKinnon,
certifies pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United
States Code, that (1) this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Jupiter Wellness, Inc. (the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in this
report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

/s/ Brian John 

Brian John, 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Douglas McKinnon 

Douglas McKinnon, 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

JUPITER WELLNESS INC. 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Douglas McKinnon, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Jupiter Wellness, Inc. on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K as amended fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of Jupiter Wellness, Inc. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Douglas McKinnon 

Name: 
 Douglas McKinnon 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which
it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of Jupiter Wellness, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 jupw-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 jupw-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 jupw-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 jupw-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

