<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1081834_0001214659-23-005432.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2825391</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114856</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>950029</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>542630</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>528093</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>631355</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-005432.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414175030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-005432
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kuber Resources Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001081834
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		IRS NUMBER:				870629754
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26119
		FILM NUMBER:		23822262

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1113 LIPPO CENTRE TOWER 2
		STREET 2:		89 QUEENSWAY
		CITY:			ADMIRALTY
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			000-000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 3703 6155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1113 LIPPO CENTRE TOWER 2
		STREET 2:		89 QUEENSWAY
		CITY:			ADMIRALTY
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			000-000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UONLIVE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080811

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA WORLD TRADE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TXON INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990329

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-005432.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 p33023810k.htm

U.S. SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the year ended
 , 2022 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ____ to____ 

Commission File Number:

(Formerly Uonlive Corp.) 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State of Incorporation 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , , ,

(Address of registrant s principal
executive offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: + 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the
Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

Title of each class 
 Ticker Symbol 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 x No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

x 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 x 

As of June 30, 2022 (last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ), based upon the last reported trade on that date 5.00 ),
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (for this purpose, all outstanding and issued
common stock minus stock held by the officers, directors and known holders of 10 or more of the Company s common stock) was . 

As of April 11, 2023,
the registrant had shares of the issuer s common stock, 0.001 par value outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

 As used in this Annual
Report, the terms we, us, our, and words of like import, and the Company refer
to Kuber Resources Corporation and all of our subsidiaries unless the context otherwise indicates or the context otherwise requires. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )).
The statements herein, which are not historical facts, reflect our current expectations and projections about the Company s future
results, performance, liquidity, financial condition, prospects and opportunities and are based upon information currently available to
us and our management and our interpretation of what we believe to be significant factors affecting our business, including many assumptions
about future events. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things: 

our ability to deliver, market and generate sales of our import services; 

our ability to develop and/or introduce new import services; 

our projected revenues, profitability and other financial metrics; 

our future financing plans; 

our anticipated needs for working capital; 

the anticipated trends in our industry; 

our ability to expand our sales and marketing capability; 

acquisitions of other companies or assets that we might undertake in the future; 

competition existing today or that will likely arise in the future; and 

other factors discussed elsewhere herein. 

Forward-looking statements,
which involve assumptions and describe our plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, 
 should, will, plan, could, target, contemplate, predict, 
 potential, continue, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, 
 intend, seek, or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these or similar
words. Actual results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities could differ
materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements because of various risks, uncertainties and other
factors, including the ability to raise sufficient capital to continue the Company s operations. These statements may be found under
Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, matters described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In light of these risks
and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will in
fact occur. 

Potential investors should
not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, there is no undertaking
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances
or any other reason. Potential investors should not make an investment decision based solely on our projections, estimates or expectations. 

The forward-looking statements
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such statements are presented
only as some guide about future possibilities and do not represent assured events, and we anticipate that subsequent events and developments
will cause our views to change. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any
date after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K also contains estimates and other statistical data prepared by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth
and other data about our industry. These estimates and data involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and potential investors are
cautioned not to give undue weight to these estimates and data. We have not independently verified the statistical and other industry
data generated by independent parties and contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates
of our future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of
uncertainty and risk. 

Except as required by
law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results differing materially
from those anticipated based on any forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Depending on
the market for our stock and other conditional tests, a specific safe harbor under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
may be available to us. Notwithstanding the above, because Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act expressly
state that the safe harbor for forward-looking statements does not apply to companies that issue penny stock, the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements may not be available to us at certain times as we may be considered to be an issuer of penny stock. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 10 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 14 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 15 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 16 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 16 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 16 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 17 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 19 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 20 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related transactions, and Director Independence 
 22 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 23 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 24 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 26 

3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

History of Our Company 

We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on January 29, 1998
under the name Weston International Development Corporation to conduct any lawful business, to exercise any lawful purpose and power,
and to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Laws of Nevada. On July
28, 1998, its name was changed to Txon International Development Corporation. 

On August 14, 2000, pursuant to a share exchange agreement dated
August 10, 2000, by and among Main Edge International Limited Main Edge ), Virtual Edge Limited Virtual Edge ),
Richard Ford, Jeanie Hildebrand and Gary Lewis, we acquired from Main Edge all of the shares of Virtual Edge (the Acquisition in exchange for an aggregate of 1,961,175 shares of our common stock, which shares equaled 75.16 of Txon International s issued
and outstanding shares after giving effect to the Acquisition. On September 15, 2000, Txon International Development Corporation changed
its name to China World Trade Corporation CWTD ). 

On March 28, 2008, CWTD entered into a Share Exchange Agreement
(the Exchange Agreement by and among CWTD, William Tsang Tsang ), Uonlive Limited, a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the Hong Kong SAR of the People s Republic of China Uonlive ), Tsun Sin Man Samuel,
Chairman of Uonlive Tsun ), Hui Chi Kit, Chief Financial Officer of Uonlive Hui ), Parure Capital Limited,
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and parent of Uonlive Parure Capital ). Upon
closing of the share exchange transaction contemplated under the Exchange Agreement, Tsun and Hui transferred all of their share capital
in Parure Capital to CWTD in exchange for an aggregate of 150,000,000 shares of common stock of the Registrant and 500,000 shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant, which is convertible after six months from the date of issuance into 100 shares of common
stock of the Registrant, thus causing Parure Capital to become a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. 

On July 2, 2008, the proposal to amend the articles of incorporation
to change the name of the corporation to Uonlive Corporation was approved by the action of a majority of all shareholders entitled to
vote on the record date and by CWTD s Board of Directors. CWTD desired to change its name to truly reflect its new business as a
holding company for Uonlive Limited, and possibly other companies that may be acquired in the future by the company (the Company 
or Uonlive ). 

On May 15, 2009, the Company approved the 1 for 100 reverse
split of its common stock. 

The Company initially ceased operations in early 2015. The Company
has fully impaired all assets since the shutdown of its operations in 2015 and recorded the effects of this impairment as part of its
discontinued operations. 

On May 2, 2017, Parure Capital was struck off the BVI Register
of Companies for non-payment of annual fees. Therefore, Parure Capital was no longer a subsidiary of the Company. 

On June 15, 2018, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Nevada
appointed Small Cap Compliance, LLC Custodian as custodian for Uonlive Corporations., proper notice having been given
to the officers and directors of Uonlive Corporation. There was no opposition. 

On June 20, 2018, the Custodian appointed Rhonda Keaveney as
CEO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director of the Company. 

On August 7, 2018, the Company filed a certificate of reinstatement
with the state of Nevada. 

On September 7, 2018, the Company authorized the issuance
of 1,000,000 shares of Convertible Series B Preferred Stock. Each one Convertible Series B Preferred Stock was entitled to be converted
into 1,000 shares of common stock. Also, each one Convertible Series B Preferred Stock was entitled to 1,000 votes of common stock. 150,000
shares of Convertible Series B Preferred Stock were issued to Chuang Fu Qu Kuai Lian Technology (Shenzhen) Limited giving Chuang Fu Qu
Kuai Lian Technology (Shenzhen) Limited the voting control of the Company. 

4 

Also on September 7, 2018, Raymond Fu was appointed as
President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and member of our Board of Directors of the Company and Rhonda Keaveney resigned
as Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, and member from the Board of Directors. 

On December 6, 2018, the Eighth Judicial District
Court of Nevada discharged Small Cap Compliance, LLC as custodian for Uonlive Corporations. 

On April 10, 2019, pursuant to an Acquisition Agreement,
the Company contracted to acquire 80 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Truly Organic Limited, a Hong Kong based company Truly Organic ), specializing in organic agriculture certification consulting in South East Asia. However, Truly Organic
was unable to provide financial statements capable of being audited by a PCAOB independent public accountant, as required in the Acquisition
Agreement. Therefore, such acquisition did not close. 

On January 13, 2020, Edwin Lun, the existing secretary of the
Board of Directors resigned. On January 13, 2020, the Board of Directors accepted his resignation. Also on January 13, 2020, (i) Timothy
Chee Yau Lam was appointed and consented to act as the new secretary of the Board of Directors and a member of the Board of Directors
of the Company, (ii) Kwok Fai Thomas Yip was appointed and consented to act as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, and
(iii) Chi Wai Michael Woo was appointed and consented to act as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

On March 2, 2020, pursuant to a Definitive Share Exchange Agreement,
Uonlive Corporation (the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Asia Image Investing Limited Asia Image ), a Hong Kong based company, specializing in trade, distribution, and consulting in Hong Kong in the tea industry.
The Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock, representing 4.8 of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock, calculated
post-issuance in exchange for the 100 issued and outstanding capital stock of Asia Image Investing Limited. 

Corporate Structure 

On March 2, 2020, the Company entered into a Definitive Share
Agreement whereby Mr. Raymond Fu, the sole shareholder of Asia Image Investment Limited, relinquished all his shares in Asia Image and
acquired 100,000 shares of the Company. Consequently, Asia Image became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

5 

On October 27,
 2020, the Company appointed AJSH Co LLP , (now known as Mercurius Associates LLP a PCOAB registered firm as its
 independent registered accounting firm who performed the Company s audit for the period ended December 31, 2019 and December
 31, 2018. 

AJSH Co LLP, (now known as Mercurius 
Associates LLP) also performed the audit for Asia Image Investment Limited for the periods ended December 31 2019, and December 31, 2018. 

On November 7, 2022,
the Company purchased from GRL21 Nominee Limited all the shares of Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited for one Hong Kong dollar (HKD1.00).
Accordingly, Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited became a fully-owned subsidiary of the Company as at November 7, 2022. Kuber Resources
(Hong Kong) Limited (previously known as Star Wise Limited) is a company incorporated in Hong Kong on October 21, 2022. It changed its
name to Kuber (Resources (Hong Kong) Limited on 1 November 2022 and concurrently filed its notification of commencement of Business by
Corporation on the same day. It had not traded and/or otherwise operated until after it had been purchased by the Company on November
7, 2022. The purpose of obtaining Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited is to start an additional line of business outside of the international
commodities trade currently undertaken by Asia Image Limited. 

On December 8, 2022, Uonlive Corporation (the
 Company filed Articles of Amendment (the Articles of Amendment to its Articles
of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of Nevada to change the Company s corporate name to Kuber Resources Corporation
(the Name Change ). In connection with the Name Change, the Company s
has changed its ticker symbol from UOLI to the new ticker symbol KUBR (the Symbol Change ). There
is no change in the CUSIP number of the Company s common stock in connection with the Name Change and Symbol Change. As
previously reported, the majority of issued and outstanding shares approved the Name Change and Symbol Change on September 15, 2022 by
written consent. 

 The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA announced the
effectiveness of the Name Change and Symbol Change on December 9, 2022, which became effective in the market and for trading
under the new name and ticker symbol on Monday, December 12, 2022. 

The
Name Change and Symbol Change do not affect the rights of the Company s security holders. The Company s common stock will
continue to be quoted on OTC Markets. Following the Name Change, the stock certificates, which reflect the former name of the Company,
will continue to be valid and need not be exchanged. Any certificates reflecting the Name Change will be issued in due course as old stock
certificates are tendered for exchange or transfer to the Company s transfer agent. 

On December 19, 2022,
Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited entered into an consulting agreement with Wing Yeung Tong Medicine Manufactory Biotech Development
Co., Limited to provide consulting services in Hong Kong. 

Business Overview 

Our main business is operating as an international trading platform with its main source of
operations as a middle buyer of commodities and selling them to end buyers. There are two sectors of commodities that the Company focuses
on; tea and precious metals. 

We have experience in the China market and can leverage off
that experience to bring together the various traditional products with customers using e-distribution channels. Our revenue streams are
generated from the sale of such products throughout China. 

We are expanding our business model by connecting traditional
products through e-channels and using technological innovation as a driving force to connect end users to increase sales. The company
intends to continuously expand the market share in the various products that it is involved in. It is committed to grow into one of the
larger market players in the sphere. 

6 

We seek to grow our business by pursing the following strategies: 

Increasing our customer base by using various e-distribution channels 

offering high quality traditional products for repeat business 

Expanding our lead generation services enabling the business to better engage their customers 

Building our own custom e-channel distribution channel 

Creating cross-selling synergies between the various suit of products and services being sold to the customers 

Using a scalable business model to eliminate certain barriers and rapid growth 

In 2022, as Covid-19 had affected the tea industry, our business focused
more on the international trading of precious metal commodities. We developed a line of trading precious metals with suppliers in South
America with the end buyers in Hong Kong, China. 

Industry Overview 

Tea Industry 

The tea industry in China is a thriving market. The aggregate
Revenue in the industry amounts to USD 92,684,000,000 of sales as at April 2020 and is expected to grow annually by 5.8 1 . 

Pursuant to statista.com, tea is the most consumed hot drink
worldwide and the most consumed non-alcoholic beverage overall. It is especially important in Asia and Eastern Europe as well as in the
United Kingdom. It serves the purpose of both caffeination and hydration. In China, tea has a much higher degree of prestige with upscale
specialty products. Depending on the quality of the tea, a kilogram of tea in China can go for upwards of USD 100,000 2 . 

1 Figures provided by Statista - https://www.statista.com/topics/4688/tea-industry-in-china/ 

 2 See 1 above. 

7 

Given the prevalence of tea in China, combining it together
with e-distribution channels can increase the industry growth and sales of the product. 

Precious Metals Industry 

The precious metals trade industry is a global business involving suppliers from
different regions of the world, including South America, and buyers from various parts of the globe, such as Hong Kong. In this industry,
suppliers from South America, particularly those in countries like Peru, Chile, and Colombia, are significant players in the trade of
precious metals such as gold, silver, and platinum. These suppliers extract and refine the metals and sell them to international buyers,
including those in Hong Kong, one of the world's major trade and financial centers. Hong Kong's end buyers include jewelers, bullion dealers,
and investors who purchase precious metals both for their intrinsic value and as a store of value. This trade industry creates opportunities
for both suppliers and buyers, contributing significantly to the global economy. 

Our Strategy 

We intend to modernize and enhance the experience of China products
by distributing our products through e-distribution channels. In addition to tea and precious metals, the company plans on expanding into
other areas to close the distribution gap between supplier and end buyer. 

Our business objective is to generate revenues based on the
sale of the products and to maintain and grow a customer base based upon our internal database. 

Our target market is the China consumer market as well as corporate
clients. Given the importance of tea culture within China, being a consumable, this product becomes a staple for meetings in board rooms
and at home as an everyday product. As to precious metals, as there is a high demand for precious metals in China, Hong Kong being a trading
hub is an excellent location for this business. 

The Company seeks to leverage management s experience
to expand its consumer base, starting with corporate clients. 

Potential competitors 

There will be an abundance of competitors in the market, given
the highly competitive environment we operate in, from both existing competitors and new market entrants. The Company s competitors
include Urban Tea Inc., Maiji ), Luosennina ),
NAYUKI ), and Chayanyuese ),
all of which are located in the Hunan province. However, given that this is a consumable product that is used daily, the market should
able to absorb all such products. 

 As to precious commodities trading in Hong Kong, we face significant
competition from a variety of established companies in the region. Key players include industry leaders such as Chow Tai Fook and Luk
Fook, both of which have extensive experience in the production and distribution of precious jewelry and metals on a global scale. Additionally,
there are numerous multinational banks and financial institutions operating in the city, along with other specialized traders and dealers,
who are also potential competitors in the industry. In order to succeed in this highly competitive market, our company must differentiate
ourselves by providing exceptional customer service, offering innovative solutions, and building strong relationships with both our suppliers
and buyers. By continually evolving and adapting to the changing market conditions, we are confident that we can maintain our position
as a competitive player in the precious commodities trading industry in Hong Kong. 

Products 

Currently our tea plantation partners offer a wide range of
tea drinks. The products are focused on not only their taste but also their aesthetic presentation and health benefits. Our products are
currently being offered via our managed stores. The product is produced, packaged and ready for consumption by our tea plantation partners
in China. 

Our goal is to be a leading brand of tea beverages in each city
in which we currently and intend to operate, by selling the finest quality tea beverages and related products, as well as complementary
food offerings, and by providing each customer with a pleasant and comfortable environment. The current products being offered by
our tea plantation partners are being sold in Fujian, in China. 

The main product being sold is Yunnan Chi Tse Beeng Cha, which
is a type of pu-er tea. 

As to precious metals, in 2022, we have been importing tin ore
and have contracts for copper ore. 

Seasonality 

The industry for the sale of tea-based beverages goes through
a peak season from April to October, while the rest of the year is off-season. Moreover, seasonality includes adverse weather conditions
and ordering during festive seasons, specifically Chinese New Year, where many of the factories may be closed. We have implemented a few
measures to mitigate the impact of such seasonal fluctuations in sale, such as taking reserve stock to be sold during the off-season.
As pu-er tea can be aged, keeping pu-er tea stock not only increases our inventory, but is also a good investment for later sales. 

As to precious metals, shipping can take from 45 to 90 days
from South America to Hong Kong depending on a variety of reasons and conditions, such as custom issues from the load port and quality
issues of the cargoes at the discharge port. 

8 

Management, Culture and Training 

We are guided by a philosophy that recognizes customer service
and the importance of delivering optimal performance. 

Passion for Tea. We seek to recruit, hire, train, retain and
promote qualified, knowledgeable and enthusiastic business partners who share our passion for tea and strive to deliver an extraordinary
retail experience to our customers. 

Extensive Training. We have specific training and certification requirements for potential business partners,
 including undergoing food handlers certification and foundational training. This process helps ensure that all team members educate
 our customers and execute our standards accurately and consistently. As team members progress to the assistant manager and manager levels,
 they undergo additional weeks of training in sales, operations and management. 

This philosophy extends to all types of trading and is applicable to precious metals
trade. 

Business and Strategic Partners 

Currently, we are strategically aligned with Dongguan Gongxiang
Tea Food Company Ltd, which is a tea plantation in Fujian that supplies the products mentioned above. 

As to precious metals, we have strategically aligned with suppliers
in South America. 

Licenses, Permits and Government Regulations 

PRC Legal System 

The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on the PRC
Constitution and is made up of written laws, regulations and directives. Unlike in the US where the law built partly upon decisions of
common law cases, court cases in the PRC do not constitute binding precedents. The governmental directives are organized in the following
hierarchy. 

The National People s Congress of the PRC NPC and the Standing Committee of the NPC are empowered by the PRC Constitution to exercise the legislative power of the state. The NPC has
the power to amend the PRC Constitution and to enact and amend primary laws governing the state organs and civil and criminal matters.
The Standing Committee of the NPC is empowered to interpret, enact and amend laws other than those required to be enacted by the NPC. 

The State Council of the PRC is the highest organ of state administration
and has the power to enact administrative rules and regulations. Ministries and commissions under the State Council of the PRC are also
vested with the power to issue orders, directives and regulations within the jurisdiction of their respective departments. Administrative
rules, regulations, directives and orders promulgated by the State Council and its ministries and commissions must not be in conflict
with the PRC Constitution or the national laws and, in the event that any conflict arises, the Standing Committee of the NPC has the power
to annul such administrative rules, regulations, directives and orders. 

At the regional level, the people s congresses of provinces
and municipalities and their standing committees may enact local rules and regulations and the people s government may promulgate
administrative rules and directives applicable to their own administrative area. These local laws and regulations may not be in conflict
with the PRC Constitution, any national laws or any administrative rules and regulations promulgated by the State Council. 

Rules, regulations or directives may be enacted or issued at
the provincial or municipal level or by the State Council of the PRC or its ministries and commissions in the first instance for experimental
purposes. After sufficient experience has been gained, the State Council may submit legislative proposals to be considered by the NPC
or the Standing Committee of the NPC for enactment at the national level. 

Governmental Regulations
in Relation to the Company s Businesses 

Regulations Related to Retail 

There are no separate mandatory legal provisions on the retail
business model in the PRC. Companies and individual businesses may engage is the retail business as long as they have registered with
the commerce departments in accordance with the laws such as the Regulation on Individual Industrial and Commercial Households and Administration
of the Registration of Enterprises As Legal Persons, and include retail in the business scope on their business license. 

9 

Seasonality 

We believe our operation and sales do not experience seasonality. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not maintain off balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any contractual
obligations. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are included elsewhere in this registration statement. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide
the information pursuant to this Item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our mailing address is 1113, Tower 2, Lippo Centre,
89 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong Kong. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits
and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. We are currently not aware of any such legal
proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or operating results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

10 

Part II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDERS
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC market Pink
Sheets under the symbol KUBR. For the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of
common stock. The below prices represent inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily
represent actual transactions. 

Price Range 

Period 
 
 High 

Low 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 

4.50 

4.50 

Second Quarter 

5.00 

5.00 

Third Quarter 

5.75 

5.75 

Fourth Quarter 

1.10 

1.10 

Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

First Quarter 

18.00 

18.00 

Second Quarter 

8.71 

8.71 

Third Quarter 

5.05 

5.05 

Fourth Quarter 

4.95 

4.95 

Stockholders of Record 

As of April 11, 2023, the Company has 150 recorded
holders of our Common Stock. This number excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial owners of shares held in street name,
the accuracy of which cannot be guaranteed. 

Issuer Direct Corporation, One Glenwood Avenue, Suite 1001, Raleigh, NC 27603, is
the transfer agent for our Common Stock. 

Effective on August 11, 1993, the SEC adopted Rule 15g-9, which
established the definition of a penny stock, for purposes relevant to the Company, as any equity security that has a market
price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction
involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (i) that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions
in penny stocks; and (ii) that the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the
identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks,
the broker or dealer must (i) obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person; and (ii) make a reasonable
determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience
in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior
to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight
form, (i) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (ii) states that the broker or dealer
received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing
in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading, and about commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered
representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny
stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account
and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue 1,000,000,000 common shares at a
par value of .001. As of December 31, 2022 and April 11, 2023 there are 132,606,355 and 132,612,342 common shares outstanding, respectively.
Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote per share. 

Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock
at a par value of 0.001. Out of the 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, we are authorized to issue 2,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock and 1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

11 

Series A Preferred
Shares 

The following is a description of the material rights of our
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock: Each share of Series A convertible Preferred Stock shall have a par value of 0.001 per share. The
Series A Preferred Stock shall vote on any matter that may from time to time be submitted to the Company s shareholders for a vote,
on a one for one basis. If the Company effects a stock split which either increases or decreases the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding and entitled to vote, the voting rights of the Series A shall not be subject to adjustment unless specifically authorized. 

Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be
convertible into one share of Common Stock Conversion Ratio ), at the option of a Holder, at any time and from time to time,
from and after the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, subject to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock or to the rights
of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common
Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the price per share actually paid to the Corporation upon the
initial issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock (each, the the Original Issue Price for each share of Series A Preferred
Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. Unless the Corporation can establish a different Original Issue Price in
connection with a particular sale of Series A Preferred Stock, the Original issue price shall be 0.001 per share for the Series A Preferred
Stock. If, upon the occurrence of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets and funds thus 

Dividends 

Dividends, if any, will be contingent upon our revenues and
earnings, if any, capital requirements and financial conditions. The payment of dividends, if any, will be within the discretion of our
board of directors. We intend to retain earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and accordingly, the board of directors does
not anticipate declaring any dividends prior to an acquisition transaction, nor can there be any assurance that any dividends will be
paid following any acquisition. 

Series B Preferred
Shares 

As of March 1, 2021, we have issued 800,000 shares of Series
B Preferred Shares, with 0.001 par value per share. 650,000 of those Series B Preferred Shares have been converted to common stock leaving
150,000 Series B Preferred Shares. 

The following is a description of the material rights of our
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock: Each share of Series B convertible Preferred Stock shall have a par value of 0.001 per share. The
Series B Preferred Stock shall vote on any matter that may from time to time be submitted to the Company s shareholders for a vote,
on a 1,000 for one basis. If the Company effects a stock split which either increases or decreases the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding and entitled to vote, the voting rights of the Series A shall not be subject to adjustment unless specifically authorized. 

Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall be
convertible into one thousand shares of Common Stock Conversion Ratio ), at the option of a Holder, at any time and from
time to time, from and after the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, subject to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock or to the rights of
any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock
by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the price per share actually paid to the Corporation upon the initial
issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock (each, the the Original Issue Price for each share of Series B Preferred Stock
then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. Unless the Corporation can establish a different Original Issue Price in connection
with a particular sale of Series B Preferred Stock, the Original issue price shall be 0.001 per share for the Series B Preferred Stock.
If, upon the occurrence of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets and funds thus 

Dividends 

Dividends, if any, will be contingent upon our revenues and
earnings, if any, capital requirements and financial conditions. The payment of dividends, if any, will be within the discretion of our
board of directors. We intend to retain earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and accordingly, the board of directors does
not anticipate declaring any dividends prior to an acquisition transaction, nor can there be any assurance that any dividends will be
paid following any acquisition. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Agreements 

None. 

12 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we did not have sales of unregistered securities other than those already disclosed in the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q in the year
of 2022 and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Recent Purchases of Equity Securities by us and our Affiliated
Purchasers 

None. 

Where You Can Find Additional Information 

We are a reporting company and file annual, quarterly and current
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. For further information with respect to the Company, you may read and copy
its reports, proxy statements and other information, at the SEC public reference rooms at 100 F. Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.
You can request copies of these documents by writing to the SEC and paying a fee for the copying cost. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330
for more information about the operation of the public reference rooms. The Company s SEC filings are also available at the SEC s
web site at http://www.sec.gov. 

13 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s Plan of Operation 

The following discussion contains forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact
that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use of words such as anticipate , estimate ,
 expect , project , intend , plan , believe , and other words and terms
of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. From time to time, we also may provide
forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public. 

Overview 

The Company s current business
objective is to seek operate in the tea and precious metals industry, including acting as a distributor and trader. We intend to use the
Company s limited personnel and financial resources in connection with such activities. 

On November 7, 2022, the Company purchased
from GRL21 Nominee Limited all the shares of Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited for one Hong Kong dollar (HKD1.00). Accordingly, Kuber
Resources (Hong Kong) Limited became a fully-owned subsidiary of the Company as at November 7, 2022. Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited
(previously known as Star Wise Limited) is a company incorporated in Hong Kong on October 21, 2022. It changed its name to Kuber (Resources
(Hong Kong) Limited on 1 November 2022 and concurrently filed its notification of commencement of Business by Corporation on the same
day. It had not traded and/or otherwise operated until after it had been purchased by the Company on November 7, 2022. The purpose of
obtaining Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited is to start an additional line of business outside of the international commodities trade
currently undertaken by Asia Image Limited. 

Results Of Operations 

During The Year Ended December 31, 2022 As Compared To The Year Ended December
31, 2021 

Revenue 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company generated 1,562,629 and no revenue in the previous year , respectively. 

Expenses 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
incurred 68,289 and 81,812 as total operating expenses, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating expenses consisted
of 59,557 in professional fees which primarily included audit and accounting fees. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
incurred 81,812 as total operating expenses which consists of 372,887 as professional fees which primarily includes fees audit and
accounting expense. Mr. Raymond Fu, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company is also the indirect beneficial owner of Uonlive
(Hong Kong) Limited. Also refer note no. 8. 

Net Income (Loss) 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 we incurred
a net income of 758,130. For the years ended December 31, 2021 we incurred a net
loss of 81,812. The increase in net income is due to ramp up of business activity during 2022 which was as a result of the Asia Image
Acquisition. 

14 

Liquidity 

Currently, we are relying on sales of our products. Currently,
we pay costs associated with running a business on a day to day basis . 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had current assets of 1,255,948 which consists
 109,187 cash on hand, 1,087,589 in advances to suppliers, 55,172 in loans to related parties, and 4,000 in prepaid expenses and current
liabilities of 483,979. As of December 31, 2021, we had current assets of 56,085 which consists 52,279 cash on hand, and 3,806 prepaid
expenses and current liabilities of 402,674. 

To the extent that our capital resources are insufficient to
meet current or planned operating requirements, we will seek additional funds through equity or debt financing, collaborative or other
arrangements with corporate partners, licensees or others, and from other sources, which may have the effect of diluting the holdings
of existing shareholders. The Company has no current arrangements with respect to, or sources of, such additional financing and we do
not anticipate that existing shareholders will provide any portion of our future financing requirements. 

No assurance can be given that additional financing will be
available when needed or that such financing will be available on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate funds are not available,
we may be required to delay or terminate expenditures for certain of its programs that it would otherwise seek to develop and commercialize.
This would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1934. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any contractual
obligations. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

 Our significant
accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are included
elsewhere in this registration statement. 

Going concern assumption . 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accumulated
deficit of 3,285,836 and accumulated deficits of approximately 4,043,966, respectively. Our directors are of the opinion that the preparation
of these financial statements is based on a going concern and its basis has been stated in Note 3 to the financial statements. Should
there be any problem in the going concern of us, all the assets and liabilities have to be stated at net realizable values. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Seasonality 

We believe our operation and sales do not experience seasonality. 

Subsequent Events 

ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the notes thereto are set forth on page F-1 through F-17 of this Annual Report. The Company s
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or US GAAP, and pursuant
to Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC. The financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going
concern. 

15 

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive officer/principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. Based on
this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that our disclosure and
controls are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors
regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with US GAAP, including those policies
and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over
financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation,
Management concluded the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding internal controls over financial reporting. Our internal control
over financial reporting was not subject to such attestation as we are a smaller reporting company. 

Changes in internal controls 

There was no change in our internal controls over financial
reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report, which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal controls over financial reporting . 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

16 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set forth below is information regarding our directors and executive
officers as of the date of this Annual Report. The Board is comprised of only one class. All of the directors will serve until the next
annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation
or removal. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board. To date we have not had an annual meeting. There are no
family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Raymond Fu 
 
 54 
 
 President, Treasurer, CEO, Secretary, Director 
 
 Timothy Lam Chee Yau 
 
 38 
 
 Secretary, Director 
 
 Michael Woo Chi Wai 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Shiu Chung Chan 
 
 36 
 
 Director 
 
 Hok Hin Mui 
 
 32 
 
 Director 

The following is a brief biography of each of our executive
officers and directors: 

FU, RAYMOND 

Mr. Raymond Fu has more than 20 years of professional experience
in operations, management and M A in the finance industry. From 1993 until 2005, Mr Fu worked various roles at Triplenic Holdings
Limited (now known as Fujian Group Limited (HKEX:181)), including as an executive director where he helped the group grow from a market
value of 1 billion HKD to 300 billion HKD. From 2005 to present, Mr Fu has held his role as an executive director of Asia Image Investment
Limited. 

Mr Fu is also currently serving as the sole director and controlling
shareholder of Uonlive (Hong Kong) Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong, since its incorporation on 22 May 2020. He is also the
sole director and a shareholder of Chuang Fu Capital Equity CCI Capital Limited, a Hong Kong company, since its incorporation on 4 December
2018. Chuang Fu Capital Equity CCI Capital Limited is the sole shareholder of Chuang Fu Qu Kuai Technology (Shenzhen) Limited, a company
incorporated in Shenzhen, China. 

Mr. Fu has served in various public positions including President
of the Lions Club and Honorary President of the New Territories Manufacturer's Association. 

LAM, CHEE YAU TIMOTHY 

Timothy was admitted as a lawyer in New South Wales, Australia
in 2007. He is also admitted and a qualified lawyer in New Zealand and Hong Kong. Since 2019, he has been a Partner in a Hong Kong law
firm and has experience across multiple jurisdictions including USA, Hong Kong, Australia, and China. Timothy has worked in both domestic
and international firms in Australia and Hong Kong. 

 Timothy has a Bachelors
in Arts (Philosophy), Bachelors in Law, Masters in Law (Corporate and Finance), Masters in Industrial Property, Masters in Applied Law
(Commercial Litigation), Masters in Strategic Public Relations, Masters in Buddhist Studies and a Masters in Buddhist Counselling. 

Timothy has advised and acted for multiple listed companies
in Hong Kong and Australia. He has also advised listed company board members on their obligations and has also advised high level corporate
and governmental staff as to their duties in their roles. 

Timothy is a Member of the Hong Kong Law Society, a Member of
the NSW Law Society, a Governor to the Board of the Children s Cancer Foundation and a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Directors.
He has acted on multiple boards in private companies in Australia and Hong Kong. 

17 

WOO, CHI WAI MICHAEL 

Michael is a consultant and has over 20 years of specialized
experience working for international financial institutions and large corporate enterprises. His experience spans across working for various
listed companies in multi-jurisdictions including the USA, Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia and China. From 1997 to 1999, Michael joined
the Australian listed company Zhongxiang Construction Group (ASX:CIH) as a deputy manager of project financing. In 2003 to 2008, Michael
joined Hong Kong First Asia Financial Group (now known as National Investment Limited HKEX:1227) as a partner of the global capital markets
team. From 2009 to 2013, Michael Joined the China Minmetals Securities as the International Capital Markets Operations Director. From
2017 to 2019, Michael joined the HSBC Financial Group Co., Ltd as a Chief Strategy Officer. He has been involved in multiple large-scale
deals which include raising over 1 billion dollars worth of capital. He has also experience in managing companies at various levels
including acting as a director for various company boards. 

CHAN, SHIU CHUNG 

Shiu Chung obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Japanese
Studies from the University of Hong Kong in 2011, and obtained a Masters of Business Administration in International Business from the
University of Greenwich in 2019. 

Shiu Chung is currently also currently the General
Manager for Emperio Securities and Assets Management Ltd in Hong Kong. 

MUI, HOK HIN 

 Hok Hin obtained a Bachelor of Economic and Finance
from the University of Hong Kong in 2013. He has experience in asset management and is currently a trader in the Sunrich Asset Management
Limited Group in Hong Kong. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

 Our board of directors has not established any
committees, including an audit committee, a compensation committee, a nominating committee or any committee performing a similar function.
The functions of those committees are being undertaken by our Board as a whole. Because we only recently (March 2023) appointed two independent
directors, the establishment of committees of the Board of Directors has not yet been undertaken. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that
applies to our directors, officers and all employees. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among the directors and executive
officers of the Company. 

Directors Compensation 

 We have not paid any cash compensation to members
of our Board of Directors. 

The Company will reimburse its directors for reasonable expenses
in connection with attendance at board and committee meetings. Directors will also be eligible to receive stock options offered by our
company from time to time. No options have been granted to any director. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, our sole director or any executive
officers have not, during the past ten years: 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
 violations and other minor offenses); 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership,
 corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing
 or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court
 of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting,
 his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities,
 or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

18 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading
 Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree,
 or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants),
 relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting
 financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
 or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation
 prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section
 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
 over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Corporate Governance 

 The business and affairs of the Company are managed
by the Board of Directors. In addition to the contact information in this Annual Report, each stockholder will be given specific information
on how he/she can direct communications to the officers and directors of the Company at our annual stockholders meetings. All communications
from stockholders are relayed to the board of member. 

Role in Risk Oversight 

 Our sole director is primarily responsible for
overseeing our risk management processes. The Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and
others, as considered appropriate regarding our company s assessment of risks. The sole director focuses on the most significant
risks facing our company and our company s general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by our company
are consistent with the board s appetite for risk. While the sole director oversees our company s risk management, management
is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires our
directors, officers and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of common stock and other of our equity securities. To our knowledge, based solely on review of the copies of
such reports furnished to us, all Section 16(a) filings applicable to officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders were not timely
made during year 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 No executive compensation was paid during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has no employment agreement with any of its officers and directors. 

Agreements with Named Executive Officers 

On March 2, 2020, the Company entered into a Definitive Share
Agreement whereby Mr. Raymond Fu, the sole shareholder of Asia Image Investment Limited, and the an officer and director of the Company,
relinquished all his shares in Asia Image and acquired 100,000 shares of the Company. Consequently, Asia Image became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension,
retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which
cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the
discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

19 

Compensation of Directors 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we have not paid compensation to any of our directors. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

 There
were no equity awards outstanding as of the end of the year ending December 31, 2022. 

Compensation Policies and Practices as They Relate to the
Company s Risk Management 

We believe that our current compensation policies and practices
for all employees, including executive officers, do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 

Equity Compensation Plan 

The Company currently does not have any equity compensation
plans; however, the Company is currently deliberating on implementing an equity compensation plan. 

Directors and Officers Liability Insurance 

The Company currently does not have insurance for directors
and officers against liability; however, the Company is in the process of investigating the availability of such insurance. 

Change of Control Compensatory Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no pension plans or compensatory
plans or other arrangements which provide compensation in the event of termination of employment or change in control of us. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 

The following table sets forth as of April 11, 2023 the number of shares
of the Company s common stock and preferred stock owned on record or beneficially by each person known to be the beneficial owner
of 5 or more of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s voting stock, and by each of the Company s directors and
executive officers and by all its directors and executive officers as a group. As of April 11, 2023 there were 132,612,342 common
shares issued and outstanding. 

The amounts and percentages
of our Common Stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC rules governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities.
Under the SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting
power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment power, which includes
the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities
of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or
other right. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed
to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders
named in the table below, or his or her family members, has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of our Common
Stock. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the shareholders listed below is: 1113, Tower 2, Lippo Center, 89 Queensway,
Hong Kong, Hong Kong 000000. 

20 

In computing the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares of Common Stock as held by that person
or entity that are currently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days of April 11, 2023. 

List of Common stockholder 

Name of Shareholder 
 Affiliation 
with 
Company 
 Number of Common 
Shares 
 Percent of Class 
 Note 
 
 Raymond Fu 
 President / CEO/ Secretary / Treasurer / Director 
 5,000 
 
 1,3 

Uonlive (Hong Kong) Limited 
 N/A 
 116,587,211 
 87.9 
 1 

List of Preference Shareholders- 

Name of Shareholder 
 Affiliation 
with 
Company 
 Number of 
Shares 
 Holding 
 Nature of 
Preference 
shares 
 Notes 
 
 Dragon Ace Global Limited 
 N/A 
 250,000 
 21.37 
 Series A 
 2 
 
 Standford Global Capital Limited 
 N/A 
 250,000 
 21.37 
 Series A 
 3 
 
 Chuang Fu Qu Kuai Lian Technology (Shenzhen) Limited 
 N/A 
 150,000 
 12.82 
 Series B 
 4 
 
 Uonlive (Hong Kong) Limited 
 
 520,000 
 44.44 
 Series A 
 1,3 

less than 1 

1 Raymond Fu is the direct beneficial owner of 5,000 common shares
and indirect beneficial owner of 116,587,211 of common stock of the Company and 520,000 Series A
preferred shares through Uonlive (Hong Kong) Limited, of which Raymond Fu is the indirect beneficial owner of 99 of its share capital. 

 2. Chi
Hung Tsang, is the control person of Dragon Ace Global Limited and has dispositive voting
control thereof; its business address is 5/F Guangdong Finance Building 88, Connaught Road West Hong Kong, Hong Kong. 

 3. Chi Hung Tsang , 
 is the control person of Standford and has dispositive voting control thereof; its business address
is 5/F Guangdong Finance Building 88, Connaught Road West Hong Kong, Hong Kong. 

4. Zhong Jia Ping, is
a Director of Chuang Fu Qu Kuai Lian Technology (Shenzhen) Limited and has dispositive voting control thereof. 

T here are no other persons known
by us who owns beneficially 5 or more of our common stock as of April 11, 2023 . 

21 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Other than compensation agreements and other arrangements described
in Management, and our transactions described below, since our inception there has not been, nor is there currently proposed,
any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be a party: 

in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and 

in which any current director, executive officer, holder of 5 or more of our shares of Common Stock on an
 as-converted basis or any member of their immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Related parties payable 

On March 02, 2020, the Company entered into a Definitive Share
Agreement whereby Raymond Fu, the sole shareholder of Asia Image Investment Limited Asia Image ), relinquished all his shares
in Asia Image and acquired 100,000 shares of the Company. Consequently, Asia Image became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On May 26, 2020 and October 10, 2020, the Company issued 650,000
(Series B Convertible Preferred Stock) and 520,000 (Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) Convertible Preferred Stock to Uonlive (Hong
Kong) Limited for the provision of management services valued at 54,586 and 290,990 respectively. Mr. Raymond Fu, President, and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company is also the indirect beneficial owner of Uonlive (Hong Kong) Limited. 

Loan Payable-Related Party 

 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company has a loan payable of
 77,785 and 170,712 to Mr. Raymond Fu, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, respectively. This loan is unsecured, non-interest
bearing and it is repayable on demand. 

Note Payable-Related Party 

 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company has a note payable of
and 0 and 167,554 to Mr. Raymond Fu, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. This note is unsecured, non-interest bearing
and it is repayable on demand. 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors will
periodically review relationships that directors have with the Company to determine whether the directors are independent. Directors are
considered independent as long as they do not accept any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee (other than director
fees) from the Company, are not an affiliated person of the Company or its subsidiaries (e.g., an officer or a greater-than-ten-percent
stockholder) and are independent within the meaning of applicable laws, regulations. In this latter regard, the Board of Directors will
use the Nasdaq listing rules (specifically, Section 5605(a)(2) of such rules) as a benchmark for determining which, if any, of its directors
are independent, solely in order to comply with applicable SEC disclosure rules. However, this is for disclosure purposes only. 

Our Board of Directors has determined, after considering all the relevant
facts and circumstances, that Shiu Chung Chan and Hok Hin Mui are independent directors, as independence is defined by the
listing standards of Nasdaq, and by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, because they have no relationship with us that would
interfere with their exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as a director. Mr. Fu, Mr. Lam, and Mr. Woo
are not independent as defined by the listing standards. 

22 

ITEM 14. PRICINPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

 For the Company s fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we were billed approximately 37,000 and 34,000 for professional services rendered for the audit and review of our
financial statements. 

Audit Related Fees 

There were no fees for audit related services for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were no fees for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

The Company did not incur any other fees related to services
rendered by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Effective May 6, 2003, the SEC adopted rules that require that
before our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service,
the engagement be: 

approved by our audit committee; or 

entered into pursuant to preapproval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided
 the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies
 and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee s responsibilities to management. 

We do not have an audit committee. Our board of
directors preapproves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. However, all of the above services and
fees were reviewed and approved by the board for the respective services were rendered. 

23 

ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(a) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The following financial
statements are included in this report: 

24 

(b) EXHIBITS. The following exhibits are included
as part of this report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Notice of Entry of Order, Eight Judicial District Court, Clark County, Nevada, Case No.: A-18-774165-P dated 19 June 2018 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

2.2 
 
 Notice of Entry of Order, Eight Judicial District Court, Clark County, Nevada, Case No.: A-18-774165-P dated 6 December 2018 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

2.3 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 2, 2020, by and between Uonlive Corporation and Asia Image Investing Limited (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Weston International Development Corporation dated January 21, 1998 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.2 
 
 Revised and Amended Articles of Incorporation of Txon International Development Corporation dated March 31, 1999 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.3 
 
 Written Consent of the Shareholders of Txon International Development Corporation dated August 18, 2000 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Txon International Development Corporation dated September 15, 2000 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Reinstatement dated September 6, 2002 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation dated March 26, 2008 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed August 1, 2008 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed October 15, 2008 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed August 17, 2009 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Reinstatement dated August 25, 2014 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Reinstatement dated August 7, 2018 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.12 
 
 Certificate of Amendment by Custodian filed September 10, 2018 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

25 

3.13 
 
 Certificate of Designation filed September 10, 2018 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.14 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 filed September 10, 2018 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.15 
 
 Certificate of Amendment dated June 4, 2020 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.16 
 
 Certificate of Amendment dated June 4, 2020 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.17 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Designation - After Issuance of Class or Series dated November 9, 2020 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.18 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated December 8, 2022 

3.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. 

10 
 
 General Contract for the Supply and Delivery of Goods, by and between the Company and Dongguan Gongxiang Tea Food Company Ltd., dated June 22, 2020 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-12G, filed on February 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 

23 
 
 Consent of Independent Auditor 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

26 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm (PCAOB ID 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of Kuber Resources Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Kuber Resources Corporation formerly known as Uonlive Corporation) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit
and cash flows, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has an accumulated deficit of 3,285,836 and working capital surplus of 771,970, as of December 31, 2022, and an accumulated
deficit of 4,043,966 and a working capital deficit of 346,589 as of December 31, 2021. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this uncertainty are also described
in the Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

F- 1 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of financial statement. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The Critical Audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

Formerly known as AJSH Co LLP) 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2019. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

KUBER RESOURCES CORPORATION 

(Formerly Uonlive Corp.) 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Audited) 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expense and other assets 

Loan to related party 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

Property plant and equipment, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Short term borrowings 

Notes payable related party 
 - 

Contract liability 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series B Convertible Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31,2022 and 2021 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholder s equity
 (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

KUBER RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 (Formerly Uonlive Corp.) 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Audited) 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Sales 
 
 - 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

Gross Profit 
 
 - 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative expense 

Professional fees 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 

Net Income from operations 

Other Income and Expense 

Interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Gain (loss) on settlement of debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 
 - 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net Income 

Basic and dilutive net loss per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

KUBER RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 (Formerly Uonlive Corp.) 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Audited) 

Series A and B Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid In 
 Retained 
 Total 
 
 Stockholders' 

Number of Shares 
 Par Value 
 Number of Shares 
 Par Value 
 Number of Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Deficit 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

) 

- 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2021 

) 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for related party debt settlement 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

KUBER RESOURCES CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE PERIOD 

 (Audited) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Prepaid expense and other assets 

Interest receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Short term borrowings 

Contract liability 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Fixed asset purchase 
 - 

Loan to related party 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION 
 - 
 - 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the periods for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Repayment of related party debt 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

KUBER RESOURCES CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Audited) 

. 

On June 21, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock
valued at per share to Raymond Fu as repayment of a portion of all related party debt totaling . 

On November 7, 2022,
the Company purchased from GRL21 Nominee Limited all the shares of Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited for one Hong Kong dollar (HKD1.00).
Accordingly, Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited became a fully-owned subsidiary of the Company as at November 7, 2022. Kuber Resources
(Hong Kong) Limited (previously known as Star Wise Limited) is a company incorporated in Hong Kong on October 21, 2022. It changed its
name to Kuber (Resources (Hong Kong) Limited on 1 November 2022 and concurrently filed its notification of commencement of Business by
Corporation on the same day. It had not traded and/or otherwise operated until after it had been purchased by the Company on November
7, 2022. The purpose of obtaining Kuber Resources (Hong Kong) Limited is to start an additional line of business outside of the international
commodities trade currently undertaken by Asia Image Limited. 

On December 8, 2022, Uonlive Corporation (the
 Company filed Articles of Amendment (the Articles of Amendment to its Articles
of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of Nevada to change the Company s corporate name to Kuber Resources Corporation
(the Name Change ). In connection with the Name Change, the Company s
has changed its ticker symbol from UOLI to the new ticker symbol KUBR (the Symbol Change ). There
is no change in the CUSIP number of the Company s common stock in connection with the Name Change and Symbol Change. As
previously reported, the majority of issued and outstanding shares approved the Name Change and Symbol Change on September 15, 2022 by
written consent. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA announced the
effectiveness of the Name Change and Symbol Change on December 9, 2022, which became effective in the market and for trading
under the new name and ticker symbol on Monday, December 12, 2022. 

The
Name Change and Symbol Change do not affect the rights of the Company s security holders. The Company s common stock will
continue to be quoted on OTC Markets. Following the Name Change, the stock certificates, which reflect the former name of the Company,
will continue to be valid and need not be exchanged. Any certificates reflecting the Name Change will be issued in due course as old stock
certificates are tendered for exchange or transfer to the Company s transfer agent. 

Reorganization and Share Exchange 

On March 02, 2020, the Company entered into a
Definitive Share Agreement whereby Raymond Fu, the sole shareholder of Asia Image Investment Limited Asia Image ), relinquished
all his shares in Asia Image and acquired shares of the Company. Consequently, Asia Image became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company. 

Since the major shareholder of Uonlive retained
control of both the Company and Asia Image, the share exchange was accounted for as a reverse merger. As such, the Company recognized
the assets and liabilities of Asia Image, acquired in the Reorganization, at their historical carrying amounts. 

The accompanying financial statements are prepared
on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The Company is a development
stage enterprise devoting substantial efforts to establishing a new business, financial planning, raising capital, and research into products
which may become part of the Company s product portfolio. The Company has not realized significant sales through since inception.
A development stage company is defined as one in which all efforts are devoted substantially to establishing a new business and, even
if planned principal operations have commenced, revenues are insignificant. 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues
sufficient to cover its operating costs and is dependent on debt and equity financing to fund its operations. Management of the Company
is making efforts to raise additional funding until a registration statement relating to an equity funding facility is in effect. While
management of the Company believes that it will be successful in its capital formation and planned operating activities, there can be
no assurance that the Company will be able to raise additional equity capital, or be successful in the development and commercialization
of the products it develops or initiates collaboration agreements thereon. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

with the related to services which it will deliver within one year as a current
liability. 

and working capital
of , as of December 31, 2022, and a accumulated deficit of and a working capital deficit of as of December
31, 2021. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the continuation of the Company as a going concern.
The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and is dependent on debt and
equity financing to fund its operations. Management of the Company is making efforts to raise additional funding until a registration
statement relating to an equity funding facility is in effect. While management of the Company believes that it will be successful in
its capital formation and planned operating activities, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise additional equity
capital or be successful in the development and commercialization of the products it develops or initiates collaboration agreements thereon.
The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and
classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to
continue as a going concern. 

shares of the Company. Consequently, Asia Image became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company. 

On May 26, 2020 and October
10, 2020, the Company issued (Series B Convertible Preferred Stock) and (Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) Convertible
Preferred Stock to Uonlive (Hong Kong) Limited for the provision of management services valued at and respectively.
Mr. Raymond Fu, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company is also the indirect beneficial owner of Uonlive (Hong Kong) Limited. 

 Short term borrowings 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company has a loan payable of
 and to Mr. Raymond Fu, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, respectively. This loan is unsecured, non-interest
bearing and it is repayable on demand. 

Note Payable-Related Party 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company has a note payable of
and and to Mr. Raymond Fu, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. This note is unsecured, non-interest
bearing and it is repayable on demand. 

, which will be available to offset future taxable income indefinitely. The company applied 159,207 in loss carryforward
against its deferred tax liability. 

The cumulative deferred tax asset for period
ended December 31, 2022 is ,
which is calculated by multiplying a 
estimated tax rate by the cumulative net operating income adjusted for the following items: 

Temporary differences: 

Tax loss for the year 

Estimated effective tax rate 

Deferred tax liability (asset) 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net Deferred tax liability (asset) 
 - 
 - 

Details for the last period are as follows: 

For the period ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Balance at beginning of year 

Additions 
 - 

Deductions 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at end of year 

Rate Reconciliation: 

For the year ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Federal income tax at statutory rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Temporary difference 
 - 
 - 
 
 Permanent difference 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in Valuation Allowance 
 - 

- 

shares of common stock to a shareholder for a total price of as part of the share exchange and reverse merger. 

On June 08, 2020, the Company converted 
 Series B convertible Preferred Stock into common stock. 

On May 14 th , 2021, the Company approved
a . 

On June 21, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock
valued at per share to Raymond Fu as repayment of a portion of all related party debt totaling . 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total of 
and shares of common stock with par value remain outstanding, respectively. 

shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, out of the shares that were already authorized. On September 07, 2018, the Company
issued shares of the Series B convertible preferred stock to Chuang Fu Qu Kuai Lian Technology (Shenzhen) Limited for services
valued at . 

On May 26, 2020, the Company issued shares
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to Uonlive (Hong Kong) Limited for the provision of management services valued at . 

The following is a description of the material
rights of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock: 

Each share of Series B convertible Preferred
Stock shall have a par value of per share. The Series B Preferred Stock shall vote on any matter that may from time to time be
submitted to the Company s shareholders for a vote, on a 1,000 for one basis. 

Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock Conversion Ratio ), at the option of a Holder, at any time
and from time to time, from and after the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock. 

In the event of any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, subject to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock or
to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, the holders of the Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the
holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the price per share actually paid to the Corporation
upon the initial issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock (each, the the Original Issue Price for each share of Series
B Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. Unless the Corporation can establish a different Original Issue
Price in connection with a particular sale of Series B Preferred Stock, the Original issue price shall be per share for the Series
B Preferred Stock. If, upon the occurrence of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets and funds thus
distributed among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full
aforesaid preferential amounts, then, subject to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock or to the rights of any series of
Preferred Stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, the entire assets and funds of the corporation legally available
for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the each series of Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential
amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive. 

The Series B Preferred Stock shares
are nonredeemable other than upon the mutual agreement of the Company and the holder of shares to be redeemed, and even in such case only
to the extent permitted by this Certificate of Designation, the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and applicable law. 

Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible,
at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the office of the Corporation or any transfer
agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Original
Issue Price of the Series B Preferred Stock by the Series B Conversion Price applicable to such share, determined as hereafter provided,
in effect on the date the certificate is surrendered for conversion. 

On October 07, 2020, the Company s board
of directors approved the creation of shares of a Series A Preferred stock. On that same dated the Company issued shares
of its newly created Series A Preferred Stock to Uonlive (Hong Kong) Limtied as payment for management services provided valued at . 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the Company has shares of Series B Convertible preferred shares and Series A Convertible preferred shares outstanding 

F- 13 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Kuber Resources Corporation 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Raymond Fu 

Raymond Fu 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Raymond Fu 

Raymond Fu 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated have signed this report below. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Raymond Fu 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Raymond Fu 

/s/ Timothy Lam 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Timothy Lam 

/s/ Michael Woo 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Michael Woo 

/s/ Shiu Chung Chan 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Shiu Chung Chan 

/s/ Hok Hin Mui 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Hok Hin Mui 

<EX-23>
 2
 ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors 

 Kuber Resources Corporation 

 Formerly known as Uonlive Corporation) 

 1107, Tower 1, Lippo Centre 

 Admiralty, Hong Kong 

We hereby consent to the incorporation in the
Form 10-k for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Kuber Resources Corporation Formerly known as Uonlive Corporation) (the Company of our report dated April 14, 2023, with respect to the Consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31,
2022 and the related notes to the financial statements. 

Mercurius Associates LLP 

 Formerly known as AJSH Co LLP) 

New Delhi, India 

 April 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Raymond Fu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Raymond Fu 

Raymond Fu 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Raymond Fu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Raymond Fu 

Raymond Fu 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Kuber
Resources Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Raymond Fu, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed
this certification. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Raymond Fu 

Raymond Fu 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Annual Report of Kuber
Resources Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Raymond Fu, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(3) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(4) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed
this certification. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Raymond Fu 

Raymond 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 kubr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 kubr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 kubr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 kubr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

