<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230517_10-K_edgar_data_46250_0000046250-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7913392</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162698</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1582236</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2398014</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1861244</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1781644</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000046250-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230517
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230517161539
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000046250-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230402
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230517
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230517

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HAWKINS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000046250
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [5160]
		IRS NUMBER:				410771293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0328

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07647
		FILM NUMBER:		23931905

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2381 ROSEGATE
		CITY:			ROSEVILLE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55113
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123316910

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2381 ROSEGATE
		CITY:			ROSVILLE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HAWKINS CHEMICAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000046250-23-000015.txt : 20230517

10-K
 1
 hwkn-20230402.htm
 10-K

hwkn-20230402 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2023 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol: Name of exchange on which registered: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on October 2, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately million based upon the closing sale price for the Registrant s common shares on that date as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, excluding all shares held by officers and directors of the Registrant and by the Trustees of the Registrant s Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust. 
 As of May 12, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common shares outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of our definitive Proxy Statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held August 2, 2023, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 The information presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements have been made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections, and our beliefs and assumptions. Words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, will and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. These factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are described in the risk factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are not obligated to update these statements or publicly release the result of any revisions to them to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except where otherwise stated or indicated by the context, Hawkins, we, us, the Company, our, or the Registrant means Hawkins, Inc. References to "fiscal 2024" means our fiscal year ending March 31, 2024, fiscal 2023 means our fiscal year ended April 2, 2023, fiscal 2022 means our fiscal year ended April 3, 2022, and fiscal 2021 means our fiscal year ended March 28, 2021. 
 ii 

Hawkins, Inc. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended April 2, 2023 
 Page PART I ITEM 1. Business 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 4 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 12 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 
 ITEM 6. Reserved 
 14 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 20 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 21 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 44 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 44 
 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 46 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management And Related Stockholder Matters 
 46 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 46 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 46 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 49 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 We are a leading specialty chemical and ingredients company that formulates, distributes, blends and manufactures products for our Industrial, Water Treatment and Health and Nutrition customers. We believe that we create value for our customers through superb service and support, quality products, personalized applications and trustworthy, creative employees. 
 
 We conduct our business in three segments: Industrial, Water Treatment, and Health and Nutrition. 
 
 Industrial Segment. Our Industrial Group specializes in providing industrial chemicals, products and services to industries such as agriculture, chemical processing, electronics, energy, food, pharmaceutical and plating. This group s principal products are acids, alkalis and food-grade and pharmaceutical salts and ingredients. 
 
 The Industrial Group: 
 
 Manufactures sodium hypochlorite (bleach), certain food-grade and pharmaceutical products, including liquid phosphates, lactates and other blended products, and agricultural products; 
 
 Receives, stores and distributes various chemicals in bulk quantities, including liquid caustic soda, sulfuric acid, hydrochloric acid, urea, phosphoric acid, aqua ammonia and potassium hydroxide; 
 
 Repackages water treatment chemicals for our Water Treatment Group and bulk industrial chemicals to sell in smaller quantities to our customers; and 
 
 Performs custom blending of chemicals according to customer formulas and specifications. 
 
 The group s sales are concentrated primarily in the central United States, while the group s products sold into the food and pharmaceutical markets are sold nationally. The Industrial Group relies on a specially trained sales staff that works directly with customers on their specific needs. The group conducts its business primarily through manufacturing locations and terminal operations. Agricultural sales within this group tend to be seasonal, with higher sales due to the application of fertilizer during the typical planting season of March through June given the regions of the country we serve. 
 
 Water Treatment Segment. Our Water Treatment Group specializes in providing chemicals, products, equipment, services and solutions for potable water, municipal and industrial wastewater, industrial process water, non-residential swimming pool water and agricultural water. This group has the resources and flexibility to treat systems ranging in size from a single small well to a multi-million-gallon-per-day facility. 
 
 The group utilizes delivery routes operated by our employees who typically serve as route driver, salesperson and trained technician to deliver our products and diagnose our customers water treatment needs. We believe that the high level of service provided by these individuals allows us to serve as the trusted water treatment expert for many of the municipalities and other customers that we serve. We also believe that there are significant synergies between our Water Treatment and Industrial Groups in that we are able to obtain a competitive cost position on many of the chemicals sold by the Water Treatment Group due to the volumes of these chemicals purchased by our Industrial Group. In addition, our Industrial and Water Treatment groups share certain resources, which leverage fixed costs across both groups. 
 
 The Water Treatment group operates out of 39 warehouses supplying products and services to customers primarily in the central United States, throughout the Mississippi River watershed and along the southern United States from Texas to Florida. We expect to invest in existing and new branches to expand the group s geographic coverage. Our Water Treatment Group has historically experienced higher sales during April to September, primarily due to a seasonal increase in chemicals used by municipal water treatment facilities. 

1 

Health and Nutrition Segment. Our Health and Nutrition Group specializes in providing ingredient distribution, processing and formulation solutions to manufacturers of nutraceutical, functional food and beverage, personal care, dietary supplement and other nutritional food, health and wellness products. This group offers a diverse product portfolio including minerals, vitamins and amino acids, excipients, joint products, botanicals and herbs, sweeteners and enzymes. 
 
 The Health and Nutrition Group relies on a specially trained sales staff that works directly with customers on their specific needs. The group s extensive product portfolio combined with value-added services, including product formulation, sourcing and distribution, and processing and blending, positions this group as a one-stop ingredient solutions provider to its customers. The group also follows rigorous quality control and compliance processes to provide reliable, high-quality products to its customers. The group operates out of facilities in California and New York and its products are sold nationally and, in certain cases, internationally. 
 
 Raw Materials. We have numerous suppliers, including many of the major chemical producers in the United States. We source our health and nutrition ingredients from a wide array of domestic and international vendors. We typically have distributorship agreements or supply contracts with our suppliers that are periodically renewed. We believe that most of the products we purchase can be obtained from alternative sources should existing relationships be terminated. We are dependent upon the availability of our raw materials. While we believe that we have adequate sources of supply for our raw material and product requirements, we cannot be sure that supplies will be consistently available in the future. In the event that certain raw materials become generally unavailable, suppliers may extend lead times or limit or cut off the supply of materials to us. As a result, we may not be able to supply or manufacture products for our customers. 
 
 Intellectual Property. Our intellectual property portfolio is of economic importance to our business. When appropriate, we have pursued, and we will continue to pursue, patents covering our products. We have also obtained certain trademarks for our products to distinguish them from our competitors products. We regard many of the formulas, information and processes that we generate and use in the conduct of our business as proprietary and protectable under applicable copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret and unfair competition laws. 
 
 Customer Concentration. In fiscal 2023, none of our customers accounted for 10 or more of our total sales. 
 
 Competition. We operate in a competitive industry and compete with many producers, distributors and sales agents offering products equivalent to substantially all of the products we offer. Many of our competitors are larger than we are and may have greater financial resources, although no one competitor is dominant in all of the markets we serve. We compete by offering quality products with outstanding customer service at competitive prices coupled with value-added services or product formulation where needed. Because of our long-standing relationships with many of our suppliers, we are often able to leverage those relationships to obtain products when supplies are limited or to obtain competitive pricing. 
 
 Working Capital. Due to the nature of our operations, which includes purchases of large quantities of bulk chemicals, the timing of purchases can result in significant changes in working capital and the resulting operating cash flow. Historically, our cash requirements for working capital increase during the period from March through November as caustic soda inventory levels increase with most of our barges received during this period. 
 
 Regulatory Matters. We are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws and regulations relating to the management, storage, transportation and disposal of chemicals and wastes; product regulation; air water and soil contamination; and the investigation and cleanup of any spills or releases that may result from our management, handling, storage, sale, or transportation of chemicals and other products. In addition, societal concerns regarding the safety of chemicals in commerce and their potential impact on the environment have resulted in a growing trend towards increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection regulations. These concerns have led to, and could continue to result in, more stringent regulatory intervention by governmental authorities. 
 
 In addition, we operate a fleet of more than 250 commercial vehicles, primarily in our Water Treatment Group, which are highly regulated, including by the U.S. Department of Transportation DOT ). The DOT governs transportation matters including authorization to engage in motor carrier service, including the necessary permits to conduct our businesses, equipment operation, and safety. 

2 

The manufacture, packaging, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution and sale of our agricultural, food, pharmaceutical, pesticide and health and nutrition products are subject to regulation by numerous national and local governmental agencies in the United States and other countries. The primary regulatory bodies in the United States are the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the Environmental Protection Agency, the United States Department of Agriculture and the Federal Trade Commission, and we are also subject to similar regulators in other countries. In particular, the FDA s current good manufacturing practices GMPs describe policies and procedures designed to ensure that nutraceuticals, pharmaceuticals and dietary supplements are produced in a quality manner, do not contain contaminants or impurities, and are accurately labeled and cover the manufacturing, packaging, labeling and storing of supplements, with requirements for quality control, design and construction of manufacturing plants, testing of ingredients and final products, record keeping, and complaints processes. 
 
 Further information related to government regulation applicable to our business is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors. 
 
 Human Capital. Our team is a key to our success and we are committed to creating a workplace that attracts top talent, develops leaders and drives performance on behalf of our customers and shareholders. 
 
 We strive to recruit the best people for the job regardless of race, color, nationality, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation or any other status protected by law. It is our policy to comply fully with all applicable laws relating to discrimination in the workplace and are committed to advancing an inclusive, collaborative and respectful culture. 
 
 The health and safety of our employees is our highest priority. We work to ensure our employees have a thorough understanding of health and safety precautions that need to be taken in all business functions. Specific safety initiatives include accident prevention work, improving process controls, safety training, safety committees, safety audits, incident investigation and improvement measures. 
 
 We strive to provide employees with competitive wages commensurate with their skill levels, experience, knowledge and the regional market. Full-time employees are eligible for health, dental and vision insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, 401(K) plan, retirement plans, life and disability/accident coverage and our employee assistance program. 
 
 As of April 2, 2023, we had 851 employees across the United States, of which 846 were full-time employees,. Approximately 40 of our employees were female or racially and ethnically diverse, and approximately 11 were covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Of the eight members of our Board of Directors, two are female, six are male, one is Asian American and seven are white. 
 
 Available Information. Our Internet address is www.hawkinsinc.com. We have made available, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and, if applicable, amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Reports of beneficial ownership filed by our directors and executive officers pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act are also available on our website. We are not including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding our company at http://www.sec.gov. 
 3 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 You should carefully consider the following material factors regarding risks relating to an investment in our securities and when reading the information, including the financial information, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Shareholders are cautioned that these and other factors may affect future performance and cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be anticipated. 
 
 COMPETITIVE AND REPUTATIONAL RISKS 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment and face significant competition and price pressure. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and compete with producers, manufacturers, distributors and sales agents offering products equivalent to substantially all of the products we offer. Competition is based on several key criteria, including product price, product performance, product quality, product availability and security of supply, breadth of product offerings, geographic reach, responsiveness of product development in cooperation with customers, technical expertise and customer service. Many of our competitors are larger than we are and may have greater financial resources, more product offerings and a broader geographic reach. As a result, these competitors may be able to offer a broader array of products to a larger geographic area and may be better able than us to withstand changes in conditions within our industry, changes in the prices and availability of raw materials and changes in general economic conditions as well as be able to introduce innovative products that reduce demand for or the profit from our products. Additionally, competitors pricing decisions could compel us to decrease our prices, which could adversely affect our margins and profitability. Our ability to maintain or increase our profitability would be dependent upon our ability to offset competitive decreases in the prices and margins of our products by improving production efficiency, investing in infrastructure to reduce freight costs, identifying and selling higher margin products, providing higher levels of technical expertise and customer service, and improving existing products through innovation and research and development. If we are unable to maintain our profitability or competitive position, we could lose market share to our competitors and experience reduced profitability. 
 
 Our businesses expose us to potential product liability claims and recalls, which could adversely affect our financial condition and performance. 
 
 The repackaging, blending, mixing and distribution of products by us, including chemical products and products used in food or food ingredients or with medical, pharmaceutical or dietary supplement applications, involve an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, product recalls, product seizures and related adverse publicity, including, without limitation, claims for exposure to our products, spills or release of our products, personal injuries, food-related claims and property damage or environmental claims. A product liability claim, judgment or recall against our customers could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures for us, affect consumer confidence in our products and divert management s attention from other responsibilities. Although we maintain product liability insurance, there can be no assurance that the type or level of coverage is adequate or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. A product recall or a partially or completely uninsured judgment against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in our customers needs or failure of our products to meet customers specifications could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 
 
 Our products are used for a broad range of applications by our customers. Changes in our customers product needs or processes, or reductions in demand for their end products, may enable or require our customers to reduce or eliminate consumption of the products that we provide. Customers may also find alternative materials or processes that no longer require our products. Consequently, it is important that we develop new products to replace the sales of products that mature and decline in use. 
 
 Our products provide important performance attributes to our customers products. If our products fail to meet the customers specifications or comply with applicable laws or regulations, perform in a manner inconsistent with the customers expectations or have a shorter useful life than required, a customer could seek replacement of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failure. A successful claim or series of claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in a loss of one or more customers. Reductions in demand for our products could adversely affect our sales and financial results and result in facility closures. 
 
 4 

Adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular ingredients or products or the dietary supplement industry in general could adversely affect the financial performance of those portions of our business. 
 
 Purchasing decisions made by consumers of products that contain our ingredients may be affected by adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular ingredients or products or the dietary supplement industry in general. This negative public perception may include publicity regarding the risks, efficacy, legality or quality of particular ingredients or products in general or of other companies or our products or ingredients specifically. Negative public perception may also arise from regulatory investigations, regardless of whether those investigations involve us. We are highly dependent upon consumers perception of the safety and quality of products that contain our ingredients as well as similar products distributed by other companies. Thus, the mere publication of reports asserting that such products may be harmful could have a material adverse effect on us, regardless of whether these reports are scientifically supported. Publicity related to dietary supplements or food ingredients may also result in increased regulatory scrutiny of our industry. Adverse publicity may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Failure to adequately protect critical data and technology systems could materially affect our operations. 
 
 Information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security due to internal or external factors including phishing or cyber-attacks could disrupt our operations by causing delays or cancellation of customer orders, impede the manufacture or shipment of products or cause standard business processes to become ineffective, resulting in the unintentional disclosure of information or damage to our reputation. While we have taken steps to address these concerns by implementing network security and internal control measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, maintenance of backup and protective systems and disaster recovery and incident response plans, our employees, systems, networks, products, facilities and services remain vulnerable to phishing attacks and cyber-assault, and, as such, there can be no assurance that a system failure, network disruption or data security breach will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY 
 
 Fluctuations in the prices and availability of our raw materials, which may be cyclical in nature, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and the margins we receive on sales of our products. 
 
 We experience regular and recurring fluctuations in the pricing of our raw materials. Those fluctuations can be significant and occur rapidly. The cyclicality of commodity markets, such as the market for caustic soda, primarily results from changes in the balance between supply and demand and the level of general economic activity. We cannot predict whether the markets for our raw materials will favorably impact or negatively impact the margins we can realize. 
 
 The prices we pay for our principal chemical raw materials generally lag the market prices of the underlying raw material. The cost of inventory we have on hand, particularly inventories of our bulk commodity chemicals where we have significant volumes stored at our facilities, generally will lag the current market pricing of such inventory. The pricing within our supply contracts generally adjusts quarterly or monthly. While we attempt to maintain competitive pricing and stable margin dollars, the potential variance in our cost of inventory from the current market pricing can cause significant volatility in our margins realized. We do not engage in futures or other derivatives contracts to hedge against fluctuations in future prices. We may enter into sales contracts where the selling prices for our products are fixed for a period of time, exposing us to volatility in raw materials prices that we acquire on a spot market or short-term contractual basis. We attempt to pass commodity pricing changes to our customers, but we may be unable to or be delayed in doing so. Our inability to pass through price increases or any limitation or delay in our passing through price increases could adversely affect our profit margins. 
 
 We are also dependent upon the availability of our raw materials. In the event that raw materials are in short supply or unavailable, raw material suppliers may extend lead times or limit or cut off supplies. As a result, we may not be able to supply or manufacture products for some or all of our customers. Constraints on the supply or delivery of critical raw materials could disrupt our operations and adversely affect the performance of our businesses. 

5 

Demand for our products is affected by general economic conditions and by the cyclical nature of many of the industries we serve, which could cause significant fluctuations in our sales volumes and results. 
 
 Demand for our products is affected by general economic conditions. A decline in general economic or business conditions in the industries served by our customers could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. Although we sell to areas traditionally considered non-cyclical, such as water treatment, food products and health and nutritional ingredients, many of our customers are in businesses that are cyclical in nature, such as the industrial manufacturing and energy industries which include the ethanol and agriculture industries. Downturns in these industries could adversely affect our sales and our financial results by affecting demand for and pricing of our products. 
 
 Our business is subject to hazards common to chemical businesses, any of which could interrupt our production and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our business is subject to hazards common to chemical manufacturing, blending, storage, handling and transportation, including explosions, fires, severe weather, natural disasters, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, transportation interruptions, traffic accidents involving our delivery vehicles, derailments, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases and other risks. These hazards could cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, and environmental contamination. In addition, the occurrence of material operating problems or the absence of personnel due to pandemics or other disasters at any of our facilities due to any of these hazards may make it impossible for us to make sales to our customers and may result in a negative public or political reaction. Many of our facilities are near significant residential populations which increases the risk of negative public or political reaction should an environmental issue occur and could lead to adverse zoning or other regulatory actions that could limit our ability to operate our business in those locations. Accordingly, these hazards and their consequences could have a material adverse effect on our operations as a whole, including our results of operations and cash flows, both during and after the period of operational difficulties. 
 
 Environmental problems at any of our facilities could result in significant unexpected costs. 
 
 We are subject to federal, state and local environmental regulations regarding the ownership of real property and the operations conducted on real property. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, we may own or operate real property or may have arranged for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances at a property and, therefore, may become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous substances released on or in our property or disposed of by us, as well as certain other potential costs which could relate to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to persons and property). Such liability may be imposed whether or not we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of these hazardous or toxic substances. Further, future changes in environmental laws or regulations may require additional investment in capital equipment or the implementation of additional compliance programs in the future. The cost of investigation, remediation or removal of such substances may be substantial. 
 
 In the conduct of our operations, we have handled and do handle materials that are considered hazardous, toxic or volatile under federal, state and local laws. The potential for the accidental release of such products cannot be completely eliminated. In addition, we operate or own facilities located on or near real property that was formerly owned and operated by others. These properties may have been used in ways that involved hazardous materials. Contaminates may migrate from, within or through any such property, which may give rise to claims against us. Third parties who are responsible for contamination may not have funds, or may not make funds available when needed, to pay remediation costs imposed upon us jointly with them under environmental laws and regulations. 
 
 Our Water Treatment Group and our agricultural product sales within our Industrial Group are subject to seasonality and weather conditions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our Water Treatment Group has historically experienced higher sales during April to September, primarily due to a seasonal increase in chemicals used by municipal water treatment facilities. Our agricultural product sales within our Industrial Group are also seasonal, primarily corresponding with the planting season. Demand in both of these areas is also affected by weather conditions, as either higher or lower than normal precipitation or temperatures may affect water usage and the timing and the amount of consumption of our products. We cannot assure you that seasonality or fluctuating weather conditions will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

6 

OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 
 Disruptions within our supply chain have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, our production, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have been, and could continue to be, adversely affected by disruptions within our supply chain and transportation network. The raw materials we need are transported by truck, rail, barge or ship by third-party providers. The costs of transporting our products or necessary raw materials could be negatively affected by factors outside of our control, including rail service interruptions or rate increases, extreme weather events, tariffs, rising fuel costs and capacity constraints. Over the last few years, unprecedented congestion in ocean shipping adversely impacted the reliability of our imported raw materials, and transport driver shortages caused extended lead times for domestic shipments. In addition, rail shipments can be unreliable, with significant delays in service and increased costs. The impacts of recent high-profile derailments could further degrade service levels and increase costs. Significant delays or increased costs relating to transportation could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Similar supply chain issues have impacted and could continue to impact both our suppliers and our customers. The supply of our necessary raw materials could be interrupted due to shortages of raw materials, effects of economic, political or financial market conditions on a supplier's operations, labor disputes or weather conditions affecting products or shipments, transportation disruptions, natural disasters, outbreaks of disease, information system disruptions or other reasons beyond our control. Similar disruptions at our customers could reduce demand for our products, reducing our sales and profitability. Product shortages or delays in deliveries, along with other factors such as price inflation and higher transportation costs, have also resulted in price increases from our suppliers. We may be unable to pass these price increases on to our customers, which could erode our profit margins. These supply chain constraints, increased product costs and inflationary pressures could continue or escalate in the future, which would have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 We are highly dependent upon transportation infrastructure to ship and receive our products and delays in these shipments could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Although we maintain a number of owned trucks and trailers, we rely heavily upon transportation provided by third parties (including common carriers, barge companies, rail companies and trans-ocean cargo companies) to deliver products to us and to our customers. Our access to third-party transportation is not guaranteed, and we may be unable to transport our products in a timely manner, or at all, in certain circumstances, or at economically attractive rates. Disruptions in transportation are common, are often out of our control, and can happen suddenly and without warning. Rail limitations, such as limitations in rail capacity, availability of railcars, workforce shortages, derailments, embargoes and adverse weather conditions have disrupted or delayed rail shipments in the past and could do so in the future. Barge shipments are delayed or impossible under certain circumstances, including during times of high or low water levels, when waterways are frozen and when locks and dams are inoperable. The availability and reliability of truck transportation has been negatively impacted by a number of factors, including limited availability of qualified drivers and equipment, and limitations on drivers hours of service. The volumes handled by, and operating challenges at, ocean ports have at times been volatile and can delay the receipt of goods, or cause the cost of shipping goods to be more expensive. Our failure to ship or receive products in a timely and efficient manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to retain key personnel or attract new skilled personnel, it could have an adverse impact on our businesses. 
 
 Because of the specialized and technical nature of our businesses, our future performance is dependent on the continued service of, and on our ability to attract and retain, qualified management, scientific, technical and support personnel. The unanticipated departure of key members of our management team could have an adverse impact on our business. 

7 

We may not be able to successfully consummate future acquisitions or dispositions or integrate acquisitions into our business, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. 
 
 As part of our business growth strategy, we have acquired businesses and may pursue acquisitions in the future. Our ability to pursue this strategy will be limited by our ability to identify appropriate acquisition candidates and our financial resources, including available cash and borrowing capacity. In addition, we may seek to divest of businesses that are underperforming or not core to our future business. The expense incurred in consummating transactions, the time it takes to integrate an acquisition or our failure to integrate businesses successfully could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. Furthermore, we may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions. 
 
 The process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. The risks associated with the integration of acquisitions include potential disruption of our ongoing businesses and distraction of management, unforeseen claims, liabilities, adjustments, charges and write-offs, difficulty in conforming the acquired business standards, processes, procedures and controls with our operations, and challenges arising from the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of the expanded operations. 
 
 Our businesses are subject to risks stemming from natural disasters or other extraordinary events outside of our control, which could interrupt our production and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Natural disasters have the potential of interrupting our operations and damaging our properties, which could adversely affect our businesses. Flooding of the Mississippi River has temporarily shifted the Company s terminal operations out of its buildings four times since the spring of 2010, including most recently the spring of 2019. We can give no assurance that flooding or other natural disasters will not recur or that there will not be material damage or interruption to our operations in the future from such disasters. 
 
 Chemical-related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other possible targets in the United States. Federal law imposes site security requirements, specifically on chemical facilities, which have increased our overhead expenses. Federal regulations have also been adopted to increase the security of the transportation of hazardous chemicals in the United States. We ship and receive materials that are classified as hazardous and we believe we have met these requirements, but additional federal and local regulations that limit the distribution of hazardous materials are being considered. Bans on movement of hazardous materials through certain cities could adversely affect the efficiency of our logistical operations. Broader restrictions on hazardous material movements could lead to additional investment and could change where and what products we provide. 
 
 The occurrence of extraordinary events, including future terrorist attacks, wars, global health developments and pandemics, or escalation of hostilities, cannot be predicted, but their occurrence can be expected to negatively affect the economy in general, and specifically the markets for our products. The resulting damage from a direct attack on our assets, or assets used by us, could include loss of life and property damage. In addition, available insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of the damage incurred or, if available, may be prohibitively expensive. 
 
 We may not be able to renew our leases of land where four of our operations facilities reside. 
 
 We lease the land where our three main terminals are located and where another significant manufacturing plant is located. These leases, including all renewal periods, have expiration dates from 2024 to 2044. The failure to secure extended lease terms on any one of these facilities may have a material adverse impact on our business, as they are where a portion of our chemicals are manufactured and where the majority of our bulk chemicals are stored. While we can make no assurances, based on historical experience and anticipated future needs, we intend to extend these leases and believe that we will be able to renew our leases as the renewal periods expire. If we are unable to renew three of our leases (two relate to terminals and one to manufacturing) any property remaining on the land becomes the property of the lessor, and the lessor has the option to either maintain the property or remove the property at our expense. The fourth lease provides that we turn any property remaining on the land over to the lessor for them to maintain or remove at their expense. The cost to relocate our operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 8 

LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 
 Environmental, health and safety, transportation and storage laws and regulations cause us to incur substantial costs and may subject us to future liabilities and risks. 
 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the management, storage, transportation and disposal of chemicals and wastes; product regulation; air water and soil contamination; land use, fire code and zoning; and the investigation and cleanup of any spills or releases that may result from our management, handling, storage, sale, or transportation of chemicals and other products. The nature of our business exposes us to risks of liability under these laws and regulations. Ongoing compliance with such laws and regulations is an important consideration for us and we invest substantial capital and incur significant operating costs in our compliance efforts. In addition, societal concerns regarding the safety of chemicals in commerce and their potential impact on the environment have resulted in a growing trend towards increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection regulations and restrictions on the locations and operations of chemical facilities. These concerns have led to, and could continue to result in, more stringent regulatory intervention by governmental authorities. In addition, these concerns could influence public perceptions, impact the commercial viability of the products we sell and increase the costs to comply with increasingly complex regulations, which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we operate a fleet of more than 250 commercial vehicles, primarily in our Water Treatment Group, which are highly regulated, including by the DOT. The DOT governs transportation matters including authorization to engage in motor carrier service, including the necessary permits to conduct our businesses, equipment operation, and safety. We are audited periodically by the DOT to ensure that we are in compliance with various safety, hours-of-service, and other rules and regulations. If we were found to be out of compliance, the DOT could severely restrict or otherwise impact our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations as a whole, including our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 If we violate applicable laws or regulations, in addition to being required to correct such violations, we could be held liable in administrative, civil or criminal proceedings for substantial fines and other sanctions that could disrupt, limit or halt our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations as a whole, including our results of operations and cash flows. Liabilities associated with the investigation and cleanup of releases of hazardous substances, as well as personal injury, property damages or natural resource damages arising out of such releases of hazardous substances, may be imposed in many situations without regard to violations of laws or regulations or other fault, and may also be imposed jointly and severally (so that a responsible party may be held liable for more than its share of the losses involved, or even the entire loss). Such liabilities can be difficult to identify and the extent of any such liabilities can be difficult to predict. We use, and in the past have used, hazardous substances at many of our facilities, and have generated, and continue to generate, hazardous wastes at a number of our facilities. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to claims relating to exposure to hazardous materials and the associated liabilities may be material. 

9 

Many of our products, particularly our food, pharmaceutical and health and nutrition products are subject to government regulation, both in the United States and abroad, which could increase our costs significantly and limit or prevent the sale of such products. 
 
 The manufacture, packaging, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution and sale of many of our products, but our food, pharmaceutical, pesticide and health and nutrition products in particular, are subject to regulation by numerous national and local governmental agencies in the United States and other countries. The primary regulatory bodies in the United States are the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the Environmental Protection Agency, the United States Department of Agriculture and the Federal Trade Commission, and we are also subject to similar regulators in other countries. Failure to comply with these regulatory requirements may result in various types of penalties or fines. These include injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines and criminal prosecutions. Individual states also regulate our products. A state may interpret claims or products presumptively valid under federal law as illegal under that state s regulations. Approvals or licensing may be conditioned on reformulation of products or may be unavailable with respect to certain products or product ingredients. Any of these government agencies, as well as legislative bodies, can change existing regulations, or impose new ones, or could take aggressive measures, causing or contributing to a variety of negative consequences, which may include one or more of the following: 
 
 stopping the sale of products, 
 requirements for the reformulation of certain or all products to meet new standards, 
 the recall or discontinuance of certain or all products, 
 additional record-keeping requirements, 
 expanded documentation of the properties of certain or all products, 
 expanded or different labeling, 
 adverse event tracking and reporting, and 
 additional scientific substantiation. 
 
 In particular, the FDA s current GMPs describe policies and procedures designed to ensure that nutraceuticals, pharmaceuticals and dietary supplements are produced in a quality manner, do not contain contaminants or impurities, and are accurately labeled and cover the manufacturing, packaging, labeling and storing of supplements, with requirements for quality control, design and construction of manufacturing plants, testing of ingredients and final products, record keeping, and complaints processes. Those who manufacture, package or store dietary supplements must comply with current GMPs. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with current GMPs, the FDA may take enforcement action against us or our suppliers. 
 
 Any or all of the potential negative consequences described above could have a material adverse effect on us or substantially increase the cost of doing business in these areas. There can be no assurance that the regulatory environment in which we operate will not change or that such regulatory environment, or any specific action taken against us, will not result in a material adverse effect on us. 

10 

FINANCIAL RISKS 
 The insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures. 
 We maintain lines of commercial insurance, such as property, general liability and casualty insurance, but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our businesses and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and limits on the liabilities covered. We may incur losses beyond the limits or outside the coverage of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental remediation and product liability. In addition, from time to time, various types of insurance for companies in the chemical, food or health and nutrition products industries have not been available on commercially acceptable terms or, in some cases, have not been available at all. In the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain. 
 Failure to comply with the covenants under our credit facility may have a material adverse effect. 
 We are party to a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with U.S. Bank National Association ("U.S. Bank") and other lenders (collectively, the Lenders ), which includes secured revolving credit facilities (the Revolving Loan Facility totaling 250.0 million. The Revolving Loan Facility includes a 10.0 million letter of credit subfacility and 25.0 million swingline subfacility. At April 2, 2023, we had 112.0 million outstanding under the Revolving Loan Facility. 
 We may make payments on the Revolving Loan Facility from time to time. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds necessary to make payments on our credit facilities, we could be in default when the facilities become due in 2027. We are also required to comply with several financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. Our ability to comply with these financial covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, which could result in a default under the Credit Agreement; such default may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 
 The Credit Agreement also contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, dispose of significant assets, make certain investments, including any acquisitions other than permitted acquisitions, make certain payments, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, grant liens on its assets or rate management transactions, subject to certain limitations. These restrictions may adversely affect our business. 
 Impairment to the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the fair value of identifiable tangible net assets and identifiable intangible assets purchased. Goodwill is tested at least annually for impairment and is tested for impairment more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indication of impairment exists. Factors may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in the business climate; unanticipated competition; and slower growth rates. An adverse change in these factors may have a significant impact on the recoverability of the net assets recorded, and any resulting impairment charge in the future could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 We evaluate the useful lives of our intangible assets to determine if they are definite- or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment, and expected changes in distribution channels), and the expected lives of other related groups of assets. 
 We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. Should the value of these assets become impaired, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 11 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our facilities material to our operations consist of our locations described below. In addition to the facilities listed below, our Water Treatment group operates out of 35 additional warehouse locations, the majority of which are owned by us. We believe that our facilities are adequate and suitable for the purposes they serve. Unless noted, each facility is owned by us and is primarily used as office and warehouse space. We believe that we carry customary levels of insurance covering the replacement of damaged property. 
 Group Location Rail/Barge Access Approx. Square Feet Corporate headquarters Roseville, MN 50,000 Health and Nutrition Fullerton, CA (1) 56,000 Florida, NY (2) 107,000 Industrial Minneapolis, MN (3) Rail 177,000 Centralia, IL (3) Rail 121,000 Dupo, IL (3) (4) Rail 64,000 St. Paul, MN (3) (5) Rail/Barge 32,000 Rosemount, MN (3) Rail 153,000 Industrial and Water Treatment St. Paul, MN (3) (5) Rail/Barge 59,000 Camanche, IA (3) Rail/Barge 95,000 Memphis, TN (3) Rail/Barge 41,000 Water Treatment Apopka, FL (3) Rail 32,000 Fayetteville, TN (3) 54,000 Sulphur, LA (3) 30,000 
 (1) This is a leased facility comprising administrative offices and a distribution facility. The lease runs through January 2026. 
 (2) This is comprised of (i) a 79,000 square foot manufacturing plant which sits on approximately 16 acres and (ii) a leased 28,000 square foot warehouse located in close proximity that is leased until December 2025. 
 (3) This is a manufacturing and/or distribution facility owned by the Company. This facility includes outside storage tanks for the storage of liquid bulk chemicals, as well as smaller tanks for storing and mixing chemicals. 
 (4) The land for this facility is leased from a third party. The lease expires in May 2024, with automatic one-year renewal periods. 
 (5) The land for these facilities is leased from the Port Authority of the City of St. Paul, Minnesota. One of the applicable leases runs through 2033, one runs until 2029, and one runs through 2044 including all available lease extensions. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which we or any of our subsidiaries are a party or of which any of our property is the subject. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 12 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol HWKN. As of May 12, 2023, shares of our common shares were held by approximately 367 shareholders of record. 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common shares with the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Industrial Index, the Nasdaq Composite Index, the Russell 2000 Index and the Standard Poor s S P Small Cap 600 Index for our last five completed fiscal years. The graph assumes the investment of 100 in our stock and each of those indices on April 1, 2018, and reinvestment of all dividends. 
 
 13 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 and 2022. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have omitted discussion of the earliest of the three years covered by our consolidated financial statements presented in this report because that disclosure was already included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2022 , filed with the SEC on May 18, 2022. You are encouraged to reference Part II, Item 7, within that report, for a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We derive substantially all of our revenues from the sale of specialty chemicals and ingredients that we formulate, distribute, blend and manufacture for our Industrial, Water Treatment and Health and Nutrition customers. 
 
 Financial Overview 
 
 Highlights of fiscal 2023 include: 
 
 Sales of 935.1 million, a 21 increase from fiscal 2022; 
 
 Gross profit of 165.1 million, an increase of 18.6 million, or 13 from fiscal 2022; and 
 
 Diluted earnings per share (EPS) of 2.86, an increase of 0.42, or 17 , from fiscal 2022. 
 
 We focus on total profitability dollars when evaluating our financial results as opposed to profitability as a percentage of sales, as sales dollars tend to fluctuate as raw material prices rise and fall, particularly in our Industrial and Water Treatment segments. The costs for certain of our raw materials can rise or fall rapidly, causing fluctuations in gross profit as a percentage of sales. 
 
 We use the last in, first out LIFO method of valuing the majority of our inventory in our Industrial and Water Treatment segments, which causes the most recent product costs to be recognized in our income statement. The LIFO inventory valuation method and the resulting cost of sales are consistent with our business practices of pricing to current chemical raw material prices. Inventories in our Health and Nutrition segment are valued using the first-in, first-out FIFO method. 
 
 We disclose the sales of our bulk commodity products as a percentage of total sales dollars for our Industrial and Water Treatment segments. Our definition of bulk commodity products includes products that we do not modify in any way, but receive, store, and ship from our facilities, or direct ship to our customers in large quantities. We disclose the percentage of our overall sales that consist of sales of bulk commodity products as these products are generally distributed and we do not add significant value to these products in comparison to our non-bulk products. Sales of these products are generally highly competitive and price sensitive. As a result, bulk commodity products generally have our lowest margins. 
 
 Factors Affecting Comparability of Results 
 
 Asset Sales and Business Acquisitions 
 
 On March 30, 2023, we sold certain assets in our Industrial segment related to our consumer bleach packaging business for 7 million. These assets were not deemed core to our Industrial segment operations. The assets sold included plant equipment, inventory, and intangible assets, all related to the packaging of bleach. We realized a gain of 3 million on this sale, which has been recorded as a reduction to selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, we acquired substantially all the assets of NAPCO Chemical Company, Inc. and its affiliates ("NAPCO") under the terms of an asset purchase agreement among us, NAPCO and certain other parties thereto. NAPCO manufactures and distributes water treatment chemicals from three locations in Texas. The results of operations are included as part of our Water Treatment segment. 
 14 

In the third quarter of fiscal 2022, we acquired substantially all the assets of Water and Waste Specialties, LLC, under the terms of an asset purchase agreement with Water and Waste Specialties and its shareholders. Water and Waste Specialties was a water treatment chemical distribution company operating primarily in Alabama. The results of operations since the acquisition date are included in our Water Treatment segment. 
 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2022, we acquired substantially all the assets of Southeast Water Systems LLC, under the terms of an asset purchase agreement with Southeast Water Systems and its shareholders. Southeast Water Systems supplied and installed water treatment chemical equipment to its customers located primarily in Alabama, southern Georgia and the Florida panhandle. The results of operations since the acquisition date are included in our Water Treatment segment. 
 
 The aggregate annual revenue of these three businesses acquired in fiscal 2022 totaled approximately 17 million, as determined using the applicable twelve-month period preceding each respective acquisition date. 

15 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth certain items from our statement of income as a percentage of sales for fiscal 2023 and 2022: Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales (82.3) (81.1) Gross profit 17.7 18.9 Selling, general and administrative expenses (8.3) (9.7) Operating income 9.4 9.2 Interest expense, net (0.6) (0.2) Other income Income before income taxes 8.8 9.0 Income tax provision (2.4) (2.3) Net income 6.4 6.7 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 
 Sales 
 
 Sales were 935.1 million for fiscal 2023, an increase of 160.6 million, or 21 , from sales of 774.5 million for fiscal 2022, driven primarily by increased selling prices. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to add approximately 17.5 million in additional sales in that year. 
 
 Industrial Segment. Industrial segment sales increased 83.9 million, or 22 , to 470.8 million for fiscal 2023, as compared to 386.9 million for fiscal 2022. Sales of bulk commodity products in the Industrial segment were approximately 16 of sales dollars in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. The increase in sales was driven by increased selling prices on many of our products driven primarily by higher costs on many of our raw materials, while total sales volumes were down approximately 11 . Average selling prices increased 36 over the prior year, in part due to higher raw material costs as well as product mix changes. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to be approximately 10.0 million in additional sales in our Industrial segment in that year. 
 
 Water Treatment Segment. Water Treatment segment sales increased 76.8 million, or 34 , to 304.9 million for fiscal 2023, as compared to 228.1 million for fiscal 2022. Sales of bulk commodity products in the Water Treatment segment were approximately 9 of sales dollars in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. Sales increased as a result of increased selling prices on many of our products driven by higher costs on many of our raw materials, with average selling prices increasing 28 over the prior year. In addition, a 4 increase in sales volume, due to the added sales from acquired businesses, contributed to the year-over-year increase in sales. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to add approximately 3.9 million in additional sales in our Water Treatment segment in that year. 
 
 Health and Nutrition Segment. Health and Nutrition segment sales decreased 0.1 million, or less than 1 , to 159.4 million for fiscal 2023, as compared to 159.5 million for fiscal 2022. Sales of our manufactured products increased 40 year over year, but were offset by a 12 decline in sales of our specialty distributed products. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to add approximately 3.6 million in additional sales in our Health and Nutrition segment in that year. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit increased 18.6 million, or 13 , to 165.1 million, or 18 of sales, for fiscal 2023, from 146.5 million, or 19 of sales, for fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023, the LIFO reserve increased, and gross profits decreased, by 18.5 million, primarily due to rising raw material costs. In fiscal 2022, the LIFO reserve increased, and gross profits decreased, by 15.8 million, primarily due to rising raw material costs. Gross profit increased due to increased revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable year-over-year impact of the increased LIFO reserve. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to add approximately 3.6 million in additional gross profit in that year. 
 16 

Industrial Segment. Gross profit for the Industrial segment increased 8.5 million, or 14 , to 68.1 million, or 14 of sales, for fiscal 2023, from 59.6 million, or 15 of sales, for fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023, the LIFO reserve increased, and gross profits decreased, by 12.3 million, primarily due to rising raw material costs. In fiscal 2022, the LIFO reserve increased, and gross profits decreased, by 10.4 million, primarily due to rising raw material costs. Gross profit increased as a result of the increase in sales, partially offset by the unfavorable year-over-year impact of the increased LIFO reserve. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to add approximately 1.9 million in additional gross profit in our Industrial segment in that year. 
 
 Water Treatment Segment. Gross profit for the Water Treatment segment increased 12.6 million, or 23 , to 67.2 million, or 22 of sales, for fiscal 2023, from 54.6 million, or 24 of sales, for fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023, the LIFO reserve increased, and gross profits decreased, by 6.2 million, primarily due to rising raw material costs. During fiscal 2022, the LIFO reserve increased, and gross profit decreased, by 5.4 million, primarily due to rising raw material costs. Gross profit increased as a result of the increase in sales. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to add approximately 1.0 million in additional gross profit in our Water Treatment segment in that year. 
 
 Health and Nutrition Segment. Gross profit for our Health and Nutrition segment decreased 2.5 million, or 8 , to 29.8 million, or 19 of sales, for fiscal 2023, from 32.3 million, or 20 of sales, for fiscal 2022. Gross profit decreased as a result of a product mix shift. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to add approximately 0.7 million in additional gross profit in our Health and Nutrition segment in that year. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 SG A expenses increased 1.6 million to 77.0 million, or 8 of sales, for fiscal 2023, from 75.3 million, or 10 of sales, for fiscal 2022. Included in SG A expenses for the current fiscal year was a gain of approximately 3.0 million related to the sale of certain assets related to our consumer bleach packaging business. In addition, a year-over-year decrease in compensation expense of 0.5 million related to our non-qualified deferred compensation plan reduced SG A expenses, with the offset in Other Expense. In spite of these decreases in SG A expense, expenses increased primarily due to the added costs from the acquired businesses in our Water Treatment segment and increased wages. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to add approximately 1.0 million in additional SG A expense in that year. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 Operating income was 88.2 million, or 9 of sales, for fiscal 2023, as compared to 71.2 million, or 9 of sales, for fiscal 2022 due to the combined impact of the factors discussed above. Fiscal 2022 included an additional week, which we estimated to add approximately 3.0 million in additional operating income expense in that year. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense was 5.2 million for fiscal 2023, an increase of 3.8 million from interest expense of 1.4 million for fiscal 2022. The increase was due to an increase in borrowing interest rates as well as an increase in average outstanding borrowings due to increased capital needs. 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 
 Our effective tax rate was approximately 27.3 for fiscal 2023 and 26.3 for fiscal 2022. The effective tax rate is impacted by projected levels of annual taxable income, permanent items, and state taxes. The current year increase in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by unfavorable book to tax LIFO differences. 

17 

Selected Quarterly Financial Data 
 
 Selected financial data for our fiscal quarters is shown below. No changes have been made to previously reported information. 
 
 (In thousands, except per share data) Fiscal 2023 First Second Third Fourth Total Sales 246,543 241,192 219,218 228,145 935,098 Gross profit 46,749 46,374 36,271 35,725 165,119 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 18,885 19,838 21,004 17,242 76,969 Operating income 27,864 26,536 15,267 18,483 88,150 Net income 19,695 18,000 10,733 11,613 60,041 Basic earnings per share 0.94 0.86 0.52 0.56 2.88 Diluted earnings per share 0.94 0.86 0.51 0.55 2.86 Fiscal 2022 First Second Third Fourth Total Sales 181,241 183,277 187,050 222,973 774,541 Gross profit 38,974 37,287 33,940 36,319 146,520 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 16,856 17,679 19,681 21,110 75,326 Operating income 22,118 19,608 14,259 15,209 71,194 Net income 16,628 14,133 10,204 10,577 51,542 Basic earnings per share 0.79 0.67 0.49 0.51 2.46 Diluted earnings per share 0.79 0.67 0.48 0.50 2.44 Fiscal 2021 First Second Third Fourth Total Sales 143,172 147,801 142,927 162,971 596,871 Gross profit 30,976 32,797 28,239 31,750 123,762 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 15,038 16,221 17,750 18,875 67,884 Operating income 15,938 16,576 10,489 12,875 55,878 Net income 11,788 12,190 7,921 9,081 40,980 Basic earnings per share 0.56 0.58 0.38 0.43 1.95 Diluted earnings per share 0.55 0.57 0.37 0.43 1.93 
 
 Earnings per share may not equal the face of the Consolidated Statements of Income due to rounding. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2023 was 77.4 million compared to 42.8 million in fiscal 2022. Our net cash provided by operating activities increased 34.6 million compared to fiscal 2022. In the prior fiscal year, we expended significant working capital as accounts receivable and inventory increased over fiscal 2021 resulting in a net 37 million use of cash for working capital accounts. In fiscal 2023, we expended net 13 million in the aggregate for working capital accounts due to lower year-over-year changes. This, combined with improved net income, resulted in the year-over-year increase in net cash provided by operating activities. Due to the nature of our operations, which includes purchases of large quantities of bulk chemicals, the timing of purchases can result in significant changes in working capital and the resulting operating cash flow. Historically, our cash requirements for working capital increase during the period from March through November as caustic soda inventory levels increase as most of our barges are received during this period. 
 18 

Cash used in investing activities was 41.2 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 49.8 million in fiscal 2022. Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment were 48.3 million in fiscal 2023 and 28.5 million in fiscal 2022. The current year increase in capital expenditures was primarily driven by increased expenditures for new trucks and facility improvements and expansions. Cash used in investing activities included no acquisition spending in fiscal 2023 compared to an aggregate of 21.5 million for Water Treatment group acquisitions in fiscal 2022. Cash used in investing activities also included proceeds from asset disposals of 7.0 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 0.3 million in fiscal 2022. The proceeds received in fiscal 2023 related primarily to our sale of certain assets related to our consumer bleach packaging business. 
 
 Cash used in financing activities was 32.1 million in fiscal 2023, as compared to cash provided by financing activities of 7.4 million in fiscal 2022. Cash used in financing activities included net debt repayments of 14.0 million in fiscal 2023, compared to net debt borrowings of 27.0 million in fiscal 2022, which was used primarily to fund our acquisitions in fiscal 2022. We paid out cash dividends of 12.0 million in fiscal 2023 and 11.1 million in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, we used 6.6 million to repurchase shares under our board-authorized share repurchase program, and in fiscal 2022, we used 8.5 million to repurchase shares under the program. 
 
 Our cash balance was 7.6 million at April 2, 2023, an increase of 4.1 million as compared with April 3, 2022. Cash flows generated by operations during fiscal 2023 were offset by the cash expended for capital expenditures, repayments of debt and dividend payments in fiscal 2023. 
 
 We are party to a Credit Agreement with U.S. Bank as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Runner, and other lenders from time to time party thereto, whereby U.S. Bank is also serving as Administrative Agent. The Credit Agreement provides us with a Revolving Loan Facility totaling 250.0 million. The Revolving Loan Facility includes a 10 million letter of credit subfacility and 25 million swingline subfacility. The Revolving Loan Facility has a five-year maturity date, maturing on April 30, 2027. The Revolving Loan Facility is secured by substantially all of our personal property assets and those of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Loan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to one of the following, plus, in both cases, an applicable margin based upon our leverage ratio: (a) Term SOFR, which includes a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 , for an interest period of one, three or six months as selected by us, reset at the end of the selected interest period, or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) U. S. Bank s prime rate, (2) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.5 , or (3) one-month Term SOFR for U.S. dollars plus 1.0 . The Term SOFR margin is between 0.85 and 1.35 , depending on our leverage ratio. The base rate margin is between 0.00 and 0.35 , depending on our leverage ratio. At April 3, 2022, the effective interest rate on our borrowings was 4.3 . 
 
 In addition to paying interest on the outstanding principal under the Revolving Loan Facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee on the unutilized commitments thereunder. The commitment fee is between 0.15 and 0.25 , depending on our leverage ratio. 
 
 Debt issuance costs paid to the Lenders are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the Credit Agreement. As of April 2, 2023, the unamortized balance of these costs was 0.4 million, and is reflected as a reduction of debt on our balance sheet. 
 
 The Credit Agreement requires us to maintain (a) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.15 to 1.00 and (b) a maximum total cash flow leverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. The Credit Agreement also contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, dispose of significant assets, make certain investments, including any acquisitions other than permitted acquisitions, make certain payments, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, grant liens on our assets or enter into rate management transactions, subject to certain limitations. We are permitted to make distributions, pay dividends and repurchase shares so long as no default or event of default exists or would exist as a result thereof. We were in compliance with all covenants of the Credit Agreement as of April 2, 2023 and expect to remain in compliance with all covenants for the next 12 months. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including failure to comply with covenants in the Credit Agreement and other loan documents, cross default to other material indebtedness, failure by us to pay or discharge material judgments, bankruptcy, and change of control. The occurrence of an event of default would permit the lenders to terminate their commitments and accelerate loans under the Credit Facility. 
 19 

We have in place an interest rate swap agreement to manage the risk associated with a portion of our variable-rate long-term debt. We do not utilize derivative instruments for speculative purposes. The interest rate swap involves the exchange of fixed-rate and variable-rate payments without the exchange of the underlying notional amount on which the interest payments are calculated. The notional amount of the swap agreement is 60 million and it will terminate on May 1, 2027. 
 
 As part of our growth strategy, we have acquired businesses and may pursue acquisitions or other strategic relationships in the future that we believe will complement or expand our existing businesses or increase our customer base. We believe we could borrow additional funds under our current or new credit facilities or sell equity for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position. 

Material Cash Requirements 
 The following table provides aggregate information about our contractual payment obligations and the periods in which payments are due: 
 Payments Due by Fiscal Period Contractual Obligation 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 More than 5 Years Total (In thousands) Senior secured revolver (1) 112,000 112,000 Interest payments (2) 6,749 6,749 6,749 6,749 561 27,557 Operating lease obligations (3) 11,757 Pension withdrawal liability (4) 467 467 467 467 467 2,570 4,905 
 (1) Represents balance outstanding as of April 2, 2023, and assumes such amount remains outstanding until its maturity date, as periodic payments are not required under the terms of our Credit Agreement. However, it is our intention to pay down our debt with available excess cash flow. See Note 8 of our consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 (2) Represents interest payments and commitment fees payable on outstanding balances under our revolver and assumes interest rates remain unchanged from the rate as of April 2, 2023. 
 (3) As reported under ASC Topic 842. 
 (4) This relates to our withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan. Payments on this obligation will continue through 2034. 
 In addition to the above contractual obligations, in the ordinary course of business we have routine cash requirements related to capital expenditures for new trucks, facility improvements and expansions, safety equipment and other additions of property, plant and equipment. Our capital expenditures in fiscal 2023 were 48.3 million and in fiscal 2023 were 28.5 million. We anticipate total capital expenditures to be in the range of 40 to 45 million for fiscal 2024. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 In preparing the financial statements, we follow U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We re-evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We have determined we have no critical accounting estimates material to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are subject to the risk inherent in the cyclical nature of commodity chemical prices. However, we do not currently purchase forward contracts or otherwise engage in hedging activities with respect to the purchase of commodity chemicals. We attempt to pass changes in the cost of our materials on to our customers; however, there are no assurances that we will be able to pass on the increases in the future. 
 We are exposed to market risks related to interest rates. Our exposure to changes in interest rates is limited to borrowings under our credit facility. A 25-basis point change in interest rates on the variable-rate portion of debt not covered by the interest rate swap would potentially increase or decrease annual interest expense by approximately 0.1 million. Other types of market risk, such as foreign currency risk, do not arise in the normal course of our business activities. 
 20 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 22 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 24 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 25 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 26 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 27 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 28 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 29 
 
 21 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Hawkins, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Hawkins, Inc. (a Minnesota corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of April 2, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 2, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended April 2, 2023, and our report dated May 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

May 17, 2023 
 
 22 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Hawkins, Inc. 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hawkins, Inc. (a Minnesota corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of April 2, 2023 and April 3, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 2, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 2, 2023 and April 3, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 2, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of April 2, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated May 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 May 17, 2023 

23 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per-share data) April 2, 2023 April 3, 2022 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT: Land Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Transportation equipment Office furniture and equipment Less accumulated depreciation Net property, plant, and equipment OTHER ASSETS: Right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred compensation plan asset Other Total other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable trade Accrued payroll and employee benefits Current portion of long-term debt Income tax payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT LONG-TERM LEASE LIABILITY PENSION WITHDRAWAL LIABILITY DEFERRED INCOME TAXES DEFERRED COMPENSATION LIABILITY OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 12) SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: Common shares; authorized: shares of par value; and shares issued and outstanding for 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 24 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands, except share and per-share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended April 02, 2023 April 03, 2022 March 28, 2021 Sales Cost of sales ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other (expense) income ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Weighted average number of shares outstanding-basic Weighted average number of shares outstanding-diluted Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Cash dividends declared per common share 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 25 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 Fiscal Year Ended April 2, 2023 April 3, 2022 March 28, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Unrealized gain on interest rate swap Total other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 26 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) Common Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount BALANCE March 29, 2020 ) Cash dividends declared and paid ) ) Share-based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock Shares surrendered for payroll taxes ) ) ) ESPP shares issued Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Net income BALANCE March 28, 2021 Cash dividends declared and paid ) ) Share-based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock ) Shares surrendered for payroll taxes ) ) ) ESPP shares issued Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net income BALANCE April 3, 2022 Cash dividends declared and paid ) ) Share-based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock ) Shares surrendered for payroll taxes ) ) ) ESPP shares issued Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net income BALANCE April 2, 2023 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 27 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Fiscal Year Ended April 2, 2023 April 3, 2022 March 28, 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Reconciliation to cash flows provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Operating leases Loss (gain) on deferred compensation assets ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Stock compensation expense (Gain) loss from asset disposals ) Other Changes in operating accounts (using) providing cash, net of acquisitions: Trade receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Lease liabilities ) ) ) Income taxes ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Additions to property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions ) ) Proceeds from asset disposals Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Cash dividends paid ) ) ) New shares issued Shares surrendered for payroll taxes ) ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Payments for debt issuance costs ) Payments on senior secured revolving loan ) ) ) Borrowings on senior secured revolving loan Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - beginning of year CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - end of year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION- Cash paid during the year for income taxes Cash paid for interest Noncash investing activities - Capital expenditures in accounts payable 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 28 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 
 
 reportable segments: Industrial, Water Treatment and Health and Nutrition. The Industrial Group specializes in providing industrial chemicals, products and services to industries such as agriculture, chemical processing, electronics, energy, food, pharmaceutical and plating. This group also manufactures and sells certain food-grade products, including liquid phosphates, lactates and other blended products. The Water Treatment Group specializes in providing chemicals, products, equipment, services and solutions for potable water, municipal and industrial wastewater, industrial process water, non-residential swimming pool water and agricultural water. This group has the resources and flexibility to treat systems ranging in size from a single small well to a multi-million-gallon-per-day facility. Our Health and Nutrition Group specializes in providing ingredient distribution, processing and formulation solutions to manufacturers of nutraceutical, functional food and beverage, personal care, dietary supplement and other nutritional food, health and wellness products. This group offers a diverse product portfolio including minerals, vitamins and amino acids, excipients, joint products, botanicals and herbs, sweeteners and enzymes. 
 
 Fiscal Year - 
 
 Principles of Consolidation - 
 
 Estimates - 
 
 Revenue Recognition - 

29 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cash Equivalents - 
 
 Trade Receivables and Concentrations of Credit Risk - of our total trade receivables. There are no other concentrations of credit risk with other single customers from a particular service or geographic area that would significantly impact us in the near term. 

Inventories - of our inventory determined using the last-in, first-out LIFO method. Cost for the other of our total inventory is determined using the first-in, first-out FIFO method. 
 
 Leases - 

30 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to years for buildings and improvements; to years for machinery and equipment; and to years for transportation equipment and office furniture and equipment including computer systems. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the remaining lease term. Depreciation and amortization expense is recorded in our Consolidated Statement of Income within cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expense, depending on the use of the underlying asset. We recorded depreciation expense of million for fiscal 2023, million for fiscal 2022 and million for fiscal 2021. 

Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets - 

years. Identifiable intangible assets that are subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. No such events or changes in circumstances occurred during fiscal 2023, 2022 or 2021. Identifiable intangible assets not subject to amortization are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events warrant. The impairment test consists of a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. Based on management s analysis of qualitative factors, we determined that it was not necessary to perform an annual quantitative impairment test for fiscal 2023, 2022 or 2021. 

31 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Stock-Based Compensation - 
 
 Earnings Per Share - 
 Dilutive impact of stock performance units and restricted stock Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 
 
 shares or stock options excluded from the calculation of weighted average common shares for diluted EPS for fiscal 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 We do not expect that any recently issued accounting pronouncements will have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 32 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 2 
 million. These assets were not core to our Industrial segment operations, where we tend to focus our manufacturing operations on bulk products. The assets sold included plant equipment, inventory and intangible assets, all related to the packaging of bleach. We realized a gain of million on this sale, which has been recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Acquisition of NAPCO Chemical Company, Inc.: In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, we acquired substantially all the assets of NAPCO Chemical Company, Inc. ("NAPCO") for million, under the terms of an asset purchase agreement with NAPCO and certain other parties thereto, to further the geographic reach of our Water Treatment segment. NAPCO manufactured and distributed water treatment chemicals from three locations in Texas. The results of operations since the acquisition date, and the assets, including the goodwill associated with this acquisition, are included in our Water Treatment segment. Costs associated with this transaction were not material and were expensed as incurred. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, under which the total purchase price is allocated to the net tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of NAPCO acquired in connection with the acquisition based on their estimated fair values. We estimated the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed using a discounted cash flow analysis (income approach). Of the total million purchase price, we allocated million to finite-lived intangible assets, primarily customer relationships to be amortized over 18 years, million to property, plant and equipment and million to net working capital. The residual amount of million was allocated to goodwill. The goodwill recognized as a result of this acquisition is primarily attributable to strategic and synergistic benefits, as well as the assembled workforce. Such goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Acquisition of Water and Waste Specialties, Inc.: In the third quarter of fiscal 2022, we acquired substantially all the assets of Water and Waste Specialties, Inc., under the terms of a purchase agreement with Water and Waste Specialties and its shareholders, to further the geographic reach of our Water Treatment segment. We paid million at closing for the acquisition. Water and Waste Specialties was a water treatment chemical distribution company operating primarily in Alabama. The results of operations since the acquisition date, and the assets, including the goodwill associated with this acquisition, are included in our Water Treatment segment. Costs associated with this transaction were not material and were expensed as incurred. 
 Acquisition of Southeast Water Systems LLC: In the second quarter of fiscal 2022, we acquired substantially all the assets of Southeast Water Systems LLC, under the terms of an asset purchase agreement with Southeast Water Systems and its shareholders, to further the geographic reach of our Water Treatment segment. We paid million at closing for the acquisition and may pay up to an additional million over the three years following the acquisition date based on achieving certain goals. Southeast Water Systems supplied and installed water treatment chemical equipment to its customers located primarily in Alabama, southern Georgia and the Florida panhandle. The results of operations since the acquisition date, and the assets, including the goodwill associated with this acquisition, are included in our Water Treatment segment. Costs associated with this transaction were not material and were expensed as incurred. 
 Acquisition of C L Aqua Professionals, Inc. and LC Blending, Inc. : In fiscal 2021, we acquired substantially all the assets of C L Aqua Professionals, Inc. and LC Blending, Inc. (together, "C L Aqua") under the terms of an asset purchase agreement among us, C L Aqua and its shareholders, to further the geographic reach of our Water Treatment segment. We paid million for the acquisition. C L Aqua was a water treatment chemical distribution company operating primarily in Louisiana. The results of operations since the acquisition date, and the assets, including the goodwill associated with this acquisition, are included in our Water Treatment segment. Costs associated with this transaction were not material and were expensed as incurred. 
 Acquisition of Property : In fiscal 2021, we acquired a manufacturing facility on 28 acres located adjacent to our facility in Rosemount, Minnesota to allow further expansion and growth in both our Industrial and Water Treatment segments. We paid million for the property. The purchase of this facility added approximately 40,000 square feet of manufacturing and warehouse space to bring us to a total of 105,000 square feet of space at that time on 56 acres of land in the area, with rail access at both of the sites to allow for future growth and provide for supply chain flexibility on certain raw materials to better serve our customers. 
 million for the acquisition. ADC was a water treatment chemical distribution company operating primarily in Tennessee, Georgia and Kentucky. The results of operations since the acquisition date, and the assets, including the goodwill associated with this acquisition, are included in our Water Treatment segment. Costs associated with this transaction were not material and were expensed as incurred. 
 33 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 3 
 
 Distributed specialty products (2) 
 Bulk products (3) 
 Other Total external customer sales Fiscal Year Ended April 3, 2022: (In thousands) Industrial Water Treatment Health and Nutrition Total Manufactured, blended or repackaged products (1) 
 Distributed specialty products (2) 
 Bulk products (3) 
 Other Total external customer sales Fiscal Year Ended March 28, 2021: (In thousands) Industrial Water Treatment Health and Nutrition Total Manufactured, blended or repackaged products (1) 
 Distributed specialty products (2) 
 Bulk products (3) 
 Other ) Total external customer sales 
 
 (1) For our Industrial and Water Treatment segments, this line includes our non-bulk specialty products that we either manufacture, blend, repackage, resell in their original form, or direct ship to our customers in smaller quantities, and services we provide for our customers. For our Health and Nutrition segment, this line includes products manufactured, processed or repackaged in our facility and/or with our equipment. 
 (2) This line includes non-manufactured distributed specialty products in our Health and Nutrition segment, which may be sold out of one of our facilities or direct shipped to our customers. 
 (3) This line includes bulk products in our Industrial and Water Treatment segments that we do not modify in any way, but receive, store, and ship from our facilities, or direct ship to our customers in large quantities. 
 
 34 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 4 
 million and it will terminate on May 1, 2027. We have designated this swap as a cash flow hedge and have determined that it qualifies for hedge accounting treatment. For so long as the hedge is effective, changes in fair value of the cash flow hedge are recorded in other comprehensive income or loss (net of tax) until income or loss from the cash flows of the hedged item is realized. 
 We previously had in place an interest rate swap agreement to manage the risk associated with a portion of our variable-rate long-term debt. The 20 million swap agreement terminated on December 23, 2020. We had designated this swap as a cash flow hedge and determined that it qualified for hedge accounting treatment. 
 For fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recorded million, million, and million, respectively, in other comprehensive income related to unrealized gains (net of tax) on the cash flow hedge. Included in other long-term assets on our consolidated balance sheet was million as of April 2, 2023 and million as of April 3, 2022. 

Note 5 
 
 Interest rate swap Level 2 

0 

35 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 6 
 
 LIFO reserve ) ) Net inventory 
 
 The FIFO value of inventories accounted for under the LIFO method was million at April 2, 2023 and million at April 3, 2022. The remainder of the inventory was valued and accounted for under the FIFO method. 

Note 7 
 
 reportable segments were as follows: (In thousands) Industrial Water Treatment Health and Nutrition Total Balance as of March 28, 2021 Addition due to acquisitions Balance as of April 3, 2022 and April 2, 2023 
 
 ) Trademarks and trade names ) Other finite-life intangible assets ) Total finite-life intangible assets ) Indefinite-life intangible assets Total intangible assets, net ) 
 
 2022 Gross Amount Accumulated Amortization Net carrying value (In thousands) Finite-life intangible assets: Customer relationships ) Trademarks and trade names ) Other finite-life intangible assets ) Total finite-life intangible assets ) Indefinite-life intangible assets Total intangible assets, net ) 
 
 Intangible asset amortization expense was million during fiscal 2023, million during fiscal 2022, and million during fiscal 2021. 

36 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total 

Note 8 
 
 million. The Revolving Loan Facility includes a million letter of credit subfacility and million swingline subfacility. The Revolving Loan Facility has a five-year maturity date, maturing on April 30, 2027. The Revolving Loan Facility is secured by substantially all of our personal property assets and those of our subsidiaries. 
 
 At April 2, 2023, the effective interest rate on our borrowings was . In addition to paying interest on the outstanding principal under the Revolving Loan Facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee on the unutilized commitments thereunder. The commitment fee is between and , depending on our leverage ratio. 
 
 Debt issuance costs of million paid to the lenders in connection with the Credit Agreement, as well as unamortized debt issuance costs of million paid in connection with the previous credit facility, are reflected as a reduction of debt and are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the Revolving Loan Facility. 
 
 The Credit Agreement requires us to maintain (a) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of to and (b) a maximum total cash flow leverage ratio of to . The Credit Agreement also contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, dispose of significant assets, make certain investments, including any acquisitions other than permitted acquisitions, make certain payments, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, grant liens on our assets or enter into rate management transactions, subject to certain limitations. We are permitted to make distributions, pay dividends and repurchase shares so long as no default or event of default exists or would exist as a result thereof. As of April 3, 2022, we were in compliance with all required covenants. 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt, net of debt issuance costs Less: current portion of long-term debt, net of current unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 37 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 9 
 shares and shares in the aggregate for fiscal 2023. The restricted shares issued, if any, will fully vest two years after the end of the fiscal year on which the performance is based. We record the compensation expense for the outstanding performance share units and then-converted restricted stock over the life of the awards. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at end of fiscal 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at end of fiscal 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at end of fiscal 2023 
 We recorded compensation expense on performance-based restricted stock of approximately million for fiscal 2023, million for fiscal 2022 and million for fiscal 2021, substantially all of which was recorded in SG A expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The total fair value of performance-based restricted stock units vested was million in fiscal 2023, million in fiscal 2022 and million in fiscal 2021. 
 Until the performance-based restricted stock units result in the issuance of restricted stock, the amount of expense recorded each period is dependent upon our estimate of the number of shares that will ultimately be issued and our then current common share price. Upon issuance of restricted stock, we record compensation expense over the remaining vesting period using the award date closing price. Unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock and non-vested restricted share units as of April 2, 2023 was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 38 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at end of fiscal 2021 Granted Vested ) Outstanding at end of fiscal 2022 Granted Vested ) Outstanding at end of fiscal 2023 
 Annual expense related to the value of restricted stock was million in fiscal 2023, and million in fiscal 2022 and 2021, and was recorded in SG A expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards as of April 2, 2023 was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Note 10 
 shares of our outstanding common shares. The shares may be repurchased on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions subject to applicable securities laws and regulations. Upon repurchase of the shares, we reduce our common shares for the par value of the shares with the excess applied against additional paid-in capital. We repurchased common shares at an aggregate purchase price of million during fiscal 2023. We repurchased common shares at an aggregate purchase price of million during fiscal 2022. We repurchased common shares at an aggregate purchase price of million during fiscal 2021. As of April 2, 2023, the number of shares available to be purchased under the share repurchase program was . 

Note 11 
 or of each employee s eligible compensation for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. We also have in place a retirement plan covering our collective bargaining unit employees. The retirement plan provides for a contribution of or of each employee s eligible annual wages depending on their hire date. In addition to the employer contributions described above, both the profit sharing plan and the retirement plan include a 401(k) plan that allows employees to contribute pre-tax earnings up to the maximum amount allowed under the IRC, with an employer match of up to of the employee s eligible compensation. 
 We have two employee stock ownership plans ESOPs ), one covering the majority of our non-bargaining unit employees and the other covering our collective bargaining unit employees. Contributions to the plan covering our non-bargaining unit employees are made at our discretion. Contributions to both plans are subject to a maximum amount allowed under the IRC, and were or of each employee s eligible wages, depending on each eligible employee s hire date, for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 39 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of each employee s eligible compensation, subject to the maximum amount allowed under the IRC. 
 We have an employee stock purchase plan ESPP covering substantially all of our employees. The ESPP allows employees to purchase newly-issued shares of the Company s common shares at a discount from market. The number of new shares issued under the ESPP was in fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2022 and in fiscal 2021. 
 401(k) matching contributions ESOP Nonqualified deferred compensation plan Bargaining unit employee plans ESPP - all employees Total contribution expense 
 In 2013, we withdrew from a collectively bargained multiemployer pension plan and recorded a liability for our share of the unfunded vested benefits. Payments of approximately million per year are being made through 2034. 

Note 12 
 
 leases of land which contain terms that state that at the end of the lease term, we have a specified amount of time to remove the property and buildings. Including available lease extensions, these leases expire in 2024, 2033 and 2044. At that time, anything that remains on the land becomes the property of the lessor, and the lessor has the option to either maintain the property or remove the property at our expense. We have not been able to reasonably estimate the fair value of the asset retirement obligations, primarily due to the combination of the following factors: certain of the leases do not expire in the near future; we have a history of extending the leases with the lessors and currently intend to do so at expiration of the lease periods; the lessors do not have a history of terminating leases with their tenants; and because it is more likely than not that the buildings will have value at the end of the lease life and therefore, may not be removed by either the lessee or the lessor. Therefore, in accordance with accounting guidance related to asset retirement and environmental obligations, we have not recorded an asset retirement obligation as of April 2, 2023. We will continue to monitor the factors surrounding the requirement to record an asset retirement obligation and will recognize the fair value of a liability in the period in which it is incurred and a reasonable estimate can be made. 
 
 40 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 13 
 
 State current Total current Federal deferred ) ) State deferred ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Total provision 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal deduction ESOP dividend deduction on allocated shares ) ) ) Other net ) ) ) Total 
 
 Stock compensation accruals Pension withdrawal liability Lease liability Inventories Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Inventories ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Excess of tax over book depreciation ) ) Intangible assets ) ) ROU asset ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swap ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 As of April 2, 2023, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets at April 2, 2023 will be realized either through future taxable income or reversals of taxable temporary differences. 
 
 We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state jurisdictions. The tax years prior to our fiscal year ended March 29, 2020 are closed to examination by the Internal Revenue Service, and with few exceptions, state and local income tax jurisdictions. 
 
 41 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 14 
 
 year to years, some of which include options to extend the lease for up to . 
 
 As of April 2, 2023 and April 3, 2022, our operating lease components with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year were classified on the consolidated balance sheet within right-of-use assets, short-term lease liability and long-term lease liability. 
 
 Total lease expense was million for the twelve months ended April 2, 2023 and million for the twelve months ended April 3, 2022, and includes leases less than 12 months in duration. 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 42 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 15 
 
 reportable segments: Industrial, Water Treatment and Health and Nutrition. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Product costs and expenses for each segment are based on actual costs incurred along with cost allocations of shared and centralized functions. 
 
 We evaluate performance based on operating income. Reportable segments are defined primarily by product and type of customer. Segments are responsible for the sales, marketing and development of their products and services. Other than our Health and Nutrition segment, the segments do not have separate customer service or purchasing functions. There are intersegment sales and operating segments have been aggregated. 
 Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Operating income Identifiable assets Capital expenditures Fiscal Year Ended April 3, 2022: Sales Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Operating income Identifiable assets Capital expenditures Fiscal Year Ended March 28, 2021: Sales Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Operating income Identifiable assets Capital expenditures 
 million at April 2, 2023, million at April 3, 2022 and million at March 28, 2021 
 43 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we conducted an evaluation, under supervision and with the participation of management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or person performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of April 2, 2023, based on the criteria described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 2, 2023. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting for April 2, 2023 which is included in the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in Item 8 of this Annual Report on 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Procedures 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 44 

PART III 
 
 Certain information required by Part III is incorporated by reference from Hawkins definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on August 2, 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). Except for those portions specifically incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, no other portions of the 2023 Proxy Statement are deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 Our current executive officers, their ages and offices held, are set forth below: Name Age Office Patrick H. Hawkins 52 Chief Executive Officer and President Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp 50 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Richard G. Erstad 59 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Drew M. Grahek 53 Vice President Operations Douglas A. Lange 53 Vice President Water Treatment Group David J. Mangine 65 Vice President Industrial Group Shirley A. Rozeboom 61 Vice President Health and Nutrition 
 
 Patrick H. Hawkins has been our Chief Executive Officer and President and member of our board since 2011. Mr. Hawkins has held the position of President since 2010. He joined the Company in 1992 and served as the Business Director - Food and Pharmaceuticals, a position he held from 2009 to 2010. Previously he served as Business Manager - Food and Co-Extrusion Products from 2007 to 2009 and Sales Representative - Food Ingredients from 2002 to 2007. He previously served the Company in various other capacities, including Plant Manager, Quality Director and Technical Director. 
 
 Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since October 2021. Mr. Oldenkamp joined Hawkins in May 2017 and assumed the role of Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer in June 2017. Prior to joining Hawkins, Mr. Oldenkamp was with MTS Systems Corporation, a supplier of high-performance test systems and sensors, where he served as Chief Financial Officer from 2015 to May 2017 and as Vice President of Finance for the MTS Test business from 2014 to 2015, and with Nilfisk-Advance, Inc., a global manufacturer of professional cleaning equipment, where he served as Americas Operations Chief Financial Officer and Vice President from 2012 to 2014. 
 
 Richard G. Erstad has been our Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since 2008. Mr. Erstad was General Counsel and Secretary of BUCA, Inc., a restaurant company, from 2005 to 2008. Mr. Erstad had previously been an attorney with the corporate group of Faegre Benson LLP, a law firm, from 1996 to 2005, where his practice focused on securities law and mergers and acquisitions. He is a member of the Minnesota Bar. 
 
 Drew M. Grahek has been our Vice President - Operations since September 2018. Prior to joining Hawkins, Mr. Grahek was Adjunct Faculty at the University of Minnesota College of Continuing Education and a Business Administrator in the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis from June 2017 to June 2018; Director of Service Operations and Supply Chain with Ulta Beauty, Inc. from April 2016 to June 2017; and Director of Stores with Field and Stream Outdoor Stores, a division of Dick s Sporting Goods, Inc. from July 2015 to April 2016. Previously, he spent a total of 23 years at Target Corporation in a variety of operations, merchandising and property management positions. 
 
 Douglas A. Lange has been our Vice President - Water Treatment Group since June 2020. Prior to attaining this position, Mr. Lange served the Company as General Manager and Product Development Manager for the Water Treatment Group after joining the company in January 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lange was with H.B. Fuller Company, a global supplier of special adhesives, where he served as Global Marketing Manager and Product Manager for specialty markets in electronics and wood products from 2011 to January 2019. Mr. Lange served in various roles in the specialty adhesives market for a total of 21 years prior to joining the Company. 
 
 45 

David J. Mangine has been our Vice President - Industrial Group since 2021. Prior to attaining this position, Mr. Mangine served as the Industrial Sales Manager from 2011 to 2021, after joining Hawkins in 2000 as an Account Manager. 
 
 Shirley A. Rozeboom has been our Vice President - Health and Nutrition since 2019. Prior to attaining this position, Ms. Rozeboom held the position of Senior Vice President of Sales for Stauber from 2012 to 2019, Director of Sales from 2008 to 2012 and Account Executive from 2000 to 2008. 
 
 The disclosure under the headings Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, and, if applicable, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports of the 2022 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controller and other persons performing similar functions. We have posted the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website located at www.hawkinsinc.com. Hawkins Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is also available in print to any shareholder who requests it in writing from our Corporate Secretary. We intend to post on our website any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controller and other persons performing similar functions within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. We are not including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this report. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The disclosure under the heading Compensation of Executive Officers and Directors in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The disclosure under the headings Security Ownership of Management and Beneficial Ownership and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The disclosure under the headings Election of Directors and Related Party Transactions of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The disclosure under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fees of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 46 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE COMPANY The following financial statements of Hawkins, Inc. are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms. Consolidated Balance Sheets at April 2, 2023 and April 3, 2022. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2023, April 3, 2022 and March 28, 2021. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2023, April 3, 2022 and March 28, 2021. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2023, April 3, 2022, and March 28, 2021. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2023, April 3, 2022, and March 28, 2021. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. (a)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES OF THE COMPANY The additional financial data listed below is included as a schedule to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements presented in Part II, Item 8. Schedules not included with this additional financial data have been omitted because they are not required, or the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes. The following financial statement schedule for the fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. (a)(3) EXHIBITS 

47 

Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit Description Method of Filing 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation. (1) 
 Incorporated by Reference 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws. (2) 
 Incorporated by Reference 4.1 Description of Securities. (3) 
 Incorporated by Reference 10.1 Hawkins, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan. (4) 
 Incorporated by Reference 10.2 Hawkins, Inc. Executive Severance Plan. (5) 
 Incorporated by Reference 10.3 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. (6) 
 Incorporated by Reference 10.4 Amendment No. 2 to the Hawkins, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 
 Filed Electronically 10.5 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2022, among the Company, U.S. Bank National Association, and certain financial institutions. (7) 
 Incorporated by Reference 10.6 Hawkins, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. (8) 
 Incorporated by Reference 10.7 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Notice and Restricted Stock Agreement under the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. (9) 
 Incorporated by Reference 10.8 Nine Year LTI with Shirley Rozeboom. (10) 
 Incorporated by Reference 21 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 Filed Electronically 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. 
 Filed Electronically 24.1 Powers of Attorney. 
 Filed Electronically 31.1 Certification by Chief Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Filed Electronically 31.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Filed Electronically 32.1 Section 1350 Certification by Chief Executive Officer. 
 Filed Electronically 32.2 Section 1350 Certification by Chief Financial Officer. 
 Filed Electronically 101 Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hawkins, Inc. for the period ended April 2, 2023, filed with the SEC on May 17, 2023, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at April 2, 2023 and April 3, 2022 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2023, April 3, 2022, and March 28, 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2023, April 3, 2022, and March 28, 2021, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2023, April 3, 2022, and March 28, 2021, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended April 2, 2023, April 3, 2022, and March 28, 2021, and (iv) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Filed Electronically 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document) Filed Electronically 
 Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2021 and filed March 2, 2021. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 28, 2009 and filed November 3, 2009. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed June 2,2021. 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed June 6, 2011. 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 3, 2011. 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed November 2, 2018. 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-K filed December 3, 2018. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2019. 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed May 20,2020. 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed June 2,2021. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. HAWKINS, INC. By /s/ Patrick H. Hawkins Patrick H. Hawkins Chief Executive Officer and President Dated: May 17, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Patrick H. Hawkins May 17, 2023 Patrick H. Hawkins Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (principal executive officer) /s/ Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp May 17, 2023 Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) Director May 17, 2023 James A. Faulconbridge Director May 17, 2023 Mary J. Schumacher Director May 17, 2023 Jeffrey E. Spethmann Director May 17, 2023 Daniel J. Stauber Director May 17, 2023 Yi "Faith" Tang Director May 17, 2023 James T. Thompson Director May 17, 2023 Jeffrey L. Wright 
 
 Patrick H. Hawkins, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this document on behalf of each of the above-named directors of the registrant pursuant to Powers of Attorney duly executed by such persons. 
 By: /s/ Patrick H. Hawkins Patrick H. Hawkins Attorney-in-fact 

SCHEDULE II 
 HAWKINS, INC. 
 
 ) Fiscal Year Ended April 3, 2022: Allowance for credit losses ) Fiscal Year Ended March 28, 2021: Allowance for credit losses ) 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 hwkn10k2023exhibit104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 
 TO THE 
 HAWKINS, INC. 
 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN, AS AMENDED 
 
 WHEREAS, Hawkins, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company maintains the Hawkins, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to amend the Plan to provide for a minimum holding period for Shares purchased under the Plan to ensure that Participants purchases will qualify for the tax treatment described in Section 423(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that, effective with respect to the purchase period commencing on July 1, 2023 and each subsequent purchase period thereafter, the Plan be, and it hereby is, amended as follows 
 1. Section 10.2 of the Plan is amended by replacing the second and third sentences of the second paragraph of such section with the following sentence 
 At any time after the Participant has satisfied the minimum holding period requirements established by Code Section 423(a)(1), the Participant may direct such agent to sell such Shares and distribute the net proceeds of such sale to the Participant, or a Participant may request from the agent a certificate representing the Shares credited to the Participant s account, in which case the agent shall transfer a certificate for such whole number of Shares directly to the Participant. 
 2. The other provisions, terms and conditions of the Plan are and will remain in full force and effect. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this amendment has been duly adopted by the Company s Board of Directors as of April 26, 2023. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-21>
 3
 hwkn10k2023exhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of Hawkins, Inc. 

Subsidiary State of Organization Stauber Holdings, Inc. Minnesota Stauber Performance Ingredients, Inc., a subsidiary of Stauber Holdings, Inc. Minnesota 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 hwkn10k2023exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We have issued our reports dated May 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Hawkins, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended April 2, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Hawkins, Inc. on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-87582, 333-123080, 333-172761, 333-174735, 333-228128, and 333-234432). 
 
 s Grant Thornton LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 May 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 hwkn10k2023exhibit241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned director of Hawkins, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint Patrick H. Hawkins and Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date set forth below. 
 
 s James A. Faulconbridge James A. Faulconbridge April 27, 2022 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned director of Hawkins, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint Patrick H. Hawkins and Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date set forth below. 
 
 s Mary J. Schumacher Mary J. Schumacher April 27, 2022 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned director of Hawkins, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint Patrick H. Hawkins and Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date set forth below. 
 
 s Jeffrey E. Spethmann Jeffrey E. Spethmann April 27, 2022 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned director of Hawkins, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint Patrick H. Hawkins and Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date set forth below. 
 
 s Daniel J. Stauber Daniel J. Stauber April 27, 2022 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned director of Hawkins, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint Patrick H. Hawkins and Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date set forth below. 
 
 s Yi Faith Tang Yi Faith Tang April 27, 2022 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned director of Hawkins, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint Patrick H. Hawkins and Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date set forth below. 
 s James T. Thompson James Thompson 
 April 27, 2022 

HAWKINS, INC. 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 The undersigned director of Hawkins, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint Patrick H. Hawkins and Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp, and either of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date set forth below. 
 
 s Jeffrey L. Wright Jeffrey L. Wright April 27, 2022 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 hwkn10k2023exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Patrick H. Hawkins, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hawkins, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date May 17, 2023 
 s Patrick H. Hawkins Patrick H. Hawkins Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 hwkn10k2023exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hawkins, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date May 17, 2023 
 s Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 hwkn10k2023exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hawkins, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended April 2, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Patrick H. Hawkins, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Patrick H. Hawkins Patrick H. Hawkins Chief Executive Officer and President May 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 hwkn10k2023exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hawkins, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended April 2, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer May 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hwkn-20230402.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hwkn-20230402_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hwkn-20230402_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hwkn-20230402_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hwkn-20230402_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

