<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1769624_0001213900-23-026399.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9922129</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>387275</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1897631</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2455582</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2368772</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2465180</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-026399.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403171555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-026399
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGBA Group Holding Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001769624
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38909
		FILM NUMBER:		23793876

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1108, 11TH FL,BLOCK B
		STREET 2:		NEW MADISON PLAZA, 14 SCIENCE MUSEUM RD
		CITY:			TSIMSHATSUI EAST, KOWLOON
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			OOOOO
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 3998-4852

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1108, 11TH FL,BLOCK B
		STREET 2:		NEW MADISON PLAZA, 14 SCIENCE MUSEUM RD
		CITY:			TSIMSHATSUI EAST, KOWLOON
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			OOOOO

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGBA Acquisition Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190304

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-026399.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_agbagroup.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to 

Commission file number:

AGBA
GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, SAR (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Warrants,
each warrant exercisable for one-half of one Ordinary Share for 11.50 per full share AGBAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At April 3, 2023, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the ordinary shares of the registrant
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 

The number of shares of the ordinary shares of
the registrant outstanding as of March 10, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

FORM 10-K 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PART
 I 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 34 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 34 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 35 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 35 

PART
 II 
 
 36 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 36 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 56 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 58 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 58 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 58 

PART
 III 
 
 59 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 59 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 63 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 66 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 69 

PART
 IV 
 
 71 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 71 

i 

FREQUENTLY USED TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K or unless the context requires otherwise, references in this annual report to: 

AAL 
 means AGBA Acquisition Limited, our predecessor company prior to the consummation of the
 Business Combination; 

AGBA, we, us, our, 
 our company , the Company , the Group and any similar term means AGBA Group Holding Limited; 

Business
 Combination Agreement means that certain Business Combination Agreement dated November 3, 2021 by and among AAL, B2B, B2BSub,
 HKSub, OPH, Fintech, and TAG, TAG International Limited, TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited, and their collective subsidiaries, as
 amended on November 18, 2021, January 4, 2022, May 4, 2022, and October 21, 2022, and as may be further amended, supplemented or
 otherwise modified from time to time, and its schedules and exhibits thereto; 

Business
 Day means any day (except any Saturday, Sunday, or public holiday) on which banks
 in New York City, New York are open for business; 

BVI 
 means the British Virgin Islands; 

BVI Companies
 Law means the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 (as amended from time to time); 

China, 
 mainland China, or the PRC means the People s Republic
 of China; 

Convoy
 Global means Convoy Global Holdings Limited, TAG s ultimate parent company; 

COVID-19 
 means the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2; 

Exchange Act 
 means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Greater
 Bay Area or GBA means the geographic region comprising Macau, Guangzhou,
 Shenzhen, and the surrounding area; 

Hong Kong 
 means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of
 China; 

Hong Kong
 Dollars or HK means the lawful currency of Hong Kong; 

IPO 
 means the initial public offering of AAL, completed on May 16, 2019; 

Legacy Group means Convoy Global and its subsidiaries
and affiliates; 

Nasdaq 
 means the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

ordinary
 shares or AGBA Shares means the ordinary shares of AGBA, US 0.001 par
 value per share; 

PCAOB 
 means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board of the United States; 

OPH means OnePlatform Holdings Limited; 

SEC 
 or Securities and Exchange Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission
 of the United States; 

Securities
 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

Sponsor 
 means AGBA Holding Limited; 

TAG 
 means TAG Holdings Limited; 

Transfer
 Agent or Continental means Continental Stock Transfer Trust
 Company; 

U.S. Dollars, 
 USD, and US means the legal currency of the United States;
 and 

U.S. GAAP 
 means the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

ii 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the
information incorporated herein by reference, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination
described herein, and the financial condition, results of operations, earnings outlook, and prospects of Company. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, 
 may, might , ongoing, outlook, plan, possible , potential, 
 predict, project, should , strive , would , will, and
other similar words and expressions, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements are based on the
current expectations of the management of the Company and its management and are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances
and their potential effects and speak only as of the date of such statement. There can be no assurance that future developments will
be those that have been anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the
 Company s future capital requirements and sources and uses of cash; 

the
 Company s ability to obtain funding or raise capital for its operations and future
 growth, in particular to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate
 activities; 

estimated
 future capital expenditures needed to preserve the Company s capital base; 

economic
 downturns and the possibility of rapid change in the industry in which the Company operates; 

assumptions
 regarding interest rates and inflation; 

product
 liability or regulatory lawsuits or proceedings relating to the Company s products
 and services; 

inability
 to secure or protect its intellectual property; 

dispute
 or deterioration of the relationship with the Company s major partners and collaborators; 

the
 outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company following completion
 of the business combination and transactions contemplated thereby; 

the
 ability to maintain the listing of its ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq 

the
 risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations; 

the
 ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the business combination, which may be affected
 by, among other things, competition, and the ability of the Company to grow and manage growth
 profitably; 

costs
 related to the business combination; 

the
 possibility that COVID-19 may adversely affect the results of operations, financial position
 and cash flows after the business combination; and 

other
 risks and uncertainties indicated in this report, including those set forth under Part I,
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize or should any of the assumptions made by the management of the Company prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. 

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking
statements concerning the business combination or other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to the
Company or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred
to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, the Company undertakes no obligation
to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to
reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

AGBA Group Holding Limited, together with its
wholly-owned subsidiaries (the Company , we , our , us and AGBA is
a leading wealth management and healthcare institution based in Hong Kong servicing over 400,000 individual and corporate customers. 

We currently operate in four market-leading businesses:
our Platform Business, Distribution Business, Healthcare Business, and Fintech Business. 

Since 2019, we have implemented a strategy to
expand and upgrade our long-standing broker-dealer business into a platform business and a distribution business. Today, we offer unique
product and service offerings: 

- B2B: tech-enabled broker management platform
for advisors Platform Business and 

- B2C: market leading portfolio of wealth and
health products Distribution Business ). 

We also have a market leadership in our healthcare
business through our 4 stake in and a strategic partnership with HCMPS. It is one of the most reputed healthcare brands in Hong Kong.
It has four self-operated medical centres and a network of over 700 healthcare service providers. 

Finally, we are an established operator and successful
investor in the FinTech industry. We have carefully built out investment positions in FinTech, WealthTech and HealthTech businesses, applying
lessons learned from our own distribution, platform and healthcare businesses. 

History 

On November 14, 2022, AGBA Acquisition Limited,
or AAL, a British Virgin Islands corporation and a special purpose acquisition company, consummated a series of transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement. 

Upon the Closing of Business Combination : (i) AAL
became, through an acquisition merger, the 100 owner of the issued and outstanding securities of each of TAG International Limited, TAG
Asia Capital Holdings Limited, and their collective subsidiaries; (ii) the governing documents of AAL were amended and restated,
becoming the Fifth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; (iii) the number of AAL s authorized ordinary
shares was increased from 100 million to 200 million, and (iv) AAL s name changed from AGBA Acquisition Limited 
to AGBA Group Holding Limited which is our current name and which we also refer to, post-Business Combination, as AGBA 
or the Group. 

1 

Current Operation 

We currently operate and comprise of four major
businesses: 

1. Platform Business: we operate as a
 financial supermarket offering over 1,800 financial products to a large universe
 of retail and corporate customers. 

2. Distribution Business: our powerful
 financial advisor business is the largest in the market, it engages in the personal financial
 advisory business (including advising and sales of a full range of financial services products
 including long-term life insurance, savings and mortgages), with additional internal and
 external channels being developed and added. 

3. Healthcare Business: through our 4 
 stake in and a strategic partnership with HCMPS, operating as one of the largest healthcare
 management organizations in the Hong Kong and Macau region, with over 800 doctors in its
 network. Established in 1979, it is one of the most reputed healthcare brands in Hong Kong. 

4. Fintech Business: we have an ensemble of leading FinTech assets and businesses in Europe and Hong Kong. In addition to financial
gains, we also derive substantial knowledge transfers from our investee companies, supporting our development and growth of new business
models. 

Platform Business 

The Platform Business is a one-stop financial
supermarket with a breadth of products and services, sourced from leading global product providers, that is unrivaled in Hong Kong. 

We operate under the OnePlatform 
brand, offering a full-service platform to banks, other financial institutions, family offices, brokers, and individual independent financial
advisors to advise and serve their retail clients. Our technology-enabled platform offers a wide range of financial products, covering
life insurance, pensions, property-casualty insurance, stock brokerage, mutual funds, money lending and real estate agency. 

2 

Our OnePlatform brand covers 44 insurance providers
selling 657 products, and 40 asset management fund houses with over 1,000 products. 

Distribution Business 

The Distribution Business currently operates as
a licensed insurance broker and a registered Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) intermediary in Hong Kong, providing financial planning and
wealth management services to institutional and individual customers with its team of over 1,500 independent financial advisors. The Distribution
Business is regulated by the Hong Kong Insurance Authority and the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority. 

The Distribution Business s main sources
of income are sales commission and service fee income from its infrastructure support platform. It recognizes commission income from the
insurance providers based on the sale of insurance products at predetermined insurance premium rates according to the types of products
sold. 

The financial advisors, organized under two brands
of AGBA focus and AGBA perform , are the primary distribution channels for the Distribution Business. These
channels are positioned to match individuals financial needs with an appropriate choice of insurance products. They target to
bring additional revenue for the Distribution Business by serving as a matching platform between insurance companies and
consumers. Marketing activities of the Distribution Business include sales campaigns and invitations to corporate events, at which new
customers are mainly solicited through direct conversation or meetings between financial advisors and retail customers. 

As of December 31, 2022, we currently work with
1,528 independent financial advisors. 

Healthcare Business 

We own a 4 minority shareholding in HCMPS Healthcare
Holdings Limited HCMPS ), one of the leading healthcare management organizations in Hong Kong. The Company, through one
of its subsidiaries, holds 4 stake in and a strategic partnership with HCMPS. 

Founded in 1979 and currently operating under
the Dr. Jones Fok Associates Medical Scheme Management Limited JFA brand, JFA is one of the most reputed healthcare
brands in Hong Kong. It has four self-operated medical centres and a network of over 700 healthcare service providers providing
healthcare schemes for more than 500 corporate clients with over 300,000 scheme members. JFA s clients include blue chip companies
from various industry and leading insurers. Apart from Hong Kong, JFA is the largest operator in Macau with around 70 clinics. 

JFA has a long-standing track record of operating
as a low-cost, high efficiency operation. It offers vast untapped opportunities for the Group, both in revenue growth and cross-selling. 

FinTech Business 

Fintech Investments 

Fintech manages an ensemble of financial technology
(fintech) investments and operates through its subsidiaries TAG Technologies Limited, AGBA Group Limited (formerly known as Tandem Money
Hong Kong Limited), and Tandem Fintech Limited, a health and wealth management platform with a broad spectrum of services and value-added information
in health, insurance, investments and social sharing. 

The portfolio companies in which Fintech has
invested remain growth stage businesses with modest revenues, and none has yet reached the operational breakeven point. Therefore, the
business case for all these companies relies on transformations in scale, product offering, and/or geographic scope to drive future value
creation. Fintech intends to maximize the strategic fit between these portfolio companies and the companies forming part of the OnePlatform
brand to drive additional value capture. 

Fintech s management team has strived to
establish the business as a leading name in the fintech investment sector. 

3 

Fintech s business aims to create value
on three fronts: 

1. Building long-term fintech
 franchises in Hong Kong using business models, operations, and technologies tested in
 more mature markets; 

2. Supporting and capturing
 synergies with OnePlatform and its other business segments; and 

3. Realizing financial returns from its fintech investments. 

Please see the section titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of AGBA for a summary of the current valuations of
Fintech s stakes in the fintech portfolio companies. 

1) Tandem 

Tandem Money Limited Tandem is
a UK based challenger bank which focuses on lending growth with high risk-adjusted yields. It operates a digital
deposit strategy to continue funding its growth, which is known as a neobank strategy. Founded in 2013, Tandem provides
an app-based retail bank service for its customers. Through its app, customers can access retail banking services comprising deposits,
mortgages, loans and credit cards. Tandem also leverages digital wealth management to cross-sell and offers value-added services
such as cash management across bank accounts, savings, debt management, and financial planning. 

Background to the Investment in Tandem 

TAG Technologies Limited TAG Technologies first invested in 2018 with Tandem still positioned as a neobank focused on digital and analytics to generate user and deposit growth.
The initial investment was by way of a subscription agreement with Tandem, pursuant to which TAG Technologies agreed to subscribe for
and Tandem agreed to issue 11,259,740 ordinary B shares in Tandem for a consideration of 15 million. The consideration was determined
by the parties after arm s length negotiations taking into account (i) the unaudited consolidated net asset value of Tandem
as at September 30, 2018, which was approximately 55.7 million, and (ii) the potential in the future business development
of Tandem. 

We believed that Tandem s strategy in 2020
was predicated on a clear asset pivot to grow consumer loans in attractive categories such as home improvement and specialty mortgages.
In April 2020, TAG Technologies entered into a further subscription agreement with Tandem, pursuant to which TAG Technologies agreed
to subscribe for and Tandem agreed to issue 49,476,049 ordinary B shares in Tandem for a consideration of 10 million. The consideration
was determined by the parties after arm s length negotiations taking into account (i) the unaudited consolidated net asset value
of Tandem as of October 31, 2019, which was approximately 44.9 million, and (ii) the potential in Tandem s future business
development. 

In June and August 2021, TAG Technologies
purchased an additional aggregate of 14,000,000 ordinary B shares of Tandem at the price of 0.15 per share, for cash consideration
of approximately US 2.9 million (equivalent to approximately 2.1 million). We currently owns 4.92 equity interest in Tandem. 

Share Purchase and Knowledge Transfer Agreement 

In connection with the April 2020 investment,
Tandem, AGBA Group Limited AGBA Group and TAG Technologies entered into a Share Purchase and Knowledge Transfer Agreement
pursuant to which, among other things, TAG Technologies purchased the entire issued share capital of AGBA Group, and Tandem undertook
to provide certain knowledge transfer services to TAG Technologies and its affiliates. Pursuant to the Share Purchase and Knowledge Transfer
Agreement, Tandem also granted a license in certain Tandem proprietary software and other licensed materials to be made available to
TAG Technologies and its affiliates during the knowledge transfer period , which ends on the earlier of the date six months
after Tandem completes a migration of its systems to a new platform, and April 2, 2023. For as long as TAG Technologies is a shareholder
of Tandem, each member of AGBA is granted a license to use the name Tandem and any registered logo or trademark used by
Tandem for a period of five years. 

Through this investment we gained access to certain
of Tandem s technology and digital platform assets and knowledge transfer. These assets provide significant costs savings for system
developments such as data platforms and the core banking platform, driven by the ability to leverage Tandem s assets and test
and learn experience to accelerate development of the Fintech business. 

4 

Tandem s Potential Growth 

With the increasing use of online platforms in
the financial sector, our management believed that Tandem, with its technology know-how in the consumer finance industry, has significant
market potential to become a leading online retail bank for the mass market. The investment in Tandem is also part of our wider strategy
to launch digital services in Hong Kong and elsewhere, and Tandem is expected to be a key technology partner. 

2) CurrencyFair 

CurrencyFair is an online peer-to-peer currency
exchange marketplace. TAG Technologies first invested into CurrencyFair in 2018, through an investment of approximately 6,000,000
and the merger of the Group s then existing payments business with CurrencyFair. Since then, CurrencyFair has continued to grow
its consumer money transfer business focused on white-collar expat customers transferring money between selected European and Australian
corridors. CurrencyFair is now a global money transfer member organization that has exchanged more than 10 billion, with offices
located in Ireland, UK, Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia. We believe that CurrencyFair s scaling plan relies on expanding
its consumer-to-consumer (C2C) business to new US and Asia corridors, while acquiring small and medium enterprise (SME) customers
directly and through an enterprise sales model handling primarily Chinese merchant payments for cross-border e-commerce marketplaces.
Revenue growth depends on how successfully CurrencyFair scales transfer volumes in new C2C corridors and new SME businesses based on
proposition development and customer acquisition execution. 

We intend to work closely with CurrencyFair as
it builds out its Asian franchise, and intends to offer CurrencyFair s unique currency marketplace to our customers in Hong Kong
as well as introducing enhanced Asian currency services to CurrencyFair s international customers. We intend for CurrencyFair s
domain expertise, technology, and operational experience to be leveraged as part of a wider strategy to improve our services to assist
customers to manage their finances. 

In 2021, CurrencyFair merged with Australia-based Assembly
Payments Limited, whose platform automates complex payment workflows. Following the merger, the business re-branded to Zai ,
with CurrencyFair as Zai s consumer brand. 

On March 18, 2022, we entered into a sale
 and purchase agreement with the shareholder to acquire 4,158,963 shares of CurrencyFair for a cash consideration of
 US 7.84 million. The transaction closed in April 2022, resulting in the ownership of 8.37 equity interest in
 CurrencyFair. 

3) Goxip 

Goxip is a fashion media platform based in Hong Kong
with over one million high-end fashion shoppers. Its digital marketing arm matches key opinion leaders (KOLs) with marketers and
brands for lead generation, launching and monetizing marketing campaigns. We currently own a 3.63 equity interest in Goxip. 

4) HCMPS Healthcare Holdings Limited 

HCMPS Healthcare Holdings Limited HCMPS is a healthcare management organization based in Hong Kong. Founded in 1979, it has over 800 network service branches providing
healthcare schemes for more than 500 corporate clients with over 280,000 scheme members. HCMPS offers its patients a full range of medical
services, including general services, specialist services, physiotherapy, Chinese medicine, dental, vaccination, X-ray, laboratories,
and imaging services. we currently own a 4.00 equity interest in HCMPS. 

5) Nutmeg 

Fintech previously made an investment in Nutmeg,
a United Kingdom-based online investment management company. In June 2021, JPMorgan Chase purchased 100 of the share capital
of Nutmeg. Fintech was subject to a drag-along provision in the Articles of Association of Nutmeg, pursuant to which it was required
to sell its shareholding to JPMorgan Chase. The transaction was closed in September 2021. Accordingly, Fintech no longer holds an
investment in Nutmeg, with cash realized from the sale of the investment. 

5 

Competitive landscape 

Competition in the markets in which we operate
is intense. We compete for clients, customers, and personnel directly with other financial advisory firms, securities firms, and other
businesses that offer financial services, such as banks and insurance companies. 

Although our competitors may have greater brand
recognition, larger customer bases or greater financial, technological or marketing resources, our management believes that our competitive
advantages are its full suite of financial products covering insurance, investments and credit, coupled with a captive customer base
and well-established infrastructures, including operational capabilities and technology. As a result, our management believes that it
can respond more quickly and effectively to new or changing opportunities, technologies or customer requirements, and adapt to significant
changes in regulatory and industry environments. 

Currently, our principal methods to maintain
the competitive advantage of its businesses are by (i) relying on its highly knowledgeable and professional personnel and its large distribution
channel of independent financial advisors, (ii) leveraging extensive cross-selling opportunities across its business units, (iii) investing
in its platforms and infrastructure to keep up to date with the latest technology, and (iv) exploring and implementing solutions on the
cutting edge of financial technologies. Despite the high level of market competition and the rapidly changing industry dynamics, our
management believes that the significant accumulated experience of its executive management as well as its understanding of market preferences
and conditions will enable us to compete effectively. 

We believe that platform business models facilitate
global reach and economic efficiencies, and that leading global platform players build integrated capabilities outside their core business
activities and across industry borders, to cross-sell their products and services and satisfy customers multiple product needs. 

We have developed infrastructures in (1) product
intelligence, (2) transaction operations and (3) technology support, which initially supported the Group s independent financial
advisors business. Leveraging on the know-how and existing resources of the Group, OnePlatform deployed and further developed this infrastructure
at a low incremental cost to offer technology infrastructure solutions to a wider array of corporate customers in Hong Kong, thus
aiming to drive revenue, cash flow and profits. In addition to these three core infrastructures, OnePlatform provides training and people
development modules. OnePlatform also intends to offer regular market and regulatory updates to its clients and investors, such as targeted
client seminars and investor education sessions. 

OnePlatform primarily targets corporate clients
and charges them service fees based on the scope of infrastructure support provided. OnePlatform intends to pilot a few support modules
with business partners to build the business cases for future business expansion and marketing. The pricing model will be on pay-per-use
basis, such as platform as a service . 

Strategic Growth Plans of AGBA 

Overall Market Opportunities in the Greater
Bay Area 

The Greater Bay Area comprises the major urban
centers of Guangdong, Hong Kong, and Macau and is one of the world s largest financial services markets, with an overall economy
size of US 1.7 trillion. The GBA is an area of vast scale and wealth, with the following defining characteristics according to 2021
Hong Kong Trade Development Council research: 

Largest GDP in
 China, comprising 11 of China s total economy; 

US 1.67 trillion
 economy, compared with US 1.99 trillion for Tokyo and US 1.81 trillion for New York; 

Per capita GDP
 of US 22,300; and 

Population of
 86 million, compared with 44 million in Tokyo and 19 million in the New York
 Metropolitan Area. 

Hong Kong is a major financial services hub, and according to the June 2021 Hong Kong
 Stock Exchange monthly market highlights, it has: 

Over 1,300 mainland
 China listed enterprises, with a total market capitalization of more than US 5 trillion
 (80 of total market capitalization); 

A global hub for
 RMB trading and business transactions, with over US 1 trillion per day in RMB financial
 settlements; and 

Capital markets
 connectivity with RMB 52 billion in daily investment quotas. 

6 

According to the 2021 China Private Wealth Report
published by China Merchants Bank, China s individual investable assets reached RMB241 trillion (US 37 trillion) in 2020,
a compound annual growth of 13 from 2018 to 2020 and was expected to reach RMB268 trillion (US 42 trillion) by 2021. Meanwhile,
China s high-net-worth population is estimated to reach 3 million by year end , with the scale of investable assets
exceeding RMB90 trillion (US 37 trillion). 

A structural change to China s high-net-worth population
has geared towards the younger generation, whose investment objectives are shifting from wealth preservation to wealth creation and asset
diversification. According to the 2021 China Private Wealth Report, almost 50 of respondents considered Hong Kong as their offshore
asset destination or entrep t (a port destination where assets and goods are traded, imported, and exported). 

Cross-Border Wealth Management Connect 

On June 29, 2020, the People s Bank
of China, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) and the Monetary Authority of Macau jointly announced the introduction of the
cross-boundary wealth management connect pilot scheme (Wealth Management Connect scheme) in the GBA, which will allow residents
in the GBA to invest in wealth management products distributed by banks across the region. The scheme helps promote investment diversification
and facilitate capital flow within the GBA, promote RMB internationalization and strengthen Hong Kong s status as an offshore
RMB hub. 

According to the implementation rules of the
Wealth Management Connect scheme published by The People s Bank of China in September 2021, there will be an aggregate investment
quota of RMB150 billion in each of the northbound Connect and southbound Connect schemes, with an individual
investment quota up to RMB1 million. Recognized investment products under the Northbound Scheme include fixed income
(primarily bonds and deposits) and equity wealth management products, along with public securities investment funds with low or medium
risk rating. Complex investment products with high volatility or leverage are currently excluded. The scheme is expected to facilitate
a total fund flow of RMB300 billion (US 47 billion) in the sale of investment products. 

The Wealth Management Connect scheme officially
launched in September 2021, and banks may start offering cross-boundary wealth management connect services upon completion
of the relevant preparatory work, and subject to regulatory approval. 

Future expansion plan to China 

With the business opportunities brought by the
Wealth Management Connect scheme introduced by The People s Bank of China, and the upcoming Insurance Connect introduced by the
China Insurance Regulatory Commission, China will be one of our focus areas with an increasing addressable market and opportunity set. 

We intend to leverage the Group s two decades
of experience operating in China. We are particularly well-positioned to capture the emerging opportunities. Currently, we do not
have any Chinese operating companies and we do not plan to use variable interest entities, or VIEs, in the future to conduct
our operations. While we have no operations in China, it is and will continue to be part of our strategy to market and sell our products
and services to Chinese customers located in mainland China from its Hong Kong based operating subsidiaries through partnerships
or customer referrals. 

After a 6-month project with a consulting
firm to study our capability and competitive advantages, we identified four strategic enablers, including (1) partnership development;
(2) establishing a lead management platform; (3) establishing a service center for our customers; and (4) digital marketing.
Multiple collaboration models have been designed, with potential partners identified for implementation. We intend for these initiatives
to drive business growth through customer acquisition and cross-selling combined with increased use of data analytics. 

7 

Strategic Enablers to Capture GBA Opportunities 

China B2B Partnership for Customer Acquisition 

We intend to upsell selected customers simple
insurance products through our local insurance brokerage channel, by using free insurance protection products to attract customers, and
then conducting customer behavioral analysis and product matching. Based on the analysis of social media interaction and digital marketing,
we market our international and partnership offerings to customers who demonstrate interest and refer them to our network of financial
advisors in Hong Kong for cross-selling of other financial products and investment portfolio recommendations. We intend to periodically
review our referral mechanisms to ensure their continued effectiveness. 

We are currently in active discussions to establish
a strategic partnership with a top asset manager (the Potential Partner in China to provide offshore insurance solutions
to the Potential Partner s over 20 million nation-wide customers. The Potential Partner serves both individual affluent
and high-net-worth customers as well as institutions. Our management believes a strategic partnership with the Potential Partner
has the potential to increase our AUM and competitiveness by expanding the types of local and overseas investment vehicles available
to it and to further penetrate its existing customer database. 

Service Centre for Customer and Partner Servicing 

Leveraging our existing China local insurance
brokerage licenses, sales teams and infrastructure, we intend to build a business platform to acquire mainland China customers through
referrals and to establish new partnerships . 

We intend to transform our existing shared service
center to (i) provide post-sales services to mainland China customers who have purchased Hong Kong insurance products;
and (ii) institutionalize our capabilities to form B2B partnerships in mainland China. We intend to build a lead management tool
to recommend new and personalized insurance products to customers, which we intend to be a key priority for 2023 and beyond. 

Creating an Ecosystem Empowered by Fintech 

Hong Kong s Fintech Landscape 

In July 2018, the HKMA introduced the Open
API Framework to facilitate the development and wider adoption of application programming interfaces or APIs by the banking sector.
The Open API Framework functions include product information, customer acquisition, account information and transactions. The HKMA also
launched the Faster Payment System in September 2018 to facilitate real-time payments and fund transfers between banks and
stored value facility operators with the use of a recipient s mobile number or email address as an account proxy. We believe that,
with the on-going business integration with the GBA, Hong Kong is likely to see further liberalization in the financial services
sector in the coming years, especially in relation to the use of financial technologies. 

According to a survey conducted by McKinsey 
Company titled McKinsey Company M S COVID-19 China Consumer Pulse Survey 3/25-3/30/2020 , there
has been a rapid increase in customers online engagement and penetration, which is likely to remain even after the COVID-19 pandemic.
The pandemic (i) accelerated customer shift to online channels, (ii) enhanced business partnerships across online and offline
channels, and (iii) illustrated the importance of establishing an omni-channel strategy. We believe that more people
now look for digital ways to continue their normal lives, including through digital wealth management. 

The Synergy to be Realized Leveraging on
Existing Infrastructure and Partners 

To provide a seamless customer journey, increase
customers stickiness and deepen their share wallet, our future strategic focus intends to create an integrated digital ecosystem
by leveraging existing infrastructure, customers and partners. 

We intend to realize synergies across different
business units by: 

focusing on product
 portfolio enhancements, including endowment insurance and investment fund savings plans; 

leveraging the
 flexibility offered by different financing options, including insurance premium financing,
 point-of-sale consumer credit, personal credit facility or mortgage financing; and 

using our sales teams at our financial advisory business as a large distribution channel. 

8 

Our digital platform is one of its core customer
acquisition engines which we intend to further equip with functionalities including a cash management tool for customers, and a transaction
platform that encompasses insurance and investment products, retail consumption, medical appointments, content marketing and social sharing. 

By targeting customers needs at various
life stages, we intend to provide a one-stop service to customers while enhancing its cross-selling business opportunities. Further
collaboration will also be sought in the future with its local partners and overseas fintech investments. Fintech will continue to invest
in fintech developments to improve its capabilities and attract local and global business partners. 

Our Corporate Information 

We were originally incorporated on October 8,
2018 in the British Virgin Islands as a special purpose acquisition company under the former name of AGBA Acquisition Limited AAL ).
In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below), we changed our name from AGBA Acquisition Limited 
to AGBA Group Holding Limited . Our principal executive office is located at AGBA Tower, 68 Johnston Road, Wan Chai, Hong
Kong. 

Intellectual Property 

We own domain names and trademarks. We are currently
in the process of re-branding our business and as part of this exercise, AGBA is in the process of obtaining domain names and trademark
registrations for its new brands, such as TAG, OnePlatform, , AGBA Focus , AGBA Perform 
and AGBA Group, among others. To protect its existing and potential, future intellectual property, we have entered into
confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with employees, consultants, contractors and business partners; employees and contractors
are also subject to invention assignment provisions. As part of its contracting process with third parties, we use contract terms such
as limited licenses, restrictions on use, and confidentiality, as additional measures to protect its intellectual property. 

Facilities 

Our headquarters in Hong Kong is located at AGBA
Tower, 68 Johnston Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, which is situated in one of Hong Kong s prime central business districts. The lease
agreement for the building, between Viewbest Investments Limited (Viewbest), as landlord, and Legacy Group, was executed on June 14,
2019. 

The term of the AGBA Tower lease is six years,
with a tentative expiry date of February 28, 2026. 

While we are not the party to the AGBA Tower
lease agreement, we are currently occupying space in the building. 

We also owned two office premises located at
Kaiseng Commercial Centre, No 4 6, Hankow Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong and One Island South, No. 2 Heung Yip Road, Hong Kong for rental
purpose. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 152 full-time
and full-time equivalent employees. None of the employees are represented by a labor union, and we consider our employee relations to
be good. 

Website Access to Company s Reports
and Disclosure Information 

Our internet website address is https://www.agba.com,
to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed, will be available to you free
of charge through the Investors section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials have been electronically
filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
We include our web site address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K only as an inactive textual reference. Information contained in our
website does not constitute a part of this report or our other filings with the SEC. 

9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risk Factors Relating to AGBA s Hong Kong
Operations and Proximity to the PRC 

The business, financial condition, results
of operations, and prospects of AGBA may be materially and adversely affected if certain laws and regulations of the PRC become applicable
to AGBA or its subsidiaries. AGBA may be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with the evolving laws and regulations in
the PRC, their interpretation and implementation, and the legal and regulatory system in the PRC more generally, including with respect
to the enforcement of laws and the possibility of changes of rules and regulations with little or no advance notice. 

We currently do not have operations in mainland
China. Although we do service Chinese clients, all sales of financial products offered by us occur in Hong Kong. We do not sell
any financial products in mainland China, and all of our customer data is maintained outside of mainland China. Accordingly, none of
us are regulated by any regulatory authorities in mainland China. Pursuant to the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region (the Basic Law ), which is a national law of the PRC and the constitutional document for Hong Kong, national
laws of the PRC shall not be applied in Hong Kong except for those listed in Annex III of the Basic Law and applied locally
by promulgation or local legislation. The Basic Law expressly provides that the national laws of the PRC which may be listed in Annex III
of the Basic Law shall be confined to those relating to defense and foreign affairs as well as other matters outside the autonomy of
Hong Kong. While the National People s Congress of the PRC has the power to amend the Basic Law, the Basic Law also expressly
provides that no amendment to the Basic Law shall contravene the established basic policies of the PRC regarding Hong Kong. As a result,
national laws of the PRC not listed in Annex III of the Basic Law do not apply to Hong Kong-based businesses. 

However, the laws and regulations in the PRC
are evolving, and their enactment timetable, interpretation, and implementation involve significant uncertainties. To the extent that
any PRC laws and regulations become applicable to us, we may be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with the evolving laws
and regulations of the PRC, their interpretation and implementation, and the legal and regulatory system in the PRC more generally, including
with respect to the enforcement of laws and the possibility of changes of rules and regulations with little or no advance notice. If
certain PRC laws and regulations, including existing laws and regulations and those enacted or promulgated in the future, were to become
applicable to companies such as AGBA or its subsidiaries in the future, the application of such laws and regulations may have a material
adverse impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects of AGBA and its ability to offer securities
to investors, any of which may, in turn, cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

Relevant organs of the PRC government have made
recent statements or recently taken regulatory actions related to data security, anti-monopoly, and overseas listings of mainland China
businesses. For example, in addition to the PRC Data Security Law and the Measures for Cybersecurity Review issued by the Cyberspace
Administration of China which became effective on February 15, 2022 (the Measures ), relevant PRC government agencies
have recently taken anti-trust enforcement action against certain mainland China-based businesses. Our management understands
that such enforcement action was taken pursuant to the PRC Anti-Monopoly Law which applies to monopolistic activities in domestic
economic activities in mainland China and monopolistic activities outside mainland China which eliminate or restrict market competition
in mainland China. In addition, in July 2021, the PRC government provided new guidance on PRC-based companies raising capital
outside of the PRC, including through arrangements called variable interest entities VIEs ). In light of such developments,
the SEC has imposed enhanced disclosure requirements on China-based companies seeking to register securities with the SEC. 

While we currently do not have any operations
in mainland China, there is no guarantee that the recent statements or regulatory actions by the relevant organs of the PRC government,
including statements relating to the PRC Data Security Law, the PRC Personal Information Protection Law, and VIEs as well as the anti-monopoly enforcement
actions will continue not to apply to AGBA. Should such statements or regulatory actions apply to companies such as AGBA or its
subsidiaries in the future, it could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects of AGBA, our ability to accept foreign investments, and our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors on
a U.S. or other international securities exchange, any of which may, in turn, cause the value of our securities to significantly
decline or become worthless. We cannot predict the extent of such impact if such events were to occur. 

AGBA may also become subject to the laws and
regulations of the PRC to the extent that we commence business and customer facing operations in mainland China as a result of any future
partnership, acquisition, expansion, or organic growth. 

10 

The PRC government exerts substantial influence,
discretion, oversight, and control over the manner in which companies incorporated under the laws of PRC must conduct their business
activities. AGBA is a Hong Kong-based company with no operations in mainland China; however, there can be no guarantee that
the PRC government will not seek to intervene or influence our operations at any time. 

Because (i) we currently do not have operations
in mainland China, (ii) all sales of financial products offered by us, including those to PRC citizens, occur in Hong Kong,
and (iii) we do not sell any financial products in mainland China, the PRC government currently does not directly govern the manner
in which we conduct its business activities outside of mainland China. However, the PRC legal system is evolving quickly, and PRC laws,
regulations, and rules may change quickly with little advance notice, including with respect to Hong Kong-based businesses. As a
result, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to direct influence or discretion over its business from organs of the
PRC government in the future, due to changes in laws or other unforeseeable reasons or due to our expansion or acquisition of operations
in or involving mainland China. 

The PRC government has exercised and continues
to exercise substantial control over many sectors of the PRC economy, including through regulation and/or state ownership. PRC government
actions have had, and may continue to have, a significant effect on economic conditions in the PRC and the businesses which are subject
to them. If we became subject to the direct intervention or influence of the PRC government at any time due to changes in laws or other
unforeseeable reasons or as a result of our development, expansion, or acquisition of operations in the PRC, we may be required to make
material changes in its operations, which may result in increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and
regulations or penalties for any failure to comply, or both. We cannot be assured that the PRC government will not, in the future, release
regulations or policies regarding other industries, which, if applicable to us, may adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

In addition, the various segments of AGBA are
regulated by a number of Hong Kong regulators, including, the Hong Kong Insurance Authority and the Mandatory Provident Fund
Schemes Authority. PRC government influence or oversight over such Hong Kong regulators may have an indirect but material impact
to us, including but not limited to with respect to capital requirements, its ability to operate certain businesses, its operations in
certain jurisdictions (including the markets in which we may operate in the future) and/or the implementation of certain controls and
procedures in relation to risk management or cybersecurity. Furthermore, the market prices and/or liquidity of the securities of we could
be adversely affected as a result of anticipated negative impacts of any such government actions, as well as negative investor sentiment
towards Hong Kong-based companies subject to direct PRC government oversight and regulation, regardless of actual operating performance.
There can be no assurance or guarantee that the PRC government would not intervene in or influence our operations, directly or indirectly,
at any time. 

The securities of AGBA may be delisted
or prohibited from being traded over-the-counter under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (as amended by the
Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act) if the PCAOB were unable to fully inspect the company s auditor. 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act,
or the HFCA Act, was enacted into U.S. law on December 18, 2020. The HFCA Act states that if the SEC determines that a company
has filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board of the United States (the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall
prohibit its securities from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. On
December 16, 2021, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board of the United States (the PCAOB issued a Determination
Report which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in:
(i) China, and (ii) Hong Kong. Our management believes that this determination does not impact us, as the auditor of AGBA,
WWC, P.C., (i) is headquartered in California, U.S.A., (ii) is an independent registered public accounting firm with the PCAOB,
and (iii) has been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that future changes in laws
or regulations will not impact AGBA, WWC, P.C., or any future auditor of AGBA. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that WWC,
P.C. will be able to meet the requirements of the HFCA Act and that we will not suffer the resulting material and adverse impact on its
stock performance, as a company listed in the United States. 

11 

On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted final amendments
implementing congressionally mandated submission and disclosure requirements of the HFCA Act. On December 23, 2022, the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (AHFCA Act) was enacted, which amended the HFCA Act by requiring the SEC to prohibit an issuer s
securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead
of three. As a result, the time period before the Company s securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted for the above
reasons has been reduced accordingly. 

Lack of access to PCAOB inspections prevents
the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong.
As a result, investors in companies using such auditors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. On August 26, 2022,
the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, and PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol, or
the Protocol, governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong. Pursuant to the Protocol, the
PCAOB has independent discretion to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer
information to the SEC. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate
PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong in 2022, and the PCAOB Board vacated its previous
determinations that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland
China and Hong Kong. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public
accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our,
and our auditor s, control. The PCAOB is continuing to demand complete access in mainland China and Hong Kong moving forward and
is already making plans to resume regular inspections in early 2023 and beyond, as well as to continue pursuing ongoing investigations
and initiate new investigations as needed. The PCAOB has indicated that it will act immediately to consider the need to issue new determinations
with the HFCA Act if needed. 

WWC, P.C. is headquartered in California and has
been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis. We believe, therefore, that WWC, P.C. is not subject to the determinations announced by
the PCAOB on December 16, 2021 with respect to PRC and Hong Kong-based auditors. WWC, P.C. is not included in the list
of determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 21, 2021 in their HFCA Act Determination Report under PCAOB Rule 6100. If
notwithstanding this new framework, the PCAOB was unable to fully inspect WWC, P.C. (or any other auditor of the Company) in the future,
or if PRC or American authorities further regulate auditing work of Chinese or Hong Kong companies listed on the U.S. stock
exchanges in a manner that would restrict WWC, P.C. (or any future auditor of the Company) from performing work in Hong Kong, we
may be required to change its auditor. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the SEC, Nasdaq, or other regulatory authorities would
not apply additional and more stringent criteria to AGBA in connection with audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy
of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements.
The failure to comply with the requirement in the HFCA Act, as amended by the AHFCA Act, that the PCAOB be permitted to inspect the issuer s
public accounting firm within two years, would subject us to consequences including the delisting of AGBA in the future if the PCAOB
is unable to inspect AGBA s accounting firm (whether WWC, P.C. or another firm) at such future time. 

Our former auditor, Friedman LLP Friedman ),
the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included elsewhere in this annual report is subject to
laws in the U.S., pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess their compliance with the applicable professional
standards. Effective September 1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum LLP Marcum and continued to operate as an independent
registered public accounting firm. Friedman and Marcum are both headquartered in Manhattan, New York, and have been inspected by the
PCAOB on a regular basis, with the last inspections in 2020, and neither Friedman nor Marcum is subject to the determinations announced
by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. 

12 

Although not currently subject, AGBA may
become subject to the PRC laws and regulations regarding offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers,
and any failure to comply with applicable laws and obligations could have a material and adverse effect on the business, financial condition,
results of operations, and AGBA s prospects of AGBA and may hinder AGBA s ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

In recent years, the PRC government has initiated
a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in certain areas in China with little advance notice, including
cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using
a VIE structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement.
On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress enacted the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect
on September 1, 2021. The law requires data collection to be conducted in a legitimate and proper manner, and stipulates that, for
the purpose of data protection, data processing activities must be conducted based on data classification and hierarchical protection
system for data security. 

On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the
Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued a document to crack down on illegal
activities in the securities markets and promote the high-quality development of the capital markets, which, among other things,
requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement and judicial cooperation,
to enhance supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application
of the PRC securities laws. 

On August 20, 2021, the 30 meeting of the
Standing Committee of the 13 National People s Congress voted and passed the Personal Information Protection Law of the
People s Republic of China , or PRC Personal Information Protection Law , which became effective on November 1,
2021. The PRC Personal Information Protection Law applies to the processing of personal information of natural persons within the territory
of China that is carried out outside of China where (1) such processing is for the purpose of providing products or services for
natural persons within China, (2) such processing is to analyze or evaluate the behavior of natural persons within China, or (3) there
are any other circumstances stipulated by related laws and administrative regulations. 

On December 24, 2021, the China Securities
Regulatory Commission CSRC ), together with other relevant government authorities in China issued the Provisions of the
State Council on the Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments), and the Measures
for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) Draft Overseas Listing
Regulations ). The Draft Overseas Listing Regulations requires that a PRC domestic enterprise seeking to issue and list its shares
overseas Overseas Issuance and Listing shall complete the filing procedures of and submit the relevant information to
CSRC. The Overseas Issuance and Listing includes direct and indirect issuance and listing. Where an enterprise whose principal business
activities are conducted in PRC seeks to issue and list its shares in the name of an overseas enterprise Overseas Issuer on the basis of the equity, assets, income or other similar rights and interests of the relevant PRC domestic enterprise, such activities
shall be deemed an indirect overseas issuance and listing Indirect Overseas Issuance and Listing under the Draft Overseas
Listing Regulations. 

On December 28, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration
of China CAC jointly with the relevant authorities formally published Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021) which
took effect on February 15, 2022 and replaced the former Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2020) issued on July 10, 2021.
Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021) stipulates that operators of critical information infrastructure purchasing network products
and services, and online platform operators (together with the operators of critical information infrastructure, the CII Operators carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review, and that any
online platform operator who controls more than one million users personal information must go through a cybersecurity review
by the cybersecurity review office if it seeks to be listed in a foreign country. 

13 

We may collect and store certain data (including
certain personal information) from their clients, who may be PRC individuals, in connection with their business and operations and for
 Know Your Customers purposes (to combat money laundering). Given that (1) AGBA and its subsidiaries are incorporated
either in Hong Kong or the British Virgin Islands and are located in and conduct their operations in Hong Kong, (2) we
have no subsidiaries, VIE structure, nor any operations in mainland China, and (3) pursuant to the Basic Law, the national laws
of the PRC shall not be applied in Hong Kong except for those listed in Annex III of the Basic Law (which is confined to laws
relating to defense and foreign affairs, as well as other matters outside the autonomy of Hong Kong), our management does not currently
expect the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021), the PRC Personal Information Protection Law, or the Draft Overseas Listing Regulations
to impact our operations. As of date of this annual report, we have conducted all sales activities in Hong Kong and in the aggregate
have collected and stored personal information of less than one million users in the PRC, all of the data collected is stored in servers
located in Hong Kong, and none of us or our subsidiaries have been informed by any PRC governmental authority of any requirement
that it file for a cybersecurity review or a CSRC review. Accordingly, our management does not currently expect that the laws and regulations
in the PRC on data security, data protection or cybersecurity apply to us or that the oversight of the CAC will be extended to our operations
in Hong Kong, because (i) AGBA is not a CII Operator or a Network Platform Operator as defined
under the relevant PRC cyberspace laws; (ii) AGBA does not harm PRC national security, public interests, or the legitimate rights
and interests of citizens or organizations of the PRC; (iii) AGBA is not subject to PRC government cyberspace scrutiny; and (iv) AGBA
is compliant with PRC cyberspace laws that have been issued up to the date of this annual report. 

However, since these statements and regulatory
actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon the legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will act, what existing or
new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and whether any of these
will apply to us, if at all. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply in all respects with any PRC regulatory requirements
that may become applicable to it in the future. For example, our current practice of collecting and processing personal information may
be ordered to be rectified or terminated by regulatory authorities. In the event of a failure to comply with any applicable regulations,
we may become subject to the consequences of such non-compliance, including fines and other penalties, which, in turn, may have a material
adverse effect on the business, operations, financial condition, and prospects of AGBA and may hinder the ability of AGBA to offer or
continue to offer securities to investors. Such an impact could, in turn, cause the value of such securities to significantly decline
or be worthless. 

Governments in the jurisdictions AGBA operates
or intends to operate may restrict or control to varying degrees the ability of foreign investors to invest in businesses located or
operating in such jurisdictions. 

Because we are incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands, shareholders may be deemed to be foreign investors in Hong Kong and therefore be subject to restrictions or controls in
Hong Kong on the ability of foreign investors to invest in business located or operating in Hong Kong. As a result, there may
be a risk of loss to our investors due to, among other things, expropriation, nationalization or confiscation of assets, or the imposition
of restrictions on repatriation of capital invested, in each case by the governmental or regulatory agencies empowered in Hong Kong.
While, in some cases, the British Virgin Islands has entered into international investment treaties or agreements designed to encourage
and protect investment by BVI persons in foreign jurisdictions, there can be no guarantee that such treaties or agreements will cover
Hong Kong or that such treaties or agreements will be fully implemented or effective. In other cases, we may not be able to take
advantage of certain treaties because it or they are British Virgin Islands companies and are therefore exposed to additional risk of
such loss. 

AGBA is subject to many of the economic
and political risks associated with emerging markets, particularly China, due to its operations in Hong Kong. Adverse changes in
Hong Kong s or China s economic, political, and social conditions as well as government policies could adversely affect
AGBA s business and prospects. 

We currently conduct its business in Hong Kong
and is considering options for expansion of its business in mainland China. Accordingly, we are subject to risks and uncertainties including
fluctuations in mainland China s GDP, unfavorable or unpredictable treatment in relation to tax matters, expropriation of private
assets, exchange controls, restrictions affecting its ability to make cross-border transfers of funds, regulatory proceedings, inflation,
currency fluctuations, or the absence of, or unexpected changes in, regulations and unforeseeable operational risks. In addition, our
business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations may be significantly influenced by political, economic, and social
conditions in Hong Kong and China generally and by continued economic growth in China. 

14 

The Chinese economy differs from the economies
of most developed jurisdictions (such as Hong Kong) in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level of development,
growth rate, control of foreign exchange, and allocation of resources. Although the PRC government has implemented measures that focus
on accounting for market forces to effect economic reform and are aimed at reducing the state ownership of productive assets and establishing
improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of China s productive assets are still owned by the
government. In addition, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating development through industrial policies.
The PRC government also exercises significant control over China s economic growth through its allocation of resources, control
of payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, monetary policy, and preferential treatment for particular industries or
companies. Many of the economic reforms carried out by the PRC government are unprecedented or experimental and are expected to be refined
and improved over time. This refining and adjustment process may not necessarily have a positive effect on the operations and business
development of AGBA. Other political, economic, and social factors may also lead to further adjustments of the reform measures.
For example, the PRC government has in the past implemented a number of measures intended to curtail certain segments of the economy,
including the real estate industry, which the government believed to be overheating. These actions, as well as other actions and policies
of the PRC government, could cause a decrease in the overall level of economic activity in the PRC and, in turn, have an adverse impact
on our business and financial condition. 

While the Chinese economy has experienced significant
growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The PRC government
has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures, which may
benefit the overall Chinese economy, may have a negative effect to us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. In addition, the PRC government
has from time to time implemented certain measures, including interest rate changes, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures
may cause decreased economic activity in China, as evidenced by the slowing of growth of the Chinese economy since 2012. In addition,
COVID-19 has had a severe and negative impact on the Chinese economy since the first quarter of 2020. Whether this will lead to
a prolonged downturn in the Chinese economy is still unknown. In addition, any future escalation of the ongoing trade war between the
United States and China, regional or national instability, the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the armed conflict
between Russia and Ukraine may negatively impact the growth of the Chinese economy. Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy or
adverse changes in the policies of the Chinese government or in the laws and regulations in China could have a material adverse effect
on the overall economic growth of China and may reduce the demand for our services and solutions among potential Chinese customers and
materially and adversely affect its business and results of operations. 

National laws of the PRC do not apply in Hong Kong
unless they are listed in Annex III of the Basic Law and applied locally by promulgation or local legislation. National laws that
may be listed in Annex III are currently limited under the Basic Law to those which fall within the scope of defense and foreign
affairs as well as other matters outside the limits of the autonomy of Hong Kong. National laws and regulations relating to data
protection, cybersecurity and the anti-monopoly have not been listed in Annex III and so do not apply directly to Hong Kong.
The laws and regulations in the PRC are evolving, and their enactment timetable, interpretation and implementation involve significant
uncertainties. To the extent any PRC laws and regulations become applicable to us, it may be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated
with the legal system in the PRC, including with respect to the enforcement of laws and the possibility of changes of rules and regulations
with little or no advance notice. We may also become subject to the laws and regulations of the PRC to the extent it commences business
and customer facing operations in mainland China as a result of any future acquisition, expansion, or organic growth. 

AGBA s potential expansion of activities
in China is subject to various risks. 

We, as of the date of this annual report, primarily
operate in Hong Kong. We have been pursuing and will continue to pursue its growth strategy in China, particularly in the Greater
Bay Area, comprising Macau, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and the surrounding area. Currently, we do not have any Chinese operating entities and
does not plan to use variable interest entities, or VIEs, in the future to conduct its operations. Our management intends
for such expansion to be conducted through customer referrals and partnerships, with its actual sales activities conducted in Hong Kong.
For instance, we are currently in active discussions to establish a strategic partnership with the Potential Partner in China to provide
offshore insurance solutions to its over 20 million customers. Accordingly, our management expects the main source of revenue from
such expansion in China to be generated from referral income. 

15 

Any expansion of our China-related activities
may expose it to additional risks, including: 

Changing global
 environment, including changes in U.S., Chinese, and international trade policies; 

Challenges associated
 with relying on local partners in markets that are not as familiar to AGBA, including joint
 venture partners to help AGBA establish its business; 

Difficulties managing
 operations in new regions, including complying with the various regulatory and legal requirements; 

Different governmental
 approval or licensing requirements; 

Challenges in
 recruiting sufficient suitable personnel in new markets; 

Challenges in
 providing services and solutions as well as support in these new markets; 

Challenges in
 attracting business partners and customers; 

Potential adverse
 tax consequences; 

Foreign exchange
 losses; 

Limited protection
 for intellectual property rights; 

Inability to effectively
 enforce contractual or legal rights; 

International
 travel restrictions and temporary lock-downs due to COVID-19; and 

Local political,
 regulatory, and economic instability or wars, civil unrest, and terrorist incidents. 

Moreover, changes in China s economic,
political, or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our growth plans. If we are unable
to effectively avoid or mitigate these risks, its ability to grow its China-related business will be affected, which could have
a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

As we further expand into the international market,
it is increasingly subject to additional legal and regulatory compliance requirements, including local licensing and periodic reporting
obligations. We may inadvertently fail to comply with local laws and regulations, and any such violation could subject to regulatory
penalties, such as revocation of licenses, which would in turn harm its brand, reputation, business operation and financial results.
Although we have policies and procedures in place to enhance compliance with local laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that
its employees, contractors, or agents will stay compliant with these policies and procedures. 

AGBA s financial services revenues
are highly dependent on macroeconomic conditions as well as market conditions in Hong Kong, China, and globally. Disruptions
in the global financial markets and economic conditions could adversely affect the AGBA and its institutional clients and customers. 

Given the significant proportion of its business
operations concentrated in Hong Kong, our success depends largely on the health of the Hong Kong financial industry, which
is affected by changes in general economic conditions beyond the our control. Economic factors such as increased interest rates, slow
economic growth or recessionary conditions, changes in household debt levels, and increased unemployment or stagnant or declining wages
affect the our customers income and thus their ability and willingness to take loans from us, invest with us, or engage with our
other financial products. Domestic and global events affect all such macroeconomic conditions. Weak or a significant deterioration in
economic conditions reduce the amount of disposable income both individual and institutional consumers have, which in turn reduces consumer
spending and their willingness to engage with the our financial services. Any or all of the circumstances described above may lead to
further volatility in or disruption of the credit and other financial markets at any time and could adversely affect our financial condition. 

Changes in the condition of Hong Kong s
and China s economies generally affect the demand and supply of financial products, which in turn will affect demand for the solutions
that we provide. For example, a credit crisis, or prolonged downturn in the credit markets could severely affect our operating environment
by, for example, causing a tightening in credit guidelines, limited liquidity, deterioration in credit performance, or increased foreclosures.
Since a significant portion of our revenue is generated from transaction-based fees and commissions, a decrease in transaction volumes
could cause a material decline in our revenues for the duration of such crisis. 

Global economies could suffer dramatic downturns
as the result of a deterioration in the credit markets and related financial crisis as well as a variety of other factors including,
extreme volatility in security prices, diminished liquidity and credit availability, and ratings downgrades or declining valuations of
certain investments. In past economic downturns, governments have taken unprecedented actions to address and rectify these extreme market
and economic conditions, including by providing liquidity and stability to the financial markets. If these actions are not successful,
the return of adverse economic conditions may significantly affect the businesses of our customers, which could in turn negatively affect
our revenues. 

16 

In addition, there is considerable uncertainty
over the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted by central banks and financial authorities in
some of the world s leading economies, including the European Union, the United States, and China. There have been concerns
over unrest and terrorist threats in the Middle East, Europe, and Africa. There have also been concerns on the relationship among China
and other Asian countries, which may result in or intensify potential conflicts in relation to territorial disputes, and escalations
in the trade tensions between the United States and China. Starting from 2018, changes in U.S. trade policies have occurred,
including the imposition of tariffs. These types of developments, including a potential trade war, could have a material adverse impact
on the Chinese economy and in turn on the Hong Kong economy. On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom ceased to be a member
of the European Union (commonly referred to as Brexit ). The effects of Brexit on worldwide economic and market conditions
remain uncertain. Brexit could adversely affect European and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability
in global financial and foreign exchange markets. Furthermore, protests in Hong Kong in 2019, political instability in the
Korean Peninsula, a slump in commodity prices, uncertainty over interest rates in the United States, the outbreak and spread of
the COVID-19 pandemic, and the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine have also resulted in instability and volatility in the
global financial markets. Recently, the global stock markets have experienced extreme volatility, in reaction to the outbreak of the
conflict between Russia and Ukraine and governments responses thereto. It is unclear whether these challenges and uncertainties
will be contained or resolved, and what effects they may have on the global political and economic conditions in the long term. 

Failure to comply with existing or future
laws and regulations related to data protection or data security could lead to liabilities, administrative penalties, or other regulatory
actions, which could negatively affect the AGBA s operating results, business, and prospects. 

The regulatory framework for the collection,
use, safeguarding, sharing, transfer and other processing of personal data worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain
for the foreseeable future. Regulatory authorities in virtually every jurisdiction in which we have implemented or are considering a
number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning personal data protection. Our management has been monitoring the evolution
of this area of law and intends to take steps to ensure compliance with laws applicable to our current operations in Hong Kong and
potential future operations in China. 

While our management believes that we are not
currently subject to PRC laws relating to the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of confidential and private
information, such as personal information and other data, We may be subject to such laws in the future. These laws continue to develop,
and the PRC government may adopt other rules and restrictions in the future. Non-compliance could result in penalties or other significant
legal liabilities. 

Risk Factors Relating to AGBA s Business 

The ability of AGBA to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. 

Our consolidated financial statements
accompanying this annual report were prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of
operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, we reported approximately US 44.5 million net loss and 19.3 million net cash outflows from operating
activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had the accumulated losses of approximately US 39.4 million and cash and cash
equivalents of 6.4 million. 

Our management intends to continue to monitor
our capital structure and evaluate various funding alternatives that may be needed to finance its growth strategy, business development,
and operating expenses, including fundraising through equity or debt capital markets. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that we
will be successful in such fundraising or that if it can secure such funds that they will be sufficient to meet the financing needs of
AGBA and to allow us to continue as a going concern. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Liquidity and Going Concern . 

17 

The success and growth of AGBA will depend,
in part, upon its ability to be a leader in technological innovation in its industries. 

We operate in industries experiencing rapid technological
change and frequent product introductions. To succeed, we must lead its peers in designing, innovating, and introducing new technology
and product offerings. The process of developing new technologies and products is complex, and if we are unable to successfully innovate
and continue to deliver a superior client experience, the demand for its products and services may decrease, it may lose market share
and its growth and operations may be hampered. 

For example, part of our Platform Business relies
on its continued ability to process loan applications over the internet, accept electronic signatures, provide instant process status
updates, and provide other client- and loan applicant-expected conveniences. Our proprietary platform technology is integrated into
all steps of its business processes. Our dedication to incorporating technological advancements into its service platforms requires significant
financial and personnel resources. Maintaining and improving this technology will require us to expend significant capital expenditures
on its proprietary technology platforms. 

To the extent that we are dependent on any particular
technology or technological solution, it may be harmed if such technology or technological solution becomes non-compliant with existing
industry standards, fails to meet or exceed the capabilities of its competitors equivalent technologies or technological solutions,
becomes increasingly expensive to service, retain, and update, becomes subject to third-party claims of intellectual property infringement,
misappropriation, or other violation, or malfunctions or functions in a way not anticipated. Additionally, new technologies and technological
solutions are continually being released. As such, it is difficult to predict the problems that we may encounter in improving its websites 
and other technologies functionality. 

The technologies that AGBA uses may contain
undetected errors, which could result in customer dissatisfaction, damage to the AGBA s reputation, or loss of customers. 

Some of the solutions that we offer are built
on large stacks of data, requiring sophisticated and innovative technologies to address our operating needs, predict operating patterns,
and help make decisions in terms of business strategies and implementation plans. We aim to make its operations and solutions more streamlined,
automated, and cost-effective by using advanced technologies which are currently under development. We may encounter technical obstacles,
and it may discover problems that prevent such technologies from operating properly, or at all, which could adversely affect our information
infrastructure and other aspects of its business where such technologies are applied. If our solutions do not function reliably or fail
to achieve its customers expectations for performance, we may lose existing customers or fail to attract new ones, which may damage
its reputation and adversely affect its business, financial condition, and results of operations. Material performance problems, defects,
or errors in our existing or new software, applications, and solutions may arise and may result from the interface between solutions
and systems and data that it did not develop, the function of which is beyond its control, or defects and errors that were undetected
in internal testing. These types of defects and errors, and any failure by us to identify and address them, could result in a loss of
revenue or market share, diversion of development resources, harm to our reputation and increased service and maintenance costs. Defects
or errors may discourage existing or potential customers from utilizing our solutions. Correcting these types of defects or errors could
prove to be impossible or impracticable. The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors may be substantial and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We rely on our business relationships with
product issuers and the success of those product issuers, and the future development depends, in part, on the growth of such product
issuers and their continued collaboration. 

The Platform Business relies, in part, on financial
products provided by certain banks, insurance companies, or other companies that offer financial products (product issuers). Our management
team believes that establishment of business relationships with major product issuers such as MassMutual Asia Limited, Prudential Hong Kong
Limited, and Zurich International Life Limited, which facilitates our ability to provide a wide variety of products to satisfy customers 
needs and enables it to negotiate favorable terms with such product issuers, to the benefit of its customers, contributes to its current
success. The long-term business relationships that the Platform Business has established with major product issuers are formed on
the basis of the terms of business, broker contracts, and/or conditions issued by the product issuer(s) setting out the terms and
conditions upon which product issuer(s) are prepared to accept business referred or introduced to them. However, there is no assurance
that the Platform Business will succeed in maintaining existing and/or establishing new, strategic relationships with product issuers.
If the Platform Business cannot maintain and/or establish such relationships, it and its subsidiaries access to similar financial
products may be restricted, and their business, operations, and financial position may, in turn, be adversely affected. 

18 

The Platform Business s future development
depends, in part, on the growth of such product issuers, on their continued development of new financial products, and on their continued
collaboration. Failure by such product issues to continue to sell new financial products may, in turn, limit our ability to offer such
products to their customers. There can be no assurance that if any product issuer discontinued its business or ceased to collaborate
with us could find replacement products on comparable terms, or at all. If the Platform Business cannot maintain its current pipeline
of products from product issuers, it and its subsidiaries access to similar financial products may be restricted, and their business,
operations, and financial position may, in turn, be adversely affected. 

The property agency segment of the Platform
Business has historically operated on thin margins, which expose it to risk of non-profitability and recent trends have caused the segment
to be loss-making. 

The
property agency segment of the Platform Business, run by OnePlatform International Property Limited OIP ), has historically
operated with thin profit margins. In accordance with its contracts with property developers and agreements with its own staff, commission
income from OIP s operations is dispersed broadly
among both the consultancy force and salespersons, often equaling up to 50 of the commission. This significant split of commission income
has historically resulted in marginal profit for OIP. 

In recent years, the segment has been loss-making
and was supported by intercompany loans. While our management intends to generate sufficient cash flows from the segment to repay such
intercompany loans and create positive profit margins, there can be no assurance that the property agency segment of the Platform Business
will be able to generate such cash flows now or in the future. Without a change in the commission sharing mechanism or optimization of
the segment s operating costs, the property agency segment s ability to achieve additional profits may be limited. There
can be no assurance that OIP will be able to achieve changes in commission sharing or optimization of operating costs to sufficient levels,
or at all. In addition, given the competitive environment in which OIP operates, there also can be no guarantee that such changes would
not create a loss of engagement with property developers and salespersons. Such disruptions to the property agency segment of the Platform
Business could have negative effects on its business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

AGBA relies on third parties for various
aspects of its business and the services and solutions that it offers. AGBA s business, results of operations, financial condition,
and reputation may be materially and adversely affected if these third parties do not continue to maintain or expand their relationship
with AGBA, or if they fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their relevant contracts. 

We rely on third parties for various aspects
of its business and the solutions they offer. For example, we rely on computer hardware, software, and cloud services, internet and telecommunication
services, and third-party supplied data. We expect to continue to rely on these third parties to supplement its capabilities for
a significant period, if not indefinitely. Therefore, we need all of these parties to function in a flawless and timely manner in order
to conduct its business. However, there can be no assurance that these third parties will provide their support properly or in a cost-effective manner
or that the third party-supplied data we rely on will be complete, accurate, or reliable. In the event of problems with any of these
third-party providers, transitioning to new providers may disrupt our business and increase costs. 

If any of the third-party service providers
fail to perform properly, there can be no assurance that we would be able to find suitable replacement suppliers on commercially reasonable
terms on a timely basis, or at all. The third-party service providers may carry out their business in an inappropriate manner or
in violation of regulations or laws. Any of such occurrences could diminish our ability to operate or damage its business reputation,
or cause it regulatory or financial harm, any of which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Failure to maintain and enlarge the customer
base of AGBA or to strengthen customer engagement may adversely affect its business and results of operations. 

Our revenue growth depends, in part, on its ability
to maintain and enlarge its customer base and strengthen customer engagement so that more of its customers will use our solutions more
often and contribute to our revenue growth. Although we maintain business relationships with its existing customers and has successfully
developed different marketing channels to generate business from referrals, recurring business, and direct marketing, less than 15 of
the total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was generated by recurring business from existing customers purchasing new
products through the Platform Business. This diffusion of our customer base requires us to constantly maintain and refresh its broad customer
base. Our customers are, however, geographically concentrated, as substantially all of its major customers are located in Hong Kong.
Fluctuations in the macro-economic environment in Hong Kong may have adverse effects on our major clients. 

19 

There can be no assurance that our customers
will continue to use its services and solutions once their existing contract or relationship expires or that they will purchase additional
solutions from us. This risk is especially apparent in circumstances where it is inexpensive for them to switch service providers.
Our ability to maintain and enlarge its customer base and strengthen customer engagement will depend on many factors, some of which are
out of our control, including: 

its ability to
 continually innovate technologies to keep pace with rapid technological changes; 

its ability to
 continually innovate solutions in response to evolving customer demands and expectations
 and intense market competition; 

its ability to
 customize solutions for customers; 

customer satisfaction
 with our solutions, including any new solutions that AGBA may develop, and the competitiveness
 of pricing and payment terms; 

the effectiveness
 of our solutions in helping customers improve efficiency, enhance service quality, and reduce
 costs; 

customers 
 acceptance of our pricing models; 

Our ability to
 transition customers from hook products, which AGBA provides at low or even
 no charge, to products that provide more revenue and better margins; and 

the success and
 growth of our customers, which could be affected by general-economic and market conditions,
 regulatory developments and other factors. 

As many of our customers are engaged using a
transaction-based model, a reduction of transactions by its customers would adversely affect our business and results of operations.
For example, the COVID-19 pandemic may have a negative impact on business growth, project implementation, and our customers 
usage of its solutions, and thus, our revenue. 

In addition, we have derived some of its customers
either through acquisitions of new businesses or by intra-group referrals. If we cannot develop customers organically, conduct as
many acquisitions, or receive as many customer referrals as it has historically, it may not be able to grow its customer base as quickly,
or at all. 

A number of AGBA s business partners
are commercial banks and other financial institutions that are highly regulated, and the tightening of laws, regulations, or standards
in the financial services industry could harm its business. 

A number of our business partners are commercial
banks and other financial institutions that are highly regulated and must comply with complex and changing government regulations and
industry standards, which are subject to significant changes, in the various jurisdictions in which they operate. Global, regional, or
local regulatory developments, including those in respect of consumer protection, credit availability, risk management, and data privacy,
could adversely affect our customers or otherwise result in a reduction in the volume and frequency of its business transactions. 

Our financial institution partners must sometimes
include restrictive provisions in their contracts with service providers, with respect to security and privacy, ongoing monitoring, risk
management, and other limitations. These provisions may increase our costs, limit the scope of the solutions we offer, or otherwise restrict
customer access. In addition, our customers may have less capacity or incentive to purchase solutions from us, may pass on their increased
costs to us, or may cease to use certain of our solutions. As aspects of our business employ a broker-based model, any reduction
of transactions by our partners may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

20 

As a result of such laws and regulations, certain
of our business partners have had, or will have, to adjust their business practices in ways that reduce their use of our solutions, and
these types of changes in response to regulatory developments may adversely affect our business, result of operations, and financial
conditions. 

Significant increases and decreases in
the number of transactions by AGBA s clients can have a material negative effect on AGBA s profitability and its ability
to efficiently process and settle transactions. 

Significant volatility in the number of client
transactions and rebalancing activity may result in operational problems such as a higher incidence of failures to deliver services and
errors in processing transactions, and such volatility may also result in increased personnel and related processing costs. We may experience
adverse effects on its profitability resulting from significant reductions in product sales and may encounter operational problems arising
from unanticipated high transaction volume because we are not able to control such fluctuations. 

In addition, significant transaction volume could
result in inaccurate books and records, which would expose us to disciplinary action by governmental agencies and other relevant regulators. 

We operate in a competitive and evolving
industry; if we are unable to compete effectively, it may lose market share. 

The market competition in which we operate is
intense and all aspects of their businesses are highly competitive. we compete for clients, customers, and personnel directly with other
financial advisory firms, securities firms, and, increasingly, with other types of organizations and businesses offering financial services,
such as banks and insurance companies. The financial technology services industry in Hong Kong and China is also highly competitive
and rapidly evolving. New competitors, including affiliates of financial institutions, traditional IT companies, and internet companies,
are entering this market. 

We primarily face competition posed by major,
existing financial institutions, including traditional banks and insurance agencies. However, we also face threats of new players entering
its industries, particularly the fintech industry, in Hong Kong and China. While our management believes that we have a competitive
advantage by having a full suite of financial products (including insurance, investment, and credit) coupled with a captive customer
base and well-established infrastructure (including operational capabilities and technology), some of our competitors may have greater
brand recognition, larger customer bases or greater financial, technological, or marketing resources. There can be no assurance that
our competitors will not be able to respond more quickly and effectively than us to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards,
or customer requirements, or successfully adapt to significant changes in regulatory and industry environments. 

The financial services industry continues to
evolve technologically, with an increasing number of firms of all sizes providing lower cost, computer-based robo-advice 
and enhanced digital experiences for clients with previously limited personalized service. Industry and technology changes may result
in increased prevalence of robo-advisors. We are subject to risk from accelerated industry changes and competitive forces, which have
resulted and are expected to continue to result in significant costs for strategic initiatives to respond to such changes. Our ability
to compete in its industries is based primarily on a business model designed to serve clients through personalized relationships with
financial advisors offering a full-product suite complemented by a low-cost digital platform. We may be subject to operational
risk if its current business model is unable to keep pace with a rapidly changing environment, which includes client, industry, technology,
and regulatory changes. In addition, our ability to compete and adapt its business model may be impacted by changing client demographics,
preferences, and values. If our services do not meet client needs, it could lose clients, thereby reducing revenues and profitability. 

Talent competition among our competitors also
exists for financial advisors, technology specialists, and corporate staff. Our continued ability to expand its business and to compete
effectively depends on its ability to attract qualified employees and to retain and motivate current employees. Additionally, during
an economic downturn, there is increased risk that our successful personnel may leave or be hired away by its competitors, if we experience
reduced profitability. 

Competition may also result in continued pricing
pressures, which may lead to price reductions for our services and offerings and may adversely affect its profitability and market share.
In addition, we may face competition from its own customers or financial product providers, who may develop their own solutions internally
after they have gained experience and expertise independently or through their use of our solutions. If we are unable to successfully
compete in its relevant industries, its business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

21 

If we are unable to protect or promote
its brand and reputation, its business may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our brand names and reputation are subject to
a variety of factors that are beyond its control. For example, customer complaints about our services and negative publicity about the
financial services industry could diminish consumer confidence in our solutions. Failure to protect our customers privacy or effectively
adopt security measures could have the same effect. Measures that we may take from time to time to combat risks of fraud and breaches
of privacy and security can damage relations with its customers. These measures heighten the need for prompt and accurate customer service
to resolve irregularities. If we cannot handle customer complaints effectively or balance different customers needs appropriately,
its reputation may suffer, and we may lose customers confidence. Furthermore, we may be subject to claims seeking to hold it liable
for inaccurate or false information. Any claims, regardless of merit, may force us to participate in costly time-consuming litigation
or investigations, divert significant management and staff attention, and damage its reputation and brand. In addition, our reputation
may be undermined if its customers and product issuers, many of whom are financial institutions, violate laws and regulations such as
financial supervision regulations and anti-money laundering laws, when interacting with our solutions. Any significant damage to
our reputation, or to the perceived quality or awareness of its brands or solutions, or any significant failure by us to promote and
protect its brands and reputation, could make it more difficult for us to maintain a good relationship with its customers, promote its
services or retain qualified personnel, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our future marketing and efforts to build its
brands will likely require it to incur additional expenses. In 2022, AGBA changed the branding of many of its group companies to reflect
new brands, such as AGBA , AGBA Focus , AGBA Perform and OnePlatform, that align
with our new approach to the market. 

These re-branding efforts include obtaining
new trademark and domain name registrations, which efforts are ongoing. Increased marketing expenses in the short term may be required
to familiarize our customers and the public with these new brand names. These efforts may not result in increased revenues in the immediate
future or at all and, even if they do, any increases in revenues may not offset the expenses incurred. If we fail to successfully promote,
protect, and maintain its brands while incurring additional expenses, its results of operations and financial condition would be adversely
affected, and its ability to grow its business may be impaired. 

Breach of AGBA s security measures
or those of any third-party cloud computing platform provider, or other third-party service providers, may result in AGBA s data,
IT systems, and services being perceived as not being, or actually not being, secure. 

Some of our services involve storage and transmission
of its customers and their end-customers proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial information and other
personally identifiable information. Our security measures may be breached as a result of efforts by individuals or groups of hackers
and sophisticated organizations, including by fraudulently obtaining system information of our employees or customers. Our security measures
also could be compromised by employee error or malfeasance, which could result in unauthorized access to, or denied authorized access
to, our IT systems, customers data, or its own data, including with respect to our intellectual property and other confidential
business information. 

Because the techniques used to breach, obtain
unauthorized access to, and sabotage IT systems change frequently, grow more complex over time, and are generally not recognized until
launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate or implement adequate measures to prevent such techniques. In addition, we
are often an early adopter of new technologies and new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers.
As its IT systems continue to evolve, their complexity increases. In addition, our customers may authorize third-party technology
providers to access their customer data, and some of our customers may not have adequate security measures to protect their data that
is stored on our servers. Because we do not control its customers or third-party technology providers, or the processing of such
data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. Malicious
third parties may also conduct attacks designed to temporarily deny customers access to our services. 

22 

A security breach could expose us to a risk of
loss or inappropriate use of proprietary and sensitive data, or the denial of access to this data. A security breach also could result
in a loss of confidence in the security of its services, damage our reputation, negatively impact future sales, disrupt its business,
and lead to legal liability. Finally, the detection, prevention, and remediation of known or potential security vulnerabilities, including
those arising from third-party hardware or software, may result in additional direct and indirect costs, for example, we may be
required to purchase additional infrastructure or its remediation efforts may degrade the performance of our solutions. 

Unexpected network interruptions, security
breaches, or computer virus attacks, and failures in AGBA s information technology systems, could have a material adverse effect
on AGBA s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our information technology systems support all
phases of its operations and are an essential part of the group s technology infrastructure. The robust reliability of our platform
is one of its competitive strengths that it relies on to attract and retain customers. If our systems fail to perform, it could experience
disruptions in operations, slower response times, or decreased customer satisfaction. We must process, record, and monitor a large number
of transactions, and its operations are highly dependent on the integrity of its technology systems and its ability to make timely enhancements
and additions to such systems. System interruptions, errors, or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including unexpected interruptions
to the internet infrastructure, technological failures, changes to systems, changes in customer usage patterns, linkages with third-party systems,
and power failures. Our systems also are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those
used for risk management and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, denial of service
attacks, computer viruses or cyber-attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, power outages, capacity constraints, software flaws,
events impacting our key business partners and vendors, and other similar events. 

AGBA has in the past experienced network interruptions,
which did not have a material adverse impact on the business. However, our business depends on the performance and reliability of its
internet infrastructure. There can be no assurance that our internet infrastructure will remain sufficiently reliable for its needs.
Any failure to maintain the performance, reliability, security, or availability of its network infrastructure may cause significant damage
to its ability to attract and retain customers. Major risks involving our network infrastructure include: 

breakdowns or
 system failures resulting in a prolonged shutdown of its servers; 

disruption or
 failure in the national backbone networks in Hong Kong, China, and the other markets
 where AGBA operates, which would make it impossible for customers to access our solutions; 

damage from natural
 disasters or other catastrophic events such as typhoons, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes,
 floods, telecommunications failures, or other similar events; and 

any infection
 by or spread of computer viruses or other system failures. 

Any network interruption or inadequacy that causes
interruptions in the availability of our platform or deterioration in the quality of or access to its solutions could reduce customer
satisfaction and result in a reduction in the activity level of our customers. Furthermore, increases in the volume of traffic on our
platform could strain the capacity of its existing computer systems and bandwidth, which could lead to slower response times or system
failures. This strain could cause a disruption or suspension in our services delivery, which could, in turn, hurt its brand and reputation.
We may need to incur additional costs to upgrade its technology infrastructure and computer systems to accommodate increased demand if
it anticipates that its systems cannot handle higher volumes of traffic and transaction in the future. In addition, it could take an
extended period to restore full functionality to our technology or other operating systems in the event of an unforeseen occurrence,
which could affect our ability to deliver its solutions. There can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses, reputational
damage, or regulatory actions due to technology or other operational failures or errors, including those of our vendors or other third
parties. 

23 

AGBA s inability to use software
licensed from third parties, including open-source software, could negatively affect its ability to sell its solutions and subject it
to possible litigation. 

Our technology platform incorporates software
licensed from third parties, including open-source software, which we use without charge. Although we monitor its use of open-source software,
the terms of many open-source licenses that it is subject to have not been interpreted by courts, and there is a risk that these
licenses could be construed to impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on its ability to provide its solutions. In addition,
the terms of open-source software licenses may require us to provide software that it develops to others on unfavorable license
terms. For example, certain open-source licenses may require us to offer the components of its platform that incorporate open-source software
for free, to make source code for modifications or derivative works available to others, and to license such modifications or derivative
works under the terms of the particular open-source license. 

In addition, we could be required to seek licenses
from third parties to continue offering its solutions, and these types of licenses may not be available or may be on terms not acceptable
to us. Alternatively, we may need to re-engineer its solutions or discontinue using certain functionalities of its solutions.
Our inability to use third-party software could result in business disruptions, or delays in developing future offerings or enhancements
of its existing solutions, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

AGBA s business in the credit industry
requires sufficient liquidity to maintain its business activities, and it may not always have access to sufficient funds. 

Liquidity, or ready access to funds, is essential
to our business, particularly its money lending business through OnePlatform Credit Limited OCL and Hong Kong Credit
Corporation Limited HKCC ). A tight credit market could have a negative impact on the ability of either or both of OCL
and HKCC to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet their working capital needs and to meet regulatory requirements. Short-term and
long-term financing are two sources of liquidity that could be affected by a tight credit market. In a tight credit market, lenders
may reduce their loan amounts. There can be no assurance that financing will be available at attractive terms, or at all, in the future. 

Additionally, our access to funds held at a broker-dealer is
subject to regulatory capital requirements and may require approval from regulators. A significant decrease in our access to funds could
negatively affect its business, financial management, and reputation in the industry. 

AGBA is subject to credit risk due to the
nature of the transactions it processes for its clients. 

We are exposed to the risk that third parties
who owe it money, securities, or other assets will not meet their obligations. Many of the transactions in which AGBA engages expose
it to credit risk in the event of default by its counterparty or client, such as loans or cash balances held at major financial institutions.
In addition, our credit risk may be increased when the collateral it holds cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices insufficient
to recover the full amount of the obligation due to us. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist
of cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts, and loans receivable. Cash equivalents are maintained with high credit quality institutions,
the composition and maturities of which are regularly monitored by management. The Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board pays compensation
up to a limit of HK 500,000 (approximately US 64,050) if the bank with which an individual/a company hold its eligible deposit fails.
We maintain cash and other funds in escrow at financial institutions in Hong Kong, which can be subject to credit risk. While management
believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, it also continually monitors their credit worthiness, and there
can be no assurance that they will remain of high credit quality. 

We have evaluated the need for an allowance for
doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends, and other information. Nonetheless,
there can be no assurance that its customers will not default on their obligations or otherwise expose us to the negative impacts of
credit risk. 

24 

Restrictions imposed by the outstanding
indebtedness and any future indebtedness of AGBA may limit its ability to operate its business and to finance its future operations or
capital needs or to engage in acquisitions or other business activities necessary to achieve growth. 

The terms of the outstanding indebtedness and
any future indebtedness may restrict us from taking certain actions, including, among other things: 

incurring additional
 indebtedness; 

creating or incurring
 liens; 

paying dividends
 and distributions on, or purchase, redeem, defease, or otherwise acquire or retire for value,
 capital stock; 

making repayments
 or repurchases of debt that is contractually subordinated with respect to right of payment
 or security; 

creating negative
 pledges or restrictions on the payment of dividends or payment of other amounts owed from
 subsidiaries; 

making acquisitions,
 investments, loans (including guarantees), advance or capital contributions; 

engaging in consolidations,
 amalgamations, mergers, liquidations, dissolutions, dispositions and/or selling, transferring,
 or otherwise disposing of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries; 

entering into
 certain sale and leaseback transactions; 

engaging in certain
 transactions with affiliates; or 

changing material
 lines of business. 

There can be no guarantee that we will be able
to maintain compliance with any of its loan covenants or, if we fail to do so, that it will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders
and/or amend the covenants. Even if we comply with all of the applicable covenants, the restrictions on the conduct of business could
adversely affect us by, among other things, limiting its ability to take advantage of financings, mergers, acquisitions, investments,
and other corporate opportunities that may be beneficial to business. 

A breach of any of the covenants in existing
or future credit agreements could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could trigger acceleration of indebtedness
and an increase in the interest rates applicable to such indebtedness, and may result in the acceleration of or default under any other
debt we may incur in the future to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. Any such acceleration of
indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, and financial condition of AGBA. In the
event of any default under existing or future credit facilities of AGBA, the applicable lenders could elect to terminate borrowing commitments
and declare all borrowings and loans outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and any fees and other obligations, to be
due and payable. In addition, if AGBA was to grant a security interest in a significant portion of its assets to secure obligations under
a lending agreement, the applicable lenders, during the existence of an event of default, could exercise their rights and remedies thereunder,
including by way of initiating foreclosure proceedings against any assets constituting collateral for obligations of AGBA as borrower. 

AGBA performance depends on key
management and personnel. Any failure to attract, motivate and retain staff could severely hinder AGBA s ability to maintain and
grow AGBA. 

Our future success is significantly dependent
upon the continued service of a handful of its key personnel. If we lose the services of any member of management or other key personnel,
it may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and it may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new staff,
which could severely disrupt its business and growth, therefore materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. If any dispute arises between our current or former personnel, we may have to incur substantial
costs and expenses in order to enforce such agreements in Hong Kong or elsewhere (as relevant), and we may not be able to enforce them
at all. 

The wide range and diversity of the services
and solutions that we provide may require the hiring and retention of a wide range of experienced personnel who can adapt to a dynamic,
competitive, and challenging business environment. We will need to continue to attract and retain experienced and capable personnel at
all levels as it expands its business and operations. Competition for talent in Hong Kong s financial technology industry
is particularly intense, and the availability of suitable and qualified candidates is limited. 

25 

Substantially all of AGBA s operations
are housed in one location. If the facilities are damaged or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, AGBA s business
may be negatively impacted. 

The current headquarters adopts an open-office design
throughout the entire building to minimize overall expenses, promote collaborative culture, and create a more flexible workspace environment. 

As a result, most of our operations currently
are housed in one building. Certain of our subsidiaries compensate the Legacy Group for the use of their office space through existing
service agreements. See Certain Transactions and Related Party Transactions Certain Transactions of AGBA .
AGBA Tower, and our offices therein, could be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes,
fires, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, extreme weather conditions, medical
epidemics, and other natural or man-made disasters, pandemics, epidemics, or other business interruptions, including the COVID-19 pandemic.
If due to such disaster a significant portion of our team members must work remotely for an extended period, our business may be negatively
impacted. 

On January 25, 2022, we purchased an office
premise located at Kaiseng Commercial Centre, No 4 6, Hankow Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong from the Legacy Group for
a consideration of approximately US 8.0 million. The purchase price was offset by the deduction of a previously paid earnest deposit
of US 7.2 million and partially settled by cash. Our management expects to use this office premise for its own occupancy and to
meet its anticipated business expansion in the foreseeable period. This transaction is not expected to affect the existing AGBA Tower
lease or current administrative service agreements. 

AGBA may not be able to identify or pursue
suitable acquisition or expansion opportunities or achieve optimal results in future acquisitions or expansions, and it may encounter
difficulties in successfully integrating and developing acquired assets or businesses. 

To further grow its businesses and increase its
competitiveness and profitability, we intend to continue expanding its services and solutions in both Hong Kong and China. We have
been actively looking for acquisition or expansion opportunities that may be beneficial. Over the past few years, Fintech has invested
in a number of companies in the fintech space, such as Tandem. We will continue to seek opportunities for acquisition and expansion.
However, acquisitions or expansions may not be successfully completed, and we may not be able to find or consummate suitable acquisition
or expansion alternatives. Any expansion of AGBA into China may also involve risks related to businesses operating in China. If we successfully
complete any acquisition or expansion, it may raise financing, either in the capital markets or in the form of bank financing, to cover
all or part of the purchase price, which will lead to changes to our capital structure and may restrict us in other ways. In addition,
to the extent that any of these business initiatives are funded through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership
interest of our shareholders could be diluted. 

We have acquired and may in the future acquire
other businesses or companies with advanced financial technologies, leading financial technology products, valuable intellectual property,
or other businesses or assets with capabilities and strategies that our management believes are complementary to and are likely to enhance
its businesses. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify attractive acquisition targets, negotiate favorable
terms, obtain necessary government approvals or permits, complete necessary registrations or filings, or obtain necessary funding to
complete these acquisitions on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. 

Acquisitions and expansions involve numerous
risks, including potential difficulties in retaining and assimilating personnel, risks and difficulties associated with integrating the
operations and culture of AGBA, diversions of management attention and other resources, lack of experience and industry and market knowledge
of the new businesses, risks and difficulties associated with complying with laws and regulations related to the acquisitions and failure
to properly identify problems with acquisition targets through the due diligence process. In addition, acquisitions and expansions may
significantly stretch our capital, personnel, and management resources and, as a result, we may fail to manage its growth effectively.
Any new acquisition or expansion plans may also result in its inheritance of debts and other liabilities, assumption of potential legal
liabilities in respect of the new businesses, and incurrence of impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets, any
of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In particular, if any new businesses we acquire fail
to perform as expected, we may be required to recognize a significant impairment charge, which could materially and adversely affect
its business, financial condition, and results of operations. There may also be established players in these sectors and markets that
enjoy significant market share, and it may be difficult for us to win market share from them. Furthermore, some of the overseas markets
that we may target may have high barriers of entry for foreign players. There can be no assurance that our acquisition or expansion plans
will be successful. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will be able to realize the strategy behind an acquisition or expansion
plan, reach the desired level of operational integration, or achieve its investment return targets. 

26 

AGBA and its directors, management, and
employees currently are and may in the future be subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, and any adverse
findings may have a material adverse effect on AGBA s business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects and harm
its reputation. 

Many aspects of our business involve substantial
litigation and regulatory risks, and our members and management may be subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of their
business or in connection with the Legacy Group. We are also, from time to time, subject to examinations, informal inquiries and investigations
by regulatory and other governmental agencies. In the ordinary course of business, we are also subject to arbitration claims, lawsuits,
and litigation, either as plaintiff or defendant. 

Actions brought against us may result in settlements,
injunctions, fines, penalties, or other results adverse to the directors, management, and employees that could harm its business, financial
condition, results of operations, and reputation. Any action against our directors, management, and employees, even those without merit
and even if the relevant party is successful in defending itself against them, may cause us to incur significant costs, and could place
a strain on its financial resources, divert the attention of management from its core business, and harm its reputation. A significant
judgment or regulatory action against our directors, management, and employees or a material disruption in the business of AGBA arising
from adverse adjudications in proceedings against its directors, officers or employees would have a material adverse effect on its liquidity,
business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and prospects. 

As a publicly listed company, we are likely to
face additional exposure to claims and lawsuits. These claims could divert management s time and attention away from its business
and result in significant costs to investigate and defend, regardless of the merits of the claims. In some instances, we may elect or
be forced to pay substantial damages if it is unsuccessful in its efforts to defend against these claims, which could harm its reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We implement policies and conduct regular compliance
training designed to deter wrongdoing, promote honest and ethical conduct, and ensure the accuracy of financial statements and public
communications as well as compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations. However, there can be no assurance that
all of our directors, management, and employees will strictly abide by these rules and policies, or that we can effectively and timely
deter, detect, and remedy all misconduct. Any gross misconduct by our directors, management, and employees, including, but not limited
to those in relation to commercial, labor, employment, financial, operational, accounting, auditing or securities matters, may lead to
investigations and/or litigation and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and
harm its reputation. 

We may not have sufficient insurance coverage
to cover our business risks. 

We maintain insurance to cover its potential exposure
for claims and losses. However, our insurance coverage may be inadequate or unavailable to protect us fully, and we may not be able to
acquire any coverage for certain types of risks such as business liability or service disruptions, and our coverage may not be adequate
to compensate us for all losses that may occur, particularly with respect to loss of business or operations. Any business disruption,
litigation, regulatory action, outbreak of epidemic disease, or natural disaster could also expose us to substantial costs and resource
diversion. There can be no assurance that our existing insurance coverage will be sufficient to prevent us from any loss or that we will
be able to successfully claim our losses on a timely basis, or at all. If we incur any loss that is not covered by its existing insurance
policies, or the amount of compensation that it receives is significantly less than its actual loss, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Any failure to protect the intellectual
property rights of AGBA or its subsidiaries or to ensure the continuing right to own, use or license all intellectual property required
for its or their operations could impair AGBA s ability to protect its proprietary technology and its brand. 

Our success and ability to compete depends in
part upon its intellectual property. As of the date of this report, our portfolio of intellectual property includes, primarily, domain
names and trademarks. We are currently in the process of re-branding its business, and as part of this exercise, we is in the process
of obtaining domain names and trademark registrations for its new brands, such as AGBA , AGBA Focus , AGBA
Perform and OnePlatform. We primarily rely on copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, trade secret protection
and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, customers, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. 

27 

The steps that we take to secure, protect, and
enforce its current and future intellectual property rights may be inadequate. We may not be able to obtain any further trademarks (including
those for AGBA and OnePlatform or patents, our current intellectual property could be invalidated, our competitors
could design their products around our current technology, or we could lose access to third party intellectual property on which we may
rely. 

In order to protect our intellectual property
rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce
our intellectual property rights could be costly, time consuming and distracting to our management and could result in the impairment
or loss of its intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims
and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent
third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating its intellectual property. Any failure to secure, protect and enforce its intellectual
property rights could substantially harm the value of our technology, products, brand, and business. 

We may not be able to prevent others from
unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

We regard our trademarks, domain names, trade
secrets, and other intellectual property as critical to our business. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties may
adversely affect our business and reputation. We rely on a combination of intellectual property laws and contractual arrangements to protect
our proprietary rights. It is often difficult to register, maintain, and enforce intellectual property rights in countries or regions
with less developed regulatory regimes or inconsistent and unreliable enforcement mechanisms. Sometimes laws and regulations are subject
to interpretation and enforcement and may not be applied consistently due to the lack of clear guidance on statutory interpretation. Legal
standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights in other countries are uncertain
and may afford little or no effective protection of our proprietary technology, and the risk of intellectual property misappropriation
may be higher in these countries. Consequently, we may be unable to prevent its proprietary technology from being infringed or exploited
abroad, which could affect its ability to expand into international markets or require costly efforts to protect its technology. We are
in the process of obtaining new domain names and trademark registrations in connection with its ongoing re-branding efforts. Failure
to promptly obtain such registrations or otherwise fully project such intellectual property may expose us to intellectual property related
risks, which may materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, our contractual agreements, including
IP assignment arrangements in employment contracts, may be breached by counterparties, and there may not be adequate remedies available
to us for any such breach. Accordingly, we may not be able to effectively protect its intellectual property rights or to enforce its
contractual rights in Hong Kong, China, or other jurisdictions in which we operate. Detecting and preventing any unauthorized use
of our intellectual property is difficult and costly, and the steps has taken may be inadequate to prevent infringement or misappropriation
of its intellectual property. If we resort to litigation to enforce or protect its intellectual property rights, such litigation could
result in substantial costs and a diversion of its managerial and financial resources. There can be no assurance that we will prevail
in such litigation. In addition, our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become available to, or be independently discovered by,
its competitors, and, in that case, we would have no right to prevent others use of them. 

We may be subject to intellectual property
infringement claims, which may be expensive to defend and may disrupt its business and operations. 

There can be no certainty that the operations
or any aspects of our business do not or would not infringe upon or otherwise violate patents, copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual
property rights held by third parties. We may be subject to penalties, legal proceedings, and claims relating to the intellectual property
rights of others. In addition, there may be other third-party intellectual property that is infringed by our solutions, services,
or other aspects of its business. There could also be intellectual property rights that we are not aware of that our solutions or services
may inadvertently infringe. To the extent that we seek to register any new intellectual property, there can be no assurance that such
applications will be approved, that any issued intellectual property rights would adequately protect our intellectual property, or that
such intellectual properties would not be challenged by third parties or found by competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable. 

28 

There can be no assurance that holders of patents
purportedly relating to some aspect of our technology platform or business, if any such holders exist, would not seek to enforce these
patents against us in Hong Kong, China, or any other jurisdictions. Furthermore, the application and interpretation of PRC patent
laws and the procedures and standards for granting patents in the PRC are still evolving and are uncertain, and there can be no assurance
that PRC courts or regulatory authorities would agree with our analysis. If we are found to have violated the intellectual property rights
of others, it may be subject to liability for its infringement activities or may be prohibited from using such intellectual property,
and it may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop alternatives of its own. In addition, we may incur significant expenses, and
may be forced to divert management s time and other resources from its business and operations to defend against these third-party infringement
claims, regardless of their merits. Successful infringement or licensing claims made against us may result in significant monetary liabilities
and may materially disrupt its business and operations by restricting or prohibiting its use of the intellectual property in question,
which may materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Additionally, registering, managing, and enforcing
intellectual property rights in the PRC is often difficult. Statutory laws and regulations may not be applied consistently due to the
lack of clear interpretation guidance. 

We have registered for certain trademarks in
Hong Kong, China, and Taiwan. However, third parties may file applications to register the same or similar trademarks. In addition,
third parties may object its registrations, and the relevant trademark authority may not rule in our favor in such disputes. If our trademarks
are revoked or otherwise canceled, we may be prohibited from using those trademarks in its business operations, and we may need to change
certain of its products logos, which may have an adverse effect on its business and operations. 

We are party to a number of related party
transactions, which may result in interdependence or potential conflicts of interest. 

In the ordinary course of their business, our
subsidiaries enter into transactions with related parties. Related parties may be individuals (being members of key management personnel
and/or their close family members) or other entities and include entities which are under the significant influence of related parties
of the Group and the Legacy Group. Such interdependence may mean that any material adverse changes in the operations or financial condition
of related parties could adversely affect our results of operations. We expect that it will continue to enter into transactions with related
parties. 

While we employ strong corporate governance provisions
and related party transaction policies that require such transaction to be conducted on an arm s length basis, there can be no
assurance that relevant government regulators will make the same conclusion with respect to such transactions. Further, there can be
no assurance that such related party transactions, if questioned, will not have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

We operate in a variety of heavily regulated
industries in Hong Kong and globally, which expose its business activities to risks of noncompliance with an increasing body of complex
laws and regulations. 

Due to the heavily regulated nature of the industries
in which we operate, primarily the insurance, Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF), asset management and money lending industries, we are required
to comply with a wide array of Hong Kong laws and regulations that regulate, among other things, the manner in which they conduct
their businesses, which of our operating entities can provide certain services, and the fees that they may charge. Governmental authorities
and various Hong Kong agencies, including, among others, the Insurance Authority, the Mandatory Provident Fund Authority, the Securities
and Futures Commission, and the Inland Revenue Department, have broad oversight and supervisory authority over us. 

Because of the financial services that we offer
and deliver, we engage in the relevant service must be licensed in Hong Kong as well as all relevant jurisdictions that require
licensure and must comply with each such jurisdiction s respective laws and regulations, as well as with judicial and administrative
decisions applicable to it. Presently, in Hong Kong, we maintain Insurance Broker Licenses, HKSFC Licenses, and Money Lenders Licenses,
in addition to their business registrations with the Hong Kong Companies Registry. In addition, these companies are currently subject
to a variety of, and may in the future become subject to additional, laws that are continuously evolving and developing, including laws
on advertising as well as privacy laws. 

29 

These licensing requirements and other regulations
directly impact our business and require ongoing compliance, monitoring, and internal and external audits as they continue to evolve
and may result in ever-increasing public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Subsequent changes to data
protection and privacy laws, for instance, could impact how we process personal information, and therefore limit the effectiveness of
its products or services or its ability to operate or expand its business, including limiting strategic partnerships that may involve
the sharing of personal information. 

Both the scope of the laws and regulations and
the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject have increased over time, in response to financial crises as well as other factors
such as technological and market changes. Regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the financial services sector in
Hong Kong and the other markets where we operate. Our management expects that its business will remain subject to extensive regulation
and supervision. These regulatory changes could result in an increase in our regulatory compliance burden and associated costs and place
restrictions on its operations. Our failure to comply with applicable licensing requirements and relevant laws and regulations could
lead to, among other things: 

loss of its licenses
 and approvals to engage in its businesses; 

damage to its
 reputation in the industry; 

governmental investigations
 and enforcement actions; 

administrative
 fines and penalties and litigation; 

civil and criminal
 liability, including class action lawsuits; 

increased costs
 of doing business; 

diminished ability
 to sell financial products; 

inability to raise
 capital; and 

inability to execute
 on its business strategy, including its growth plans. 

As applicable licensing requirements and laws
evolve, it may be more difficult for our management to identify these developments comprehensively, to interpret changes accurately, and
to train our employees effectively with respect to these laws and regulations. These difficulties potentially increase our exposure to
the risks of noncompliance with these licensing requirements, laws, and regulations, which could be detrimental to its business. In addition,
a failure to adequately vet and supervise our clients, service providers and vendors, to the extent they are covered by such licensing
requirements, laws, and regulations, may also have these negative results. 

To resolve issues raised in examinations or other
governmental actions, we or certain of our subsidiaries may be required to take various corrective actions, including changing certain
business practices, making refunds or taking other actions that could be financially or competitively detrimental to it. Our management
expects to continue to incur costs to comply with governmental regulations. In addition, certain legislative actions and judicial decisions
can give rise to the initiation of lawsuits against us for activities that it has conducted in the past. We have been, and its management
expects it to continue to be, subject to regulatory enforcement actions and private causes of action from time to time with respect to
its compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

Although we have systems and procedures directed
to comply with these legal and regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that more restrictive laws and regulations will not
be adopted in the future, or that governmental bodies or courts will not interpret existing laws or regulations in a more restrictive
manner, which could render its current business practices non-compliant or which could make compliance more difficult or expensive. Any
of these, or other, changes in laws or regulations could have a detrimental effect on us and its results of operations. 

30 

We are subject to evolving regulatory requirements,
and failure to comply with these regulations or to adapt to regulatory changes could materially and adversely affect its operations,
business, and prospects. 

Many
of our aspects, including brokerage and technology services to individual investors, banks, and insurance companies, insurance loss adjustment
services, online publication services relating to financial product information, facilitating consumer lending products for banks and
online small loan companies, managing and distributing various asset management products, and electronic certification services are subject
to supervision and regulation by various governmental authorities in Hong Kong or in other jurisdictions where we operate. As we continue
to expand its solutions and product offerings, the group may be subject to new and more complex regulatory requirements. 

We are also required to comply with
applicable laws and regulations in relevant jurisdictions to protect the privacy and security of its customers information. Legal
and regulatory restrictions may delay, or possibly prevent, some of our solutions or services from being offered, which may have a material
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. Violation of laws and regulations may also result in
severe penalties, confiscation of illegal income, revocation of licenses and, under certain circumstances, criminal prosecution. 

For example, the regulatory framework governing
financial technology services is unclear and evolving. New laws or regulations may be promulgated, which could impose new requirements
or prohibitions that render our current operations or technologies non-compliant. In addition, due to uncertainties and complexities
of the regulatory environment, it cannot be assured that regulators will interpret laws and regulations the same way as we do, or that
we will always be in full compliance with applicable laws and regulations. To remedy any violations, we may be required to modify its
business models, solutions, and technologies in ways that render its solutions less appealing to potential customers. We may also become
subject to fines or other penalties, or, if we determine that the requirements to operate in compliance are overly burdensome, it may
elect to terminate potentially non-compliant operations. In each such case, our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected. 

We may be adversely affected by the complexity,
uncertainties, and changes in regulation of internet-related businesses and companies, and any lack of requisite approvals, licenses,
or permits applicable to our business may have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations. 

The Hong Kong government extensively regulates
the internet industry, including foreign ownership of, and the licensing and permit requirements pertaining to, companies in the industry.
These internet-related laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant
uncertainties. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed to be in
violation of applicable laws and regulations. 

The interpretation and application of existing
Hong Kong laws, regulations and policies, and possible new laws, regulations, or policies, including those relating to the internet
industry, have created substantial uncertainties regarding the legality of existing and future foreign investments in, and our businesses
and activities. There can be no assurance that we have obtained all the permits or licenses required for conducting its business
or that it will be able to maintain or update its existing licenses or obtain new ones. If a government authority considers that we were
operating without the proper approvals, licenses, or permits or promulgates new laws and regulations that require additional approvals
or licenses or imposes additional restrictions on the operation of any part of its business, it may levy fines, confiscate our income,
revoke its business licenses, and/or require us to discontinue its relevant business or impose restrictions on the affected portion of
its business. Any of these actions may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Uncertainties in the interpretation and
enforcement of Hong Kong laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available to us and our investors. 

Hong Kong laws and regulations concerning
the internet-related and financial services industries are developing and evolving. Although we have taken measures to comply with
the laws and regulations applicable to its business operations and to avoid conducting any non-compliant activities under these
laws and regulations, governmental authorities may promulgate new laws and regulations regulating the internet-related and financial
services industries. There can be no assurance that our operations would not be deemed to violate any such new laws or regulations. Moreover,
developments in the internet-related industries and financial services industry may lead to changes in existing laws, regulations,
and policies in Hong Kong, or in the interpretation and application of existing laws, regulations, and policies, which in turn may
limit or restrict us and could materially and adversely affect its business and operations. 

31 

Fluctuations in exchange rates could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the price of the Company s shares. 

The value of the Hong Kong dollar against
the U.S. Dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions
in Hong Kong and China and by Hong Kong and China s foreign exchange policies. Presently, the value of the Hong Kong
dollar is pegged to the U.S. Dollar. However, on July 21, 2005, the PRC government changed its decade-old policy of pegging
the value of the Renminbi to the U.S. Dollar, and the Renminbi appreciated more than 20 against the U.S. Dollar over the following
three years. Between July 2008 and June 2010, this appreciation halted and the exchange rate between the Renminbi and
the U.S. Dollar remained within a narrow band. Since June 2010, the Renminbi has fluctuated against the U.S. Dollar, at
times significantly and unpredictably. On November 30, 2015, the Executive Board of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) completed
the regular five-year review of the basket of currencies that make up its Special Drawing Rights, or the SDR, and decided that with
effect from October 1, 2016, the Renminbi is considered to be a freely usable currency and will be included in the SDR basket as
a fifth currency, along with the U.S. Dollar, the Euro, the Japanese yen and the British pound. With the development of the foreign
exchange market and progress towards interest rate liberalization and Renminbi internationalization, the PRC government may announce
further changes to its exchange rate system. Given the political uncertainty surrounding Hong Kong, there can be no assurance that
the Hong Kong dollar will remain pegged to the U.S. Dollar and that it will not appreciate or depreciate significantly in value
against the U.S. Dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or Hong Kong, PRC, or U.S. government
policies may affect the exchange rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the U.S. Dollar in the future. 

Substantially all of our revenue and costs are
denominated in Hong Kong dollars. Any significant revaluation of the Hong Kong dollar may have a material and adverse effect
on an investment in the Company. For example, to the extent that the Company needed to convert U.S. Dollars received from the Business
Combination or other capital markets transactions or borrowings outside Hong Kong into Hong Kong dollars for operations, appreciation
of the Hong Kong dollar against the U.S. Dollar would have an adverse effect on the amount the Company would receive from the
conversion. Conversely, if the Company decided to convert its Hong Kong dollars into U.S. Dollars for the purpose of making
payments for dividends on its ordinary shares or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. Dollar against the Hong Kong
dollar would have a negative effect on the U.S. Dollar amount available to the company. 

We face risks related to natural disasters,
health epidemics, civil and social disruption and other outbreaks, which could significantly disrupt its operations. 

We are vulnerable to natural disasters and other
calamities. Fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power losses, telecommunications failures, break-ins, wars, riots, terrorist attacks,
strikes, civil or social disruption (including protests in Hong Kong in June 2019) or similar events may give rise to server
or service interruptions, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures, employee issues, or internet failures, which could
cause the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware, as well as adversely affect our ability to maintain its
financial platform and provide its solutions to customers. Our business could also be adversely affected by the effects of COVID-19,
Ebola virus disease, Zika virus disease, various forms of influenza, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome or SARS, or other epidemics. 

Our business, results of operations, financial
conditions, and prospects could also be adversely affected to the extent that any natural disasters, health epidemics, civil and social
disruption and other outbreaks harm the Hong Kong, Chinese, or global economy in general. 

Russia s invasion of Ukraine may present
risks to our operations and investments. 

Russia s recent military interventions in
Ukraine have led to, and may lead to, additional sanctions being levied by the United States, European Union and other countries
against Russia. Russia s military incursion and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect global energy and financial markets
and thus could affect the value of our investments, even though we do not have any direct exposure to Russia or the adjoining geographic
regions. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions, and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could
be substantial. Any such disruptions caused by Russian military action or resulting sanctions may magnify the impact of other risks described
in this section. We cannot predict the progress or outcome of the situation in Ukraine, as the conflict and governmental reactions are
rapidly developing and beyond their control. Prolonged unrest, intensified military activities, or more extensive sanctions impacting
the region could have a material adverse effect on the global economy, and such effect could in turn have a material adverse effect on
our operations, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and business outlook. 

32 

Risks Related to Our Shares 

Our share price has been, and could continue
to be, volatile. 

There has been significant volatility in the
market price and trading volume of equity securities, which may be unrelated to the financial performance of the companies issuing the
securities. These broad market fluctuations could negatively affect the market price of our stock. The market price and volume of our
ordinary shares could fluctuate, and in the past has fluctuated, more dramatically than the stock market in general. During the 12 months
ended December 31, 2022, the market price of our ordinary shares has ranged from a high of 11.65 per share (on November 3, 2022)
to a low of 1.54 per share (on December 30, 2022). Shareholders may not be able to resell their shares at or above the price they paid
for them due to fluctuations in the market price of our stock caused by changes in our operating performance or prospects or other factors.
Some factors, in addition to the other risk factors identified above, that could have a significant effect on our stock market price
include, but are not limited to, the following: 

actual or anticipated
 fluctuations in our operating results or future prospects; 

our announcements
 or our competitors announcements of new services; 

the public s
 reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 

strategic actions
 by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

new laws or regulations
 or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

changes in accounting
 standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 

changes in our
 growth rates or our competitors growth rates; 

developments regarding
 our patents or proprietary rights or those of our competitors; 

our inability
 to raise additional capital as needed; 

concerns or allegations
 as to the safety or efficacy of our products; 

changes in financial
 markets or general economic conditions; 

sales of shares
 by us or members of our management team, our significant shareholders, or certain institutional
 shareholders; and 

changes in stock
 market analyst recommendations or earnings estimates regarding our stock, other comparable
 companies or our industry generally. 

Shareholders could experience substantial
dilution of their investment as a result of future sales of our equity, subsequent exercises of our outstanding warrants and options,
or the future grant of equity by us. 

We may choose to raise additional capital from
time to time, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. To the extent that we raise additional
funds through the future sale of equity or convertible securities, the issuance of such securities will result in dilution to our stockholders.
The price per share at which we sell additional ordinary shares, or securities convertible or exchangeable into ordinary shares, in future
transactions may be higher or lower than the price per ordinary share paid by investors in the offering. Investors purchasing shares
or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. 

33 

In addition, shareholders could experience substantial
dilution of their investment as a result of subsequent exercises of outstanding warrants, or the grant of future equity-based awards.
As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 5,946,100 ordinary shares were reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans,
and 4,825,000 ordinary shares were subject to warrants at an exercise 11.50 per share. To the extent that outstanding warrants are exercised,
our existing shareholders could experience dilution. 

We rely on equity awards to motivate current
employees and to attract new employees. The grant of future equity awards by us to our employees and other service providers could further
dilute our shareholders interests in the Company. 

Because we do not intend to pay cash dividends,
our stockholders will benefit from an investment in our ordinary shares only if it appreciates in value. 

We intend to retain our future earnings, if any,
to finance the expansion of our business and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, the success
of an investment in our ordinary shares will depend entirely upon any future appreciation. There is no guarantee that our ordinary shares
will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our shareholders purchased their shares. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our ordinary shares will
depend on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control
over these analysts. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us or provide favorable coverage. If one or more of the analysts
who cover us downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these
analysts cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports on the Company, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

AGBA s headquarters in Hong Kong is located
at AGBA Tower, 68 Johnston Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, which cover approximately 40,000 square feet pursuant to an operating lease in
a term of 6 years that will expire in 2026. 

The lease agreement for the building, between
Viewbest Investments Limited (Viewbest), as landlord, and Legacy Group, was executed on June 14, 2019. 

While we are not the party to the AGBA Tower
lease agreement, we are currently occupying space in the building. 

We believe our current facility is suitable and
adequate to meet our current needs. 

AGBA also owns two office premises located at
Kaiseng Commercial Centre, No 4 6, Hankow Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong and One Island South, No. 2 Heung Yip Road, Hong Kong
for rental purpose. 

34 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, the Company may be subject
to various legal proceedings, investigations, or claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business activities. Except for the proceeding
below, the Company is not currently a party to any other legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined adversely to the Company,
would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Action Case: HCA702/2018 

On March 27, 2018, the writ of summons was issued
against the Company and seven related companies of the former shareholder by the Plaintiff. This action alleged the infringement of certain
registered trademarks currently registered under the Plaintiff. Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, in February 2023, the
Court granted leave for this action be set down for trial of 13 days, which the period has yet to be fixed. Legal counsel of the Company
will continue to handle in this matter. At this stage in the proceedings, it is unable to determine the probability of the outcome of
the matter or the range of reasonably possible loss, if any. 

Action Case: HCA765/2019 

On April 30, 2019, the writ of summons was issued
against the Company s subsidiary, three related companies and the former directors, shareholders and financial consultant by the
Plaintiff. This action alleged the deceit and misrepresentation from an inducement of the fund subscription and claimed for compensatory
damage of approximately 2 million (equal to HK 17.1million). The case is on-going and the parties have yet to attempt mediation. Legal
counsel of the Company will continue to handle in this matter. At this stage in the proceedings, it is unable to determine the probability
of the outcome of the matter or the range of reasonably possible loss, if any. 

HCA 2097/2020 and HCA 2098/2020 

On December 15, 2020, the writs of summons were
issued against the Company and the former consultant by the Plaintiff. This action alleged the misrepresentation and conspiracy causing
the loss from the investment in corporate bond and claimed for compensatory damage of approximately 1.67 million (equal to HK 13 million).
The Company previously made 0.84 million as contingency loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. The parties participated in a mediation
held on March 25, 2022 and negotiated for settlement through without prejudice correspondence, no settlement was reached. There is an
up-coming case management hearing on July 25, 2023 and legal counsel of the Company will continue to handle this matter. At this stage
in the proceedings, it is unable to determine the probability of the outcome of the matter or any further potential loss, if any. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

35 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

We completed the Business Combination with AAL
on November 14, 2022. Prior to that date, and before the completion of the Business Combination with AAL, the units, ordinary shares,
warrants, and rights of AAL traded on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbols AGBAU, AGBA, AGBAW, 
and AGBAR, respectively. After the completion of the Business Combination, the
post-combination company has been renamed AGBA Group Holding Limited and its ordinary shares and warrants began trading
on the Nasdaq Capital Market on November 15, 2022 under the ticker symbols AGBA and AGBAW, respectively. 

Holders of Record 

Immediately
after giving effect to the Business Combination, we had 58,376,985 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, and 4,825,000 warrants outstanding.
As of March 10, 2023, there were approximately 19 registered holders of record of our ordinary shares and one registered holder of record
of our warrants. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. The actual number of holders
of our ordinary share and warrants may be greater than our record holders. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the immediate future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and
any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business and to potentially repay any indebtedness and, therefore, we do
not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion
of our Board, subject to compliance with covenants in current and future agreements governing our and our subsidiaries indebtedness,
and will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors that our board may deem relevant. 

Purchases of Equity
Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

There were no purchases
of equity securities by the issuer or affiliated purchasers, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a) (3) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Recent
Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 

There have been no other
unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022, which have not been previously disclosed on a Current
Report on Form 8-K. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 with
respect to the shares of the Company s ordinary shares that may be issued under the AGBA Group Holding Limited Share Award Scheme. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

5,729,297 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 - 
 
 5,729,297 

Performance Graph 

We are a smaller
reporting company, as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and therefore are not required to provide the information
required by paragraph (e) of Item 201 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

36 

ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis provides
information which our management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition.
The discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon our current expectations, estimates and projections, and involves numerous
risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements due to, among other
considerations, the matters discussed in the sections titled Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. 

Overview 

We are a leading one-stop financial supermarket
based in Hong Kong servicing over 400,000 individual and corporate customers. We offer the broadest set of financial services and healthcare
products in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (GBA) through a tech-led ecosystem, enabling clients to unlock the choices
that best suit their needs. 

We currently operate four major areas of businesses,
comprising of: 

1 . Distribution
Business: The Group s powerful financial advisor business is the largest in the market, it engages in the personal financial
advisory business (including advising and sales of a full range of financial services products including long-term life insurance, savings
and mortgages), with additional internal and external channels being developed and added. 

2. 
 Platform Business: The Group operates as a financial supermarket offering over 1,800 financial products to a large universe of retail and corporate customers. 

3. Healthcare
Business: Through the Group s 4 stake in and a strategic partnership with HCMPS, operating as one of the largest healthcare
management organizations in the Hong Kong and Macau region, with over 800 doctors in its network. Established in 1979, it is one of the
most reputed healthcare brands in Hong Kong. 

4. Fintech
Business: The Group has an ensemble of leading FinTech assets and businesses in Europe and Hong Kong. In addition to financial gains,
the Group also derives substantial knowledge transfers from its investee companies, supporting the development and growth of the Group s
new business models. 

Distribution Business 

The Distribution Business comprises a variety
of captive financial services distribution channels. We have built a market leading financial advisors distribution channel in Hong Kong.
We have also built other distribution channels alongside our market leading financial advisors business. 

Our
combined captive distribution channels enable us to directly access one of the largest pools of customers accessible to independent
financial services providers in Hong Kong. 

Channel 
 
 Description 
 
 Financial Advisors Business FA Business 
 
 Focus is engaged in the distribution of life insurance, asset management, property-casualty and Mandatory Provident Fund products through its teams of independent financial advisors (brokers). 

Alternative Distribution Business 
 
 A collection of distribution channels, including salaried financial planners targeting HNWI, development teams pursuing corporate partnerships and incubating financial advisors teams. 

Digital Business 
 
 AGBA Money is a direct-to-consumer digital app that provides various financial products and services to retail customers. 

37 

Our largest distribution channel is the FA Business,
operating under the brand name Focus. With its large salesforce of financial advisors, Focus provides a wide range of financial
products and independent advisory services to individual and corporate customers, primarily in connection with life insurance products.
Our FA Business has been the clear market leader in the insurance brokerage industry in Hong Kong for decades, building up a large and
highly productive salesforce. As of December 31, 2022, there were around 1,600 financial advisors at Focus , organized into
32 sales teams. Each team is led by a tree head , responsible for managing the financial advisors within their teams. 

In addition to the FA Business, during 2022, we
expanded our distribution footprint with the establishment and expansion of a number of additional distribution channels, collectively
known as our Alternative Distribution Business. These distribution channels are targeted at specific customer segments and/or capturing
specific distribution opportunities. 

Combined with our Digital Business, we now have
a well-diversified range of distribution channels and capabilities. 

During 2022, we continued to make significant
investments into developing and expanding our financial advisors salesforce, broadening and deepening the product range, as well as upgrading
the supporting infrastructure. Our infrastructure not only supports the financial consultants in engaging with their customers, it also
provides extensive operational support in relation to the processing of transactions, associated payment flows, as well as after-sales
services. Building our infrastructure required substantial investments into technological, operational and financial systems, as well
as the development of comprehensive operational and support teams (operations support, customer services, payments, etc.). Since many
of the financial products offered to our customers are regulated, on top of the various operational requirements, we have built significant
internal capabilities in the areas of risk and internal control, as well as legal and compliance to ensure an appropriate level of regulatory
compliance and supervision. 

As a result of our efforts to expand our distribution
capabilities and improve our supporting infrastructure, we have successfully developed these
inter-related strategic assets: 

Vast
 customer base in Hong Kong and growing customer base in Mainland China. 

State-of-the-art
 supporting infrastructure. 

Relationships
 with and access to a broad range of leading global financial product providers. 

Deep
 market knowledge and understanding. 

Highly
 productive and well-trained salesforce. 

We will continue to capitalize on these core strategic
assets and match them with the emerging opportunities in our three core industries (life insurance, wealth management and healthcare). 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
made 24.6 million from commission in the Distribution Business. The revenue attributed to the Company during 2022 only captured an insignificant
portion of the revenues actually generated by the financial advisors currently associated with Focus. 

Upon the re-opening of China Border, we will continue
to widen our distribution footprint and actively explore further opportunities to develop partnerships and generate customer leads on
the ground in Mainland China, as well as refining our abilities to service our customer base. We expect sales volumes to return to the
levels previously recorded, prior to the pandemic period, especially with the re-opening of the Mainland border and the ongoing integration
of Hong Kong into the Greater Bay area. 

38 

Platform Business 

The Platform business, through OPH and its subsidiaries,
is a one-stop financial supermarket with a breadth of products and services that is unrivaled in Hong Kong sourced from leading global
product providers. 

The Platform Business was set up to take advantage
of the decades-long experience we built up in supporting the largest financial advisors salesforce in Hong Kong. We were already servicing
a large pool of customers and in the process, built up a wide library of world class financial products and constructed a state-of-the-art
technological and operational infrastructure. 

The Platform Business now operates this full-service
platform under its OnePlatform brand and has opened it up to banks, other financial institutions, family offices, brokers,
and individual independent financial advisors that are looking for support in advising and serving their retail clients. 

Our technology-enabled Platform Business offers
a wide range of financial products, covering life insurance, pensions, property-casualty insurance, stock brokerage, mutual funds, money
lending and real estate agency. 

In addition to its unrivaled product-shelf, the
Platform Business offers digital-enabled sales management and support solutions, business operations support, comprehensive customer services,
and training support. 

Currently, our platform financial services and
investment products mainly comprise mutual fund distributions, portfolio management, money lending, insurance and Mandatory Provident
Fund (MPF) products, and international real estate referral and brokerage services, as discussed below:- 

As of December 31, 2022, OnePlatform made 6.3
million in commissions and recurring service fees representing a 34 decline from 2021. 2022 revenues reflect only commission
and service fees generated after the business combination effected in November 2022. OnePlatform also made 0.2 million in interest income
from loans it granted to customers. OnePlatform further made commission income from the agency of real estate projects. 

The OnePlatform brand currently covers 44 insurance
providers selling 657 products, and 40 asset management fund houses with over 1,000 products. 

Fintech Business 

The Fintech Business has collected an ensemble
of valuable fintech assets in its investment portfolio. Fintech Business management team has strived to establish the business
as a leading name in the fintech investment sector. 

Core Fintech investments held under the Fintech
Business as of December 31, 2022 include: 

1. An investment in Tandem Money Limited, a UK digital bank. 

2. An investment in CurrencyFair Limited, a B2B and B2C payments
company. 

3. An investment in Oscar Health Inc., a US direct-to-consumer
digital health insurer. 

4. An investment in Goxip Inc., a fashion media platform based
in Hong Kong. 

5. An investment in LC Healthcare Fund I, L.P., a PRC healthcare
and healthtech investment fund. 

39 

Carrying amount in 
US thousands (1) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Tandem Money Limited 
 16,031 
 17,912 
 
 CurrencyFair Limited 
 5,718 
 5,790 
 
 Oscar Health Inc. 
 2,443 
 7,795 
 
 Goxip Inc. 
 513 
 1,271 
 
 LC Healthcare Fund I, L.P. 
 11,805 

Notes: 

(1) Carrying amount represents Fintech s attributable interest
in the investment portfolio asset. 

The Fintech Business previous investments
include an investment in Nutmeg, a UK-based digital wealth manager, focused on robo-advisory and digital wealth management services. In
June 2021, JPMorgan Chase complete its 100 acquisition of Nutmeg. 

Healthcare Business 

We currently hold a 4 equity stake in HCMPS,
one of the leading healthcare management organizations in Hong Kong. 

Founded in 1979 and currently operating under
the Dr. Jones Fok Associates Medical Scheme Management Limited JFA brand, JFA is one of the most reputed healthcare
brands in Hong Kong. It has four self-operated medical centres and a network of over 700 healthcare service providers providing
healthcare schemes for more than 500 corporate clients with over 300,000 scheme members. JFA s clients include blue chip companies
from various industry and leading insurers. Apart from Hong Kong, JFA is the largest operator in Macau with around 70 clinics. 

JFA operates a city-wide medical network that
includes 340 general practitioners GP ), 11 laboratories and imaging centers, 273 specialist doctors, 25 physiotherapy centers,
12 Chinese medicine practitioner clinics, all based in Hong Kong, and 69 GP clinics in Macau. Over 380,000 out-patient and in-patient
visits are recorded annually through HCMPS s medical network. JFA offers its patients a full range of medical services, including
general services, specialist services, physiotherapy, Chinese medicine, dental, vaccination, X-ray, laboratories and imaging services. 

We believe that the future of healthcare is in
 Smart Health technology that offers improved patient-care management and leverages data as the new tool for solving
complex healthcare challenges with reduced operating costs. We will focus on technology/digitalization and consumerization of healthcare
to create an ecosystem empowering customers to proactively manage their health and well-being and to improve their access to healthcare
at a lower cost with connectivity across the care continuum. We believe that JFA has the captive customer base, infrastructure
and product/service offerings to optimize customer experience to further grab market share. 

We are currently working to transform JFA into
the best medical care institution in Asia by 2025, redefining industry standards in the Greater Bay Area and offering market-leading customer
care and best-in-class infrastructure empowered by data analytics. 

Recent Development 

Business Combination 

On November 14, 2022, we consummated the Business
Combination with AGBA Acquisition Limited. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, AGBA Acquisition Limited became, through an
acquisition merger, the 100 owner of the issued and outstanding securities of each of TAG International Limited B2B or
 TIL and TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited Fintech or TAC , 
in exchange for 55,500,000 ordinary shares of AGBA, par value US 0.001 per share to TAG (subject to certain indemnity holdback provisions
as outlined in the Business Combination Agreement). For more information, see Note 4 to the Company s consolidated financial statements,
Reverse Recapitalization with AGBA Acquisition Limited. 

40 

The Business Combination is anticipated to be
accounted for as a reverse merger in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, we will be treated as the acquired 
company for financial reporting purposes. This determination was primarily based on TAG s majority of the voting power of the post-combination
company, TAG s senior management comprising all of the senior management of the post-combination company, and our operations comprising
the ongoing operations of the post-combination company. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination will be treated
as the equivalent of our issuing shares for the net assets of AGBA, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of AGBA will be
stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination will be
our continuing operation. 

Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations and Future Performance 

We believe that our financial performance has
been, and in the foreseeable future will continue to be, primarily driven by multiple factors as described below, each of which presents
growth opportunities for our business. These factors also pose important challenges that we must successfully address in order to sustain
our growth and improve our results of operations. Our ability to successfully address these challenges is subject to various risks and
uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 

Key Components of Results of Operations 

Currently, we are operating the below business
segments and generating operating revenue streams as follows: 

Segments 
 
 Operating Revenues from Major Business
 Activities 

Distribution Business 
 
 - 
 Facilitating the placement of insurance, investment, real estate and other financial products and services to our customers, through licensed brokers, in exchange for initial and ongoing commissions received from product providers, including insurance companies, fund houses and other product specialists. 

Platform Business 
 
 In exchange for receiving platform commissions or fees: 

- 
 Providing access to financial products and services to licensed brokers. 

- 
 Providing operational support for the submission and processing of product applications. 

- 
 Providing supporting tools for commission calculations, customer engagement, sales team management, customer conversion, etc. 

- 
 Providing training resources and materials. 

- 
 Facilitating the placement of investment products for the fund and/or product provider, in exchange for the fund management services 

- 
 Providing the lending services whereby the Company makes secured and/or unsecured loans to creditworthy customers 

- 
 Solicitation of real estate sales for the developers, in exchange for commissions 

Fintech Business 
 
 - 
 Managing an ensemble of fintech investments 

Healthcare Business 
 
 - 
 Managing healthcare investment 

All of the Company s revenues were generated
in Hong Kong. 

41 

Operating Revenue and Other Gain (Loss) 

We have disaggregated our operating revenue from
contracts with customers into categories based on the nature of the revenue, as well as other gains (losses) from our investment portfolio.
The following table presents the revenue streams by segments, with the presentation of revenue categories presented on the consolidated
statements of operations for the years indicated: 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Distribution Business # 
 Platform Business 
 Fintech Business 
 Healthcare Business 
 Total 

Interest income 

Loans 
 - 
 176,175 
 - 
 - 
 176,175 

Non-interest incomes: 

Commissions 
 24,610,309 
 1,951,382 
 - 
 - 
 26,561,691 
 
 Recurring service fee 
 - 
 4,342,361 
 - 
 - 
 4,342,361 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Total revenues 
 24,610,309 
 6,469,918 
 - 
 - 
 31,080,227 

Investment loss, net 
 - 
 - 
 (8,937,431 
 - 
 (8,937,431 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

Distribution Business 
 Platform Business 
 Fintech Business 
 Healthcare Business 
 Total 

Interest income 

Loans 
 - 
 961,522 
 - 
 - 
 961,522 

Non-interest incomes: 

Commissions 
 929,555 
 4,238,678 
 - 
 - 
 5,168,233 
 
 Recurring service fee 
 - 
 5,338,848 
 - 
 - 
 5,338,848 
 
 Total revenues 
 929,555 
 10,539,048 
 - 
 - 
 11,468,603 

Investment income, net 
 - 
 - 
 130,255,232 
 - 
 130,255,232 

# 
 prior to the consummation of Business Combination, which was effected in November 2022, commissions generated by the financial advisors currently associated with Focus, along with associated potential platform commissions and fees, were attributable to the Legacy Group. 

Operating Costs 

Commission Expense 

Commission expense represent
the portion of premiums from insurance or investment products retained by financial consultants, pursuant to the terms of their respective
contracts. Commission rates vary by market due to local practice, competition and regulations. Commissions fluctuate directly in relation
to sales volume. 

Sales and Marketing Expense 

Sales and Marketing Expense primarily consist
of personnel-related costs attributable to our sales and marketing personnel, marketing expense for brand promotion and spending on marketing
programs to launch the insurance and investments products distributed by consultants. 

Technology Expense 

Technology expense primarily include personnel-related
costs attributable to our IT team, technology contractors, server facilities expenses, telecommunications expenses, software and hardware
expenses to support and maintain the Platform Business infrastructure. 

42 

Personnel and Benefit Expense 

Personnel and benefit expense primarily consist
of personnel-related costs and benefits, stock-based compensation costs for employees in our executive, accounting and finance, project
management, corporate development, office administration, legal and human resources functions. 

Other General and Administrative Expenses 

Other general and administrative expenses
primarily consist of rent and facilities expenses allocated based upon total direct costs, as well as, professional services fees,
such as consulting, audit, tax and legal fees, general corporate costs and allocated overhead expenses. 

We expect that our general and administrative
expenses will continue to increase in future periods, primarily due to increased headcount to support anticipated growth in our Distribution
and Platform Businesses, and due to incremental costs associated with operating as a public company, including costs to comply with the
rules and regulations applicable to companies listed on a securities exchange and costs related to compliance and reporting obligations
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC and stock exchange listing standards, public relations, insurance and professional services. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31,
2022 and 2021: 

The following tables set forth our results of operations for the years
presented in U.S. dollars (in thousands) : 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Revenues: 

Interest income: 

Loans 
 176 
 962 
 (786 
 (81.70 
 
 Total interest income 
 176 
 962 
 (786 
 (81.70 
 
 Non-interest income: 

Commissions 
 26,562 
 5,168 
 21,394 
 413.97 
 
 Recurring service fees 
 3,372 
 4,392 
 (1,020 
 (23.22 
 
 Total non-interest income 
 29,934 
 9,560 
 20,374 
 213.12 
 
 Total revenues from others 
 30,110 
 10,522 
 19,588 
 186.16 
 
 Non-interest income: 

Recurring service fees 
 970 
 947 
 23 
 2.43 
 
 Total revenues from related parties 
 970 
 947 
 23 
 2.43 
 
 Total revenues 
 31,080 
 11,469 
 19,611 
 170.99 
 
 Operating cost and expenses: 

Interest expense 
 (141 
 (484 
 (343 
 (70.87 
 
 Commission expense 
 (18,823 
 (3,866 
 14,957 
 386.89 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 (11,142 
 (206 
 10,936 
 5,308.74 
 
 Technology expense 
 (1,209 
 (414 
 795 
 192.03 
 
 Personnel and benefit expense 
 (21,928 
 (9,153 
 12,775 
 139.57 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 (6,188 
 (5,793 
 395 
 6.82 
 
 Total operating cost and expenses 
 (59,431 
 (19,916 
 39,515 
 198.41 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (28,351 
 (8,447 
 19,904 
 235.63 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Bank interest income 
 99 
 48 
 51 
 106.25 
 
 Interest income, related party 
 
 204 
 (204 
 (100 
 
 Foreign exchange loss, net 
 (2,643 
 (915 
 1,728 
 188.85 
 
 Loss on equity method investments 
 
 (1,597 
 (1,597 
 (100 
 
 Investment (loss) income, net 
 (8,937 
 130,255 
 (139,192 
 (106,86 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 9 
 
 9 
 N/A 
 
 Change in fair value of forward share purchase liability 
 (5,393 
 
 5,393 
 N/A 
 
 Rental income 
 315 
 
 315 
 N/A 
 
 Sundry income 
 505 
 421 
 84 
 19.95 
 
 Total other (expense) income, net 
 (16,045 
 128,416 
 (144,461 
 (112.49 
 
 (Loss) income before income taxes 
 (44,396 
 119,969 
 (164,365 
 (137.01 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (125 
 (23,505 
 (23,380 
 (99.47 
 
 NET (LOSS) INCOME 
 (44,521 
 96,464 
 (140,985 
 (146.15 

43 

Revenue 

The following table summarizes the major operating
revenues from the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding year ended December 31, 2021: 

Years ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Business segment 

Distribution Business 
 24,610 
 930 
 23,680 
 2,546.24 
 
 Platform Business 
 6,470 
 10,539 
 (4,069 
 (38.61 
 
 Fintech Business 

Healthcare Business 

TOTAL 
 31,080 
 11,469 
 19,611 
 170.99 

Distribution Business 

The Distribution
Business contributed 79.18 and 8.11 of the total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Income from the
Distribution Business mainly related to commissions earned, which significantly increased by US 23.7 million, or 2,546.24 , from US 0.9 million
in 2021 to US 24.6 million in 2022. The largest segment of the Distribution Business is our FA Business, operated under the Focus 
brand name. Prior to the consummation of Business Combination, which was effected in November 2022, commissions generated by the financial
advisors currently associated with Focus, along with associated potential platform commissions and fees, were attributable to the Legacy
Group and as such not reflected in the results for the Distribution Business for 2022 and 2021. 

Summarized
revenue breakdown by product and type of contracts: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

By product: 

Life insurance 
 23,849 
 707 
 23,142 
 3,273.27 
 
 Property-casualty insurance 
 205 
 25 
 180 
 720.00 
 
 Mandatory provident fund and related revenues 
 556 
 198 
 358 
 180.81 

24,610 
 930 
 23,680 
 2,546.24 

By the type of contracts: 

New and or current year 
 23,597 
 262 
 23,335 
 8,906.49 
 
 Recurring 
 1,013 
 668 
 345 
 51.65 

24,610 
 930 
 23,680 
 2,546.24 

Platform Business 

The Platform Business contributed 20.82 and
91.89 of the total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Commissions 
 1,951 
 4,239 
 (2,288 
 (53.97 
 
 Recurring service fees 
 4,343 
 5,339 
 (996 
 (18.66 
 
 Loans 
 176 
 961 
 (785 
 (81.69 

6,470 
 10,539 
 (4,069 
 (38.61 

44 

Operating Expenses 

Commission Expense 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Distribution Business 
 16,840 
 332 
 16,508 
 4,972.29 
 
 Platform Business 
 1,983 
 3,534 
 (1,551 
 (43.89 
 
 Fintech Business 

Healthcare Business 

Total 
 18,823 
 3,866 
 14,957 
 386.89 

The Distribution Business contributed 89.47 and
8.59 of the total commission expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Commission expense for the Distribution
Business increased by US 16.5 million, or 4,972.29 , from US 0.3 million in 2021 to US 16.8 million in 2022. As a result
of the increase in revenue associated with the Distribution Business, commission expense significantly increased. 

Sales and Marketing Expense 

Sales and Marketing expense increased by US 10.9
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in sales and marketing expense
mainly reflects spending associated with AGBA corporate branding and associated product campaigns, celebrating it s
the successful listing, through public relations, corporate video and campaigns, digital marketing and public advertisements. 

Technology Expense 

Technology
expense increased by US 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
was primarily due to increased headcount to support anticipated growth in the business and platform expansion. 

Personnel and Benefit Expense 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Personnel and benefit 
 19,839 
 9,153 
 10,686 
 116.75 
 
 Share based compensation 
 2,089 
 
 2,089 
 100.00 
 
 Total 
 21,928 
 9,153 
 12,775 
 139.57 

Personnel and benefit cost increased by
US 10.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily
due to the increased headcount to support the continuing growth of the Platform Business and Distribution Business. 

Share-Based Compensation 

Upon the Closing of the Business Combination,
the Share Award Scheme (the Scheme was approved and adopted to recognize the contributions to the Business Combination
by eligible employees, directors, and consultants and to retain them for our continuing operations and the development of our businesses. 

45 

On December 13, 2022, we granted 5,507,600 ordinary
shares under the Scheme. 507,600 ordinary shares were vested immediately on the date of grant for compensating the contributions and prior
services by and performance of eligible employees. The remaining 5,000,000 ordinary shares were granted as restricted share units RSUs to employees and consultants as additional compensation. These RSUs typically are vested over one to four years period from 2023 to 2026.
The weighted average grant-date fair value of the shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.47 per share. 

On December 29, 2022, we granted 438,500 ordinary
shares under the Scheme to the directors and officers of the Company. The weighted average grant-date fair value of the shares granted
during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.91 per share. 

During 
 the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded US 2.1 million in share-based
compensation expense. There was no such expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other General and Administrative Expense 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Depreciation 
 393 
 45 
 348 
 773.33 
 
 Financial data subscription expense 
 532 
 214 
 318 
 148.60 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 1,266 
 2,057 
 (791 
 (38.45 
 
 Management fee expense 
 3,190 
 2,464 
 726 
 29.46 
 
 Rent and facility expenses 
 
 655 
 (655 
 (100.00 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 807 
 358 
 449 
 125.42 
 
 Total 
 6,188 
 5,793 
 395 
 6.82 

Total other general and administrative expenses
increased by US 0.4 million, or 6.82 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The
net increase was mainly due to the increase in financial data subscription expenses of US 0.3 million, depreciation of US 0.3 million,
management fee expense of US 0.7 million, others of US 0.4 million, offset by a decrease in legal and professional fees of US 0.8 million
and rent and facility expense of US 0.7 million. 

Loss from Operations 

Loss from operations increased by US 19.9 million,
or 235.63 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly attributable
to the increase in operating expenses of US 39.5 million. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Bank Interest Income 

Bank interest income increased by US 0.05 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Interest Income, Related Party 

No interest income was earned for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared to US 0.2 million of interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest income, related
party mainly represented the bond interest income derived from certain corporate bonds issued by the shareholder, which were purchased
in September 2020. 

Foreign Exchange Loss, net 

Foreign exchange loss mainly represented the unrealized
net foreign exchange loss from the translation of long-term investments which are mostly denominated in Sterling. The net foreign exchange
loss increased by US 1.73 million or 188.85 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
due to the stronger Sterling exchange rate. 

46 

Loss on Equity Method Investments 

No loss on equity method investment was shared
by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Loss on equity method investment
mainly represented our share of the investees losses in Nutmeg, which was fully sold in September 2021. 

Investment (Loss) Income, Net 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

(US in thousands) 

Unrealized loss in marketable equity securities 
 (5,331 
 (12,399 
 (7,068 
 (57.00 
 
 Unrealized gain in non-marketable equity securities 
 2,137 
 3,532 
 (1,395 
 (39.50 
 
 Unrealized loss in non-marketable equity securities 
 (6,898 
 - 
 6,898 
 N/A 
 
 Realized gain 
 - 
 139,122 
 (139,122 
 (100.00 
 
 Dividend income 
 1,155 
 - 
 1,155 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 (8,937 
 130,255 
 (139,192 
 (106.86 

Investment loss increased by US 139.2 million,
or 106.86 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, mainly as a result of the realized
gain on the sale of our investment into Nutmeg of US 139.1 million during the year ended December 31 2021. 

Change in fair value of forward share purchase
liability 

The forward share purchase liability FSP
liability under the Meteora Backstop Agreement is valued using a Black-Scholes model, which is considered to be Level 3 fair value
measurement on a recurring basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in fair value of liability was 5.4 million, as recognized
in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Rental Income 

Rental income increased by US 0.3 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which was earned from the leasing of our owned office
premises. 

Income Tax Expense 

Income tax expense decreased by US 23.4 million,
or 99.47 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily attributable to potential
tax provision related to the capital gain on equity investments realized during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net (Loss) Income 

Net loss increased by US 141.0 million, or
146.15 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021, due primarily to the realized gain on the sale of our
investment into Nutmeg during the year ended December 31 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 

We have a history of operating losses and negative
cash flow. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we achieved profitability primarily due to cash proceeds of approximately US 186.82 million
from the sale of its investment (Nutmeg) during the year. The remaining balance from the sale proceeds of US 1.86 million was subsequently
received in January 2022. We, in turn, repaid a net amount of approximately US 163.80 million to the shareholder to pay off outstanding
debt, and paid US 7.18 million as earnest deposit for the purchase of an office premise from the shareholder. Also, we paid US 3.43 million
for the addition in long-term investments. As of December 31, 2021, we had a cash balance of US 38.6 million. 

47 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported
a net loss of US 44.52 million and reported a negative operating cash flow of US 19.30 million. As of December 31, 2022, our cash balance
was US 6.45 million for working capital use. Our management estimates that currently available cash will not be able to provide sufficient
funds to meet the planned obligations for the next 12 months starting December 31, 2022. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent on our ability to successfully implement our plans. Our management believes that it will be able to continue to grow our revenue
base and control expenditures. In parallel, AGBA continually monitors its capital structure and operating plans and evaluates various
potential funding alternatives that may be needed in order to finance our business development activities, general and administrative
expenses, and growth strategy. These alternatives include external borrowings, raising funds through public equity, or tapping debt markets.
Although there is no assurance that, if needed, we will be able to pursue these fundraising initiatives and have access to the capital
markets going forward. The consolidated financial statements attached to this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

On November 14, 2022, we completed our business
combination with AGBA Acquisition Limited. We renamed the combined entity AGBA Group Holding Limited and our ordinary shares
and warrants began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on November 15, 2022 under the ticker symbols AGBA and AGBAW, 
respectively. 

Future Liquidity 

On a recurring basis, the primary future cash
needs of the Company will be focused on operating activities, working capital, capital expenditures, investment, regulatory and compliance
costs. The ability of the Company to fund these needs will depend, in part, on its ability to generate or raise cash in the future, which
is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond its control. 

Following the completion of Business Combination,
we will independently manage the capital structure of the Company and our sources of liquidity. The ability to fund our operating needs
will depend on its future ability to continue to generate positive cash flow from operations and raise capital in the capital markets.
Our management believe that we will meet known or reasonably likely future cash requirements through the combination of cash flows from
operating activities, available cash balances, and external borrowings and fund raising. Our management expects that the primary cash
requirements in 2023 will be to fund capital expenditures for (i) expansion of the Platform Business and (ii) fintech investments. 

If our sources of liquidity need to be augmented,
additional cash requirements would likely need to be financed through the issuance of debt or equity securities; however, there can be
no assurances that we will be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, or at all, in the future. 

We expect that operating losses could continue
into the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in growing our businesses. Based upon our current operating plans, our management
believes that cash and equivalents will not be able to provide sufficient funds to its operations for at least the next 12 months from
the date of its consolidated financial statements provided with this Form 10-K. However, these forecasts involve risks and uncertainties,
and actual results could vary materially. Our management has based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could
deplete our capital resources sooner than we expect. See Liquidity and Going Concern below. 

Our future capital requirements may vary materially
from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenues growth, the timing and extent of spending
on sales and marketing, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing of new product introductions, market acceptance of
our brand, and overall economic conditions. We may also seek additional capital to fund our operations, including through the sale of
equity or debt financings. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the future sale of equity, the ownership interest of
our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect
the rights of our existing shareholders. The incurrence of debt financing would result in debt service obligations and the instruments
governing such debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. 

Cash Flows 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash
equivalents totalling 6.4 million, and 44.8 million in restricted cash. 

As of December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash
equivalents totalling 38.6 million, and 34.5 million in restricted cash. 

48 

Comparison of the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

The following table summarizes our cash flows
for the years presented: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(US in thousands) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (19,304 
 (2,154 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (14,189 
 177,494 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 12,135 
 (163,872 
 
 Effect on exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 
 (429 
 (155 
 
 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (21,787 
 11,313 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the beginning 
 73,081 
 61,768 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the end 
 51,294 
 73,081 
 
 Representing as:- 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 6,450 
 38,595 
 
 Restricted cash forward share purchase agreement 
 15,356 

Restricted cash fund held in escrow 
 29,488 
 34,486 

51,294 
 73,081 

The following table sets forth a summary of our
working capital: 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Variance 

Total Current Assets 
 55,756 
 83,779 
 (28,023 
 (33.45 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 97,021 
 61,364 
 35,657 
 58.11 
 
 Working Capital (Deficit) 
 (41,265 
 22,415 
 (63,680 
 (284.10 

Working Capital (Deficit) 

The working deficit as of December 31, 2022 amounted
to approximately US 41.27 million, as compared to working capital of approximately US 22.42 million at December 31, 2021.
The decline in working capital was mainly due to the additional operating capital deployed in the business expansion. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was US 19.30 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash used in operating activities of US 2.15 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of a net loss of US 44.52 million, a decrease in loans receivable of US 2.32
million, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of US 10.88 million. These amounts were partially offset by the increase
in accounts receivable of US 1.95 million, deposits, prepayments, and other receivable of US 0.20 million, decrease in escrow liabilities
of US 5.00 million, income tax payable of US 0.28 million and non-cash adjustments consisting of unrealized investment loss of US 8.94 million,
net foreign exchange loss of US 2.64 million, share based compensation of US 2.09 million, change in fair value of forward share purchase
liability of US 5.39 million and depreciation of property and equipment of US 0.39 million. 

Net cash used in operating activities for
the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily the result of the net income of US 96.46 million, decreases in accounts receivable of US 1.74
million, loans receivable of US 16.73 million, and an increase in income tax payable of US 22.93 million. These amounts were partially
offset by non-cash adjustments, consisting of realized gain on sale of Nutmeg of US 139.16 million, loss on equity method investments
of US 1.60 million, unrealized investment loss of US 8.87 million, an increase in deposits, prepayments, and other receivables of US 1.98
million, a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of US 0.43 million and a decrease in escrow liabilities of US 9.80 million. 

49 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022 of US 14.19 million was primarily due to proceeds from sale of investments of US 1.85 million,
and dividend received from long-term investments of 1.15 million, offset by the addition in long-term investments of US 16.23 million, and the purchase of property and equipment of US 0.97 million. 

Net cash provided by investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2021 of US 177.49 million, was primarily due to the proceeds from the sale of Nutmeg of US 186.82 million,
the proceeds from the redemption of short-term bond of US 1.29 million, partially offset by the addition in long-term investments of US 3.43
million and the payment of earnest deposit of US 7.18 million for the purchase of an office premise from the shareholder. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022 of US 12.14 million was primarily due to advances from the shareholder of US 9.75 million, proceeds from
borrowings of US 4.46 million, cash proceeds from reverse recapitalization of US 15.36 million, offset by the dividend distribution of
US 17.44 million to the shareholder that occurred in early 2022. 

Net cash used in financing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2021 of US 163.87 million, was primarily due to the repayment of the shareholder s loan of US 163.80 million. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

Our consolidated financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The management of the Company estimates that currently available cash will not be able to provide sufficient
funds to meet the Company s planned obligations for the next 12 months from the date that these consolidated financial statements
were made available to be issued. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we
reported a net loss of approximately US 44.52 million. With a significant increase in our operating costs, described in the paragraph
below, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately US 39.40 million as of December 31, 2022. 

However, coupled with its business expansion,
we reported significant sales growth with annual revenue of approximately US 31.08 million during 2022 (2021: US 11.47 million), and resulting
with an operating loss of approximately US 28.35 million (2021: US 8.45 million). We expect to continue our business growth, while closely
monitoring our future spending. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent on the management s ability to successfully implement its plans. Our management team believes that we will be able to
continue to grow our revenue base and control our expenditures. In parallel, our management team will continually monitor our capital
structure and operating plans and evaluate various potential funding alternatives that may be needed in order to finance our business
development activities, general and administrative expenses and growth strategy. 

We intend to raise additional capital through
private placements of debt and equity securities, but there can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable,
or will be sufficient to enable us to fully complete its development activities or sustain operations. If we are unable to raise sufficient
additional funds, we will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead, or scale back our current
business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan
will be successful. 

Material Cash Requirements 

We reported a net loss during the year ended December
31, 2022. However, we expect to generate profitable operating results within the foreseeable future, after a full recovery from the anti-pandemic
policy in Hong Kong and getting access to the collective sales capabilities force of the sale channels associated with our distribution
business. Our management expects sales volumes to return to levels previously recorded at the predecessor company prior to the pandemic,
especially with the re-opening of the Mainland border and the ongoing integration of Hong Kong into the Greater Bay area . As a
result, management expects our net cash position to expand in 2023 and to be in excess of 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of US 39.40 million. Our material cash requirements are highly dependent upon additional financial support associated with our
its business operations for the next 12 18 months. 

50 

Capital commitments 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no capital
commitments. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We are not party to any off-balance sheet transactions.
We have no guarantees or obligations other than those which arise out of normal business operations. 

We have not engaged in any off-balance sheet financial
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, net revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. 

We do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, or VIEs, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our audited consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements,
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods and the related disclosures in the audited consolidated financial
statements and accompanying footnotes. Out of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 2 Summary
of significant accounting policies of our audited consolidated financial statements included under Item 8 of Part II in this Annual
Report, certain accounting policies are deemed critical, as they require our management s highest degree of judgment,
estimates and assumptions. While our management believes our judgments, estimates and assumptions are reasonable, they are based on information
presently available and actual results may differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
are presented in United States dollars US or and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

The Business Combination was accounted for as
a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP (the Reverse Recapitalization ). Under this method of accounting,
AGBA is treated as the acquired company and both of TIL and TAC are treated as the acquirer for financial reporting purposes.
Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Reverse Recapitalization was treated as the equivalent of TIL and TAC issuing stock for the
net assets of AGBA, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of AGBA are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other
intangible assets recorded. Both of TIL and TAC were determined to be the accounting acquirer based on the following predominant factors: 

TIL and TAC s shareholders have a
majority of voting rights in the Company; 

the Board and senior management are primarily composed of
individuals associated with TIL and TAC; 

the operations of TIL and TAC comprise the ongoing operations
of the Company. 

The consolidated assets, liabilities and results
of operations prior to the Reverse Recapitalization are those of TIL and TAC. On the Closing Date, and subject to the terms and conditions
of the Business Combination Agreement, AGBA became, through an acquisition merger, 100 owner of the issued and outstanding shares of
each TIL and TAC, in exchange for 55,500,000 AGBA Shares. The shares and corresponding capital amounts and losses per share, prior to
the Business Combination, have been retroactively restated in the consolidated financial statements. 

51 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the years presented. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company s consolidated financial
statements include the useful lives of property and equipment, impairment of long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, share-based compensation, warrant liabilities, forward share purchase liability, provision for contingent liabilities, revenue recognition,
income tax provision, deferred taxes and uncertain tax position, and allocation of expenses from the shareholder. 

The inputs into the management s judgments
and estimates consider the economic implications of COVID-19 on the Company s critical and significant accounting estimates. Actual
results could differ from these estimates. 

Long-Term Investments, net 

The Company invests in debt securities, equity
securities with readily determinable fair values, equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair values, and equity method
investments. 

Investment in debt securities consist of corporate
bonds issued by the Company s shareholder. Debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity and carried at cost, adjusted for
the amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts using the level-yield method over the remaining period until maturity. Purchase
premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the terms of the securities. 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair
values are carried at fair value with any unrealized gains or losses reported in earnings. 

Equity securities that do not have readily determinable
fair values mainly consist of investments in privately-held companies. They are accounted for, at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus
changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. 

Investments in an entity in which the ownership
is greater than 20 but less than 50 , or where other facts and circumstances indicate that the Company has the ability to exercise significant
influence over the operating and financing policies of an entity, are accounted for using the equity method in accordance with ASC Topic
323: Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures . Equity method investments are recorded initially at cost and adjusted
subsequently to recognize the share of the earnings, losses or other changes in capital of the investee entity after the date of acquisition.
The Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. 

At each reporting period, the Company makes a
qualitative assessment considering impairment indicators to evaluate whether the investment is impaired. 

Warrant Liabilities 

The Company accounts
for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms
and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC
Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial
instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements
for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether
the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control,
among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the
time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

52 

For issued or modified
warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at
the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required
to be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in
the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company
accounts for its Public Warrants as equity and the Private Warrants as liabilities. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company receives certain portion of its non-interest
income from contracts with customers, which are accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASC 606 ). 

ASC Topic 606 provided the following overview
of how revenue is recognized from the Company s contracts with customers: The Company recognizes revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods or services. 

Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer. 

Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in
the contract. 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price 
The transaction price is the amount of consideration in a contract to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring
promised goods or services to a customer. 

Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the
performance obligations in the contract Any entity typically allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on
the basis of the relative standalone selling prices of each distinct good or service promised in the contract. 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity
satisfies a performance obligation An entity recognizes revenue when (or as) it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring
a promised good or service to a customer (which is when the customer obtains control of that good or service). The amount of revenue recognized
is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation. A performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time (typically
for promises to transfer goods to a customer) or over time (typically for promises to transfer service to a customer). 

Certain portion of the Company s income
is derived from contracts with customers, and as such, the revenue recognized depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to its
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
The Company considers the terms of the contract and all relevant facts and circumstances when applying this guidance. The Company s
revenue recognition policies are in compliance with ASC 606, as follows: 

Commissions 

The Company earns commissions from the sale of
investment products to customers. The Company enters into commission agreements with customers which specify the key terms and conditions
of the arrangement. Commissions are separately negotiated for each transaction and generally do not include rights of return, credits
or discounts, rebates, price protection or other similar privileges, and typically paid on or shortly after the transaction is completed.
Upon the purchase of an investment product, the Company earns commission from customers, calculated as a fixed percentage of the investment
products acquired by its customers. The Company defines the purchase of an investment product for its revenue recognition
purpose as the time when the customers referred by the Company has entered into a subscription contract with the relevant product provider
and, if required, the customer has transferred a deposit to an escrow account designated by the Company to complete the purchase of the
investment products. After the contract is established, there are no significant judgments made when determining the commission price.
Therefore, commissions are recorded at point in time when the investment product is purchased. 

53 

The Company also facilitates the arrangement between
insurance providers and individuals or businesses by providing insurance placement services to the insured and is compensated in the form
of commission from the respective insurance providers. The Company primarily facilitates the placement of life, general and MPF insurance
products. The Company determines that insurance providers are the customers. 

The Company primarily earns commission income
arising from the facilitation of the placement of an effective insurance policy, which is recognized at a point in time when the performance
obligation has been satisfied upon execution of the insurance policy as the Company has no future or ongoing obligation with respect to
such policies. The commission fee rate, which is paid by the insurance providers, based on the terms specified in the service contract
which are agreed between the Company and insurance providers for each insurance product being facilitated through the Company. The commission
earned is equal to a percentage of the premium paid to the insurance provider. Commission from renewed policies is variable consideration
and is recognized in subsequent periods when the uncertainty around variable consideration is subsequently resolved (e.g., when customer
renews the policy). 

In accordance with ASC 606, Revenue Recognition:
Principal Agent Considerations , the Company evaluates the terms in the agreements with its channels and independent contractors to
determine whether or not the Company acts as the principal or as an agent in the arrangement with each party respectively. The determination
of whether to record the revenue in a gross or net basis depends upon whether the Company has control over the services prior to transferring
it. Control is demonstrated by the Company which is primarily responsible for fulfilling the provision of placement services through the
Company s licensed insurance brokers to provide agency services. The commissions from insurance providers are recorded on a gross
basis and commission paid to independent contractors or channel costs are recorded as commission expense in the statements of operations. 

The Company also offers the sale solicitation
of real estate property to the final customers and is compensated in the form of commissions from the corresponding property developers
pursuant to the service contracts. Commission income is recognized at a point of time upon the sale contracts of real estate property
is signed and executed. 

Recurring
Service Fees 

The Company provides asset management services
to investment funds or investment product providers in exchange for recurring service fees. Recurring service fees are determined based
on the types of investment products the Company distributes and are calculated as a fixed percentage of the fair value of the total investment
of the investment products, calculated daily. These customer contracts require the Company to provide investment management services,
which represents a performance obligation that the Company satisfies over time. After the contract is established, there are no significant
judgments made when determining the transaction price. As the Company provides these services throughout the contract term, for the method
of calculating recurring service fees, revenue is calculated on a daily basis over the contract term, quarterly billed and recognized.
Recurring service agreements do not include rights of return, credits or discounts, rebates, price protection, performance component or
other similar privileges and the circumstances under which the fixed percentage fees, before determined, could be not subject to clawback.
Payment of recurring service fees are normally on a regular basis (typically monthly or quarterly). 

Interest Income 

The Company offers money lending services from
loan origination in form of mortgage and personal loans. Interest income is recognized monthly in accordance with their contractual terms
and recorded as interest income in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company does not charge prepayment penalties from its
customers. Interest income on mortgage and personal loans is recognized as it accrued using the effective interest method. Accrual of
interest income on mortgage loans is suspended at the earlier of the time at which collection of an account becomes doubtful or the account
becomes 180 days delinquent. 

54 

Share-Based Compensation 

The Company accounts for share-based compensation
in accordance with the fair value recognition provision of ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation . The Company grants share awards,
including ordinary shares and restricted share units, to eligible participants. Share-based compensation expense for share awards is measured
at fair value on the grant date. The fair value of restricted stock with either solely a service requirement or with the combination of
service and performance requirements is based on the closing fair market value of the ordinary shares on the date of grant. Share-based
compensation expense is recognized over the awards requisite service period. For awards with graded vesting that are subject only to a
service condition, the expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period for the entire award. 

Fair Value Measurement 

The Company follows the guidance of the ASC Topic
820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10 ), with respect to financial assets and liabilities that
are measured at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair
value as follows: 

Level 1 : Inputs are
based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets; 

Level 2 : Inputs are
based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active, and model-based valuation techniques (e.g. Black-Scholes Option-Pricing model) for which all significant inputs are observable
in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable,
these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs; and 

Level 3 : Inputs are generally
unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash
flow models. 

The carrying value of the Company s financial
instruments: cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, consideration receivable, deposits, prepayments and other
receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, escrow liabilities, borrowings approximate at their fair values because of the
short-term nature of these financial instruments. 

Management believes, based on the current market
prices or interest rates for similar debt instruments, the fair value of loans receivable approximates the carrying amount. The Company
accounts for loans receivable at cost, subject to impairment testing. 

55 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific point
in time based on relevant market information about the financial instruments. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties
and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect
the estimates. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company
as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that
are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

In June 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2022-03 Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale
Restrictions . These amendments clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of
the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. This guidance is effective for public
business entities for fiscal years, including interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company has assessed ASU 2022-03 and early adopted the guidance during the second quarter of 2022. The adoption did
not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit
Losses (Topic 326). The new standard amends guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis
and available-for-sale debt securities. In February 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-02, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses
(Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842) Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and
Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related to Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which
amends the effective date of the original pronouncement for smaller reporting companies. ASU 2016-13 and its amendments will
be effective for the Company for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company believes
the adoption will modify the way the Company analyses financial instruments, but it does not anticipate a material impact on results of
operations. The Company is in the process of determining the effects the adoption will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Except for
the above-mentioned pronouncements, there are no new recent issued accounting standards that will have a material impact on the consolidated
balance sheets, statements of operations and cash flows. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our financial statements and the notes thereto
begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Effective on September
1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum LLP Marcum and continued to operate as an independent registered
public accounting firm. Friedman continued to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm through September
30, 2022. On September 30 , 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company dismissed Friedman and engaged Marcum to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the year
ending December 31, 2022, effective immediately. The services previously provided by Friedman were provided by Marcum. 

56 

Friedman s reports
on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 did not contain an adverse
opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except
that the audit report on the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 contained an uncertainty
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the two most recent
fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the subsequent interim period through September 30, 2022, there were no disagreements
with Friedman on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which
disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Friedman, would have caused Friedman to make reference to the subject matter of
the disagreements in connection with its reports on the Company s consolidated financial statements for such years. Also, during
this time, there were no reportable events, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On November 24, 2022, the Board dismissed Friedman
as the independent registered public accounting firm of OnePlatform Holdings Limited and TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited, effective
as of such date. The audited combined financial statements of OnePlatform Holdings Limited and TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for each of the two-year period ended December 31, 2021 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer
of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, except for an explanatory paragraph
in such reports regarding substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. During the two fiscal years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and during the subsequent interim period from January 1, 2022 through November 24, 2022, (i) there were
no disagreements with Friedman on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or
procedures that, if not resolved to Friedman s satisfaction, would have caused Friedman to make reference to the subject matter
of the disagreement in connection with its reports and (ii) there were no reportable events as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K. 

On December 6, 2022, upon the recommendation of
the Audit Committee, the Board ratified the dismissal of Marcum as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm,
effective November 30, 2022. The reports of Friedman, as predecessor to Marcum (prior to their combination), on the Company s financial
statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, do not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and are
not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, except for an explanatory paragraph in such reports
regarding substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. From October 20, 2020 through September
29, 2022, the period during which Friedman was engaged as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and from September
30, 2022 through November 30, 2022, the period during which Marcum, as successor to Friedman (following the combination of Friedman and
Marcum, effective September 1, 2022), was engaged as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, there were (i)
no disagreements, as such term is defined in Item 304(a)(1) (iv) of Regulation S-K, with Marcum or Friedman in any matter
of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement(s), if not resolved
to the satisfaction of Marcum or Friedman, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement(s) in connection
with its reports, and (ii) no reportable events, as such term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On December 6, 2022, after the recommendation
of the Audit Committee of the Board, the Board approved the engagement of WWC, P.C., WWC as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm to audit the Company s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31,
2022 and review the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of AAL and unaudited condensed combined financial statements
of TAG International Limited and TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited for the nine months ended September 30, 2022. 

During the two fiscal years ended December 31,
2021 and 2020 and during the subsequent interim period from January 1, 2021 through November 30, 2022, neither the Company nor anyone
on the Company s behalf consulted WWC regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction,
either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements, and neither a written report
nor oral advice was provided to us that WWC concluded was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting,
auditing, or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or a reportable
event , each as defined in Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(1)(v) and 304(a)(1)(v), respectively. 

57 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of
the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures as of such date are effective at the reasonable assurance level. The term disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on
this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Additionally, our independent
registered public accounting firm will not be required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to Section 404 until we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during
the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

58 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information about
our directors and executive officers as of the date of this annual report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Mr. Ng Wing Fai 
 
 55 
 
 Chairman, Group Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Director 
 
 Mr. Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 
 
 49 
 
 Acting Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Ms. Wong Suet Fai, Almond 
 
 52 
 
 Group Chief Operating Officer/Executive Director 
 
 Mr. Jeroen Nieuwkoop 
 
 51 
 
 Group Chief Strategy Officer 
 
 Mr. Richard Kong 
 
 54 
 
 Deputy Group Chief Financial Officer/Company Secretary 
 
 Mr. Brian Chan 
 
 56 
 
 Independent Director (1)(2)(3) 
 
 Mr. Thomas Ng 
 
 67 
 
 Independent Director (1)(2)(3) 
 
 Mr. Felix Yun Pun Wong 
 
 57 
 
 Independent Director (1)(2)(3) 

Note: 

(1) Member of the remuneration
committee 

(2) Member of the nomination
committee. 

(3) Member of the audit
committee. 

Biographical Information 

Mr. Ng Wing Fai Mr. Ng
has been served as Group Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the board of AGBA and as an executive director of the board of
AGBA, since November 2022. Prior to joining AGBA, Mr. Ng was the Managing Partner and Founding Partner of Primus Pacific
Partners, an Asian private equity fund with a focus on financial services. He was also previously the Managing Director of Fubon
Financial Holding, the largest financial conglomerate in Taiwan, where he oversaw its overall strategy, capital markets, merger and
acquisition activities and major change programs. He has previously served as the Managing Director and Head of the
Asia-Pacific Financial Institutions Group at Salomon Smith Barney. Mr. Ng graduated from the University of Cambridge and
obtained a master s degree in business administration from Harvard University in 1994. 

Mr. Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 
Mr. Shu Pei Huang, Desmond currently serves as the Acting Group Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) since November 2022.
Mr. Shu also presently serves as a director of both B2B and Fintech. He was also a director of OnePlatform Holdings Limited prior
to the OnePlatform Holdings Limited merger. Prior to joining AGBA, Mr. Shu was the Vice President of Primus Holdings (H.K.) Ltd,
an Asia investment holding company with a focus on the financial services industry. Prior to that, he was the corporate development manager
of DRB-HICOM Berhad, one of the largest diverse conglomerates in Malaysia with business across banking, insurance, automobile, and services.
Mr. Shu has over 20 years of experience in the investment banking and financial services industry and has gained all-round experience
through working with MIMB Investment Bank, SIBB Investment Bank, and KPMG Corporate Services. Mr. Shu graduated from University of Kentucky
with a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and Bachelor of Science in Accounting; Master of Science in Finance from Golden
Gate University, USA. 

Ms. Wong Suet Fai, Almond Ms. Wong
has served as an executive director of the board of AGBA since November 2022. She has over the past 20 years of related experience,
encompassing organizational and talent development, compensations and benefits management, staff training and engagement, organizational
efficiency. Prior to joining AGBA, Ms. Wong held different positions in AXA, Sun Life Financial, Hutchison Ports, CSL Telecommunications
and Wyeth. Ms. Wong graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration from Hong Kong Baptist University in 1995 and obtained
a Master of Business Administration from University of Leicester in 2003. She completed the Advanced Management Program offered by Harvard
Business School in 2018. 

59 

Mr. Jeroen Nieuwkoop Mr. Jeroen
Nieuwkoop currently serves as the Group Chief Strategy Officer of the Company, since November 2022. Mr. Nieuwkoop previously
worked at Fubon Financial and Primus Pacific Partners and has over 20 years experience in private equity, funds set-up, investments
and divestments, mergers and acquisitions, as well as general corporate finance across the financial services industry in Asia. Mr. Nieuwkoop
started his career as an investment banker in the Financial Institutions Group at Salomon Smith Barney (now known as Citigroup) in New York.
Mr. Nieuwkoop obtained his Master of Science (MSc) in Business Administration and Management, General from Erasmus University Rotterdam. 

Mr. Richard Kong Mr. Richard
Kong is the Company s Deputy Group Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary, since November 2022. Mr. Kong has over 25 years
of experience in the finance and accounting fields. Prior to joining AGBA, he was the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary of
a company listed in Hong Kong for over 14 years where he gained extensive experience in corporate exercises, corporate governance,
and compliance-related matters. Previously, he was a manager at Ernst Young Hong Kong. Mr. Kong holds a Bachelor
of Business Administration (BBA) in Accounting from Hong Kong Baptist University and Master of Business Administration (MBA) from
University of South Australia. He is also a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Association
of Chartered Certified Accountants. 

Brian Chan Mr. Chan has served
as a member of the board of directors of AGBA as an independent director since November 2022. Mr. Chan has over 23 years
of experience handling litigations for civil claims, intellectual property rights protection and enforcement. Since September 2007
to present, Mr. Chan has been a Senior Partner at Chan, Tang Kwok Solicitors, a member of the International Trademark
Attorneys Association. From September 1995 to August 2007 he was an Associate at Baker McKenzie, Associate at Stephenson
Harwood Lo, Partner at Stevenson, Wong Co., Solicitors and Consultant at Benny Kong Peter Tang. Additionally,
Mr. Chan has acted as a Counsel to various Hong Kong and cross-border mergers and acquisitions and commercial matters since
August 1999. Mr. Chan is also a frequent speaker on legal issues for intellectual property rights for the Hong Kong Productivity
council. Mr. Chan graduated with a Bachelor of Laws Degree and passed the Solicitors Finals of the Law Society of England
and Wales in 1993. 

Thomas Ng Mr. Ng has served
as a member of the board of directors of AGBA as an independent director since November 2022. Thomas Ng has 30 years of broad
experience engaging in the fields of Education, Media, Retailing Marketing and Finance. He is a pioneer of IT in education and he was
the author of Digital English Lab, one of the first series of digital books in Hong Kong. Since September 2018,
he has been the Chief Executive Officer of e-chat, an IPFS block chain social media focused company. From March 2017 to April 2018,
Mr. Ng was the Chief Financial Officer of Duofu Holdings Group Co. Limited. In February 2016, Mr. Ng founded Shang Finance
Limited and was the Chief Executive Officer until February 2017. From March 2015 to November 2015, Mr. Ng was the
Chief Financial Officer of World Unionpay Group Shares Limited. In August 2003, Mr. Ng established Fuji (Hong Kong) Co.
Ltd. and was the Chief Executive Officer until December 2014. Mr. Ng obtained a Certificate of Education majoring in English
from the University of Hong Kong in 2000. 

Felix Yun Pun Wong Mr. Wong
has served as a member of the board of directors of AGBA as an independent director since November 2022. Mr. Wong currently
acts as the Chief Financial Officer of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited, a publicly listed special purpose acquisition corporation
(NASDAQ: IGTA). He has acted in this capacity since April 9, 2021. He has years of executive experience with multiple leadership
positions and a track record in helping private companies enter the public market. He has been the principal of Ascent Partners Advisory
Service Limited, a finance advisory firm, since March 2020. From November 2017 to December 2020, Mr. Wong held the
position of Chief Financial Officer at Tottenham Acquisition I Limited, a publicly listed special purpose acquisition corporation,
which merged with Clene Nanomedicine Inc. (NASDAQ: CLNN) in December 2020. From August 2015 to September 2017, he
served as Chief Financial Officer at Raytron Technologies Limited, a leading Chinese national high-tech enterprise. His main responsibilities
in these rules have included overseeing the financial functions of the firms, assisting in establishing corporate ventures for investment,
and working on deal origination of new businesses in the corporate groups. Prior to these efforts, he was Chief Financial Officer and
Executive Director of Tsing Capital from January 2012 to July 2015, where he managed four funds with a total investment amount
of US 600 million and focused on environmental and clean technology investments. Mr. Wong also served as senior director and
chief financial officer of Spring Capital, a US 250 million fund, from October 2008 until June 2011. Additionally, Mr. Wong
was the chief financial officer of Natixis Private Equity Asia from November 2006 till October 2008 and an associate director
of JAFCO Asia from March 2002 to October 2006. Mr. Wong was a finance manager for Icon Medialab from July 2000 to
December 2001, a senior finance manager of Nielsen from August 1998 to July 2000, Planning-Free Shopper from April 1992
to August 1998, and an auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers from August 1989 until March 2000. Mr. Wong earned his Masters
of Business degree in 2003 from Curtin University in Australia and a Professional Diploma in Company Secretaryship and Administration
from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 1989. 

60 

Board Committees of the Company 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee has been established in accordance
with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The principal functions of the Audit Committee of the Company will include,
among other things: 

appointing, compensating, retaining, replacing, and overseeing
the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services
to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company, and establishing pre-approval policies
and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors regarding
all relationships the auditors have with the Company in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees
of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the
independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal
quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer
review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years
respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues, and (iii) all relationships
between the independent registered public accounting firm and the Company to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s
independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required
to be disclosed pursuant to SEC regulations prior to the Company entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public
accounting firm, and the Company s legal advisors, as appropriate, of any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any
correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding
the financial statements or accounting policies of the Company and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. 

The
Audit Committee consists of Mr. Brian Chan, Mr. Thomas Ng, and Mr. Felix Yun Pun Wong ,
each of whom qualifies as an independent director according to the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq with respect to Audit Committee
membership. We have also determined that Mr. Felix Yun Pun Wong qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert. The chair of our Audit Committee is Mr. Felix Yun Pun Wong. 

In addition, all of the Audit Committee members
meet the requirements for financial literacy under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. The board of directors of AGBA has adopted a new written
charter for the Audit Committee, which is available on the Company s website after adoption. The reference to AGBA s website
address in this annual report does not include or incorporate by reference the information on the AGBA s website into this annual
report. 

61 

Remuneration Committee 

The principal functions of the Remuneration Committee
of the Company include, among other things: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals
and objectives relevant to the compensation of our executive officers, evaluating their performance in light of such goals and objectives
and determining, and approving the remuneration of our executive officers based on such evaluation; 

reviewing, evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration of our non-employee directors; 

administering the Company s equity compensation plans
and agreements with the Company executive officers and directors; 

reviewing and approving policies and procedures relating to
perquisites and expense accounts of the executive officers of the Company; 

assisting management in complying with registration statement
and annual report disclosure requirements; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to
be included in the Company s annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing and approving the Company s overall compensation
philosophy. 

Our
Remuneration Committee consists of Mr. Brian Chan, Mr. Thomas Ng, and Mr. Felix Yun Pun Wong .
The board of directors has adopted a new written charter for the Remuneration Committee, which will be available on the Company s
website after adoption. The reference to the AGBA website address in this annual report does not include or incorporate by reference the
information on the Company s website into this annual report. 

Nomination Committee 

The principal functions of the Nomination Committee
of AGBA include, among other things: 

considering qualified candidates for positions on the board
of directors of the Company; 

creating and maintaining an evaluation process to ensure that
all directors to be nominated to the board of directors during the annual shareholders meeting are appropriately qualified in
accordance with the company s organizational documents and applicable law and regulations; 

making recommendations to the board of directors regarding candidates
to fill vacancies on the board; 

making recommendations to the board, regarding the size and
composition of the board; and 

reviewing the membership of the various committees of the board
of directors and making recommendations for future appointments. 

AGBA s
Nomination Committee consists of Mr. Brian Chan, Mr. Thomas Ng, and Mr. Felix Yun Pun Wong .
AGBA s board of directors has adopted a new written charter for the Nomination Committee, which is available on the Company s
website after adoption. The reference to the AGBA s website address in this annual report does not include or incorporate by reference
the information on AGBA s website into this annual report. 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

The Fifth Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association, has been effective upon consummation of the Business Combination, limits the Company s directors 
liability in accordance with BVI law. 

Subject to BVI law, the Fifth Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association, which has been effective on November 14, 2022, provide that the Company will, in certain
situations, indemnify every director, secretary, or other officer of the Company (but not including the company s auditors) and
the personal representatives of the same against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages, or liabilities incurred
or sustained by such indemnified person, including legal fees, other than by reason of such person s own dishonesty or fraud, as
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, in or about the conduct of the company s business or affairs (including as a result
of any mistake of judgment) or in the execution or discharge of their duties, powers, authorities or discretions, including without prejudice
to the generality of the foregoing, any costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by such person in defending (whether successfully
or otherwise) any proceedings concerning the company or its affairs in any court whether in the British Virgin Islands or elsewhere. 

62 

The Company plans to maintain a directors 
and officers insurance policy pursuant to which the Company s directors and officers are insured against liability for actions
taken in their capacities as directors and officers. We believe that these provisions in the Fifth Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association, which has been effective on November 14, 2022, and these indemnification agreements are necessary to attract
and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers, or control persons, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Family Relationships 

No family relationships
exist among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company s board of directors has adopted
a Code of Ethics applicable to its directors, executive officers, and team members that complies with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq
and the SEC. The Code of Ethics is available on AGBA s website. In addition, AGBA intends to post on the Corporate Governance
section of AGBA s website all disclosures that are required by law or Nasdaq listing standards concerning any amendments to, or
waivers from, any provision of the Code of Ethics. The reference to AGBA s website address in this annual report does not include
or incorporate by reference the information on the Company s website into this annual report. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our
equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of our shares of ordinary share and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners
are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written
representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that, during 2022, our directors, executive officers, and ten percent stockholders
complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

This section provides an overview of our executive
compensation programs. 

We are considered an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act for purposes of the SEC s executive compensation disclosure rules. Accordingly, our reporting
obligations with respect to our named executive officers extend only to the individuals who serve as the principal executive
officer and the next two most highly compensated executive officers as of the end of the prior fiscal year, as well as up to two additional
individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided based on their compensation levels but for the fact that the individual was not
serving as an executive officer at the end of the prior fiscal year. 

The Named Executive Officers for 2022 fiscal year
are Mr. Ng Wing Fai (Group Chief Executive Officer), Mr. Shu Pei Huang Desmond (Acting Group Chief Financial Officer), Ms. Wong Suet Fai
Almond (Group Chief Operating Officer), Mr. Jeroen Nieuwkoop (Group Chief Strategy Officer), Mr. Richard Kong (Deputy Group Chief Financial
Officer and Company Secretary). 

63 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table summarizes
information concerning the compensation awarded to, earned by and paid to the named executive officers and directors for services rendered
to us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal 
Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Equity 
Awards ) (2) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

NG Wing Fai 
 2022 
 1,316,076 
 
 988,000 
 
 2,304,076 
 
 Group Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Executive Director 
 2021 
 1,282,052 

1,282,052 

SHU Pei Huang, Desmond 
 2022 
 338,477 
 
 382,000 
 
 720,477 
 
 Acting Group Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 318,605 
 164,769 

483,374 

WONG Suet Fai, Almond 
 2022 
 462,137 
 
 382,000 
 
 844,137 
 
 Group Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 440,569 

320 
 440,889 

Jeroen Nieuwkoop 
 2022 
 440,755 

440,755 
 
 Group Chief Strategy Officer 
 2021 
 273,334 
 68,923 

342,257 

Richard Kong 
 2022 
 294,352 
 
 17,190 
 
 311,542 
 
 Deputy Group Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary 
 2021 
 269,705 
 78,856 

348,561 

Brian Chan (3) 
 2022 
 5,897 

5,897 
 
 Independent Director 
 2021 

Thomas Ng (3) 
 2022 
 5,897 

5,897 
 
 Independent Director 
 2021 

Felix Yun Pun Wong (3) 
 2022 
 5,897 

5,897 
 
 Independent Director 
 2021 

(1) Represents all amounts earned as salary during the applicable fiscal
year. For fiscal year 2022, the salary amounts have been converted to U.S. Dollars (USD) from Hong Kong Dollars (HKD) using the exchange
rate of USD1 to HKD7.8 as of December 31, 2022. 

(2) These share awards were immediately vested on the date of grant,
December 12, 2022 and December 29, 2022 

(3) Directors began receiving cash fees under our director compensation program following the Closing. 

Executive Compensation 

Following the Closing of the Business Combination,
we have deployed an executive compensation program that is consistent with our existing compensation policies and philosophies, which
are designed to align compensation with business objectives and the creation of shareholder value, while enabling us to attract, motivate,
and retain individuals who contribute to long-term success. We also note that decisions on the executive compensation program will be
made by the Remuneration Committee. The following discussion is based on the present expectations as to the executive compensation program
to be adopted by the Remuneration Committee. The executive compensation program actually adopted will depend on the judgment of the members
of the Remuneration Committee and may differ from that set forth in the following discussion. We anticipate, however, that compensation
for the Named Executive Officers will reflect their current compensation in both form and amount. 

64 

Employment Agreements 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
we entered into employment agreements with each of the Named Executive Officers and directors. 

The Named Executive Officers base salaries
is set pursuant to the employment agreements. We anticipate that the salaries of the Named Executive Officers will be reviewed annually
by the Remuneration Committee based upon advice and counsel of its advisors. 

Equity-Based Awards 

We have granted the equity-based awards to reward
past or long-term performance of the Named Executive Officers and other high-performing employees. We believe that providing a meaningful
portion of the total compensation package in the form of equity-based awards will align the incentives of our executive officers with
the interests of our shareholders and serve to motivate and retain the individual executives. By extending the same incentives to all
of our employees, we believe that we will be able to reward exceptional employees for their contributions to AGBA and promote continued
loyalty. Equity-based awards will be awarded under the Share Award Scheme. 

Other Compensation 

We
continue to maintain various employee benefit plans, including health and retirement plans, comparable to those already in place
in which the Named Executive Officers will participate. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of
more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, (ii) each of our officers and directors, and (iii) all of our officers and
directors as a group as of December 31, 2022. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following
table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants or conversion of rights,
as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022 and the rights are not convertible within 60 days of December
31, 2022. 

Subject to the paragraph above, the percentage
ownership of issued shares is based on 59,576,985 shares of the Company s ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of as of March
10, 2023. The business address for each of the following entities or individuals is AGBA Tower, 68 Johnston Road Wan Chai, Hong Kong
SAR. 

Name and Address of Beneficial
 Owner 
 Number
 of 
 Shares 

Five Percent Beneficial
 Owners of AGBA 

TAG
 Holdings Limited (1) 
 53,835,000 
 90.4 
 
 Directors
and Named Executive Officers of AGBA 

Ng
 Wing Fai 

Shu
 Pei Huang, Desmond 

Jeroen
 Nieuwkoop 

Richard
 Kong 

Wong
 Suet Fai, Almond 

Brian
 Chan 
 18,000 

Thomas
 Ng 
 18,000 

Felix
 Wong 

All
 Directors and Named Executive Officers of the Company as a group (8 individuals) 
 36,000 

Less than 1 . 

(1) TAG has undertaken not to make any such distribution to its ultimate
beneficial shareholders. Nothing in this undertaking, however, shall prevent TAG, subject to compliance with applicable law, from pledging
or encumbering its AGBA shares or selling or otherwise disposing of any or all of the AGBA shares to any other person or persons for value
consideration. 

65 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Related Party Transaction Policy 

On
November 10, 2022, our Board adopted a written policy regarding the review and approval or disapproval by our Audit Committee of transactions
between us, or any of our subsidiaries, and any related person (defined to include our executive officers, directors or director nominees,
any stockholder beneficially owning in excess of 5 of our ordinary shares or securities exchangeable for our ordinary share, and any
immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons) (the Related Person Transaction Policy ). In reviewing related person
transactions, our Audit Committee considers all relevant facts and circumstances, including the extent of the related person s direct
or indirect interest in the transaction. Any member of the Audit Committee who is a related person with respect to a transaction under
review will not be permitted to participate in the deliberations or to vote on the transaction. 

Certain
related person transactions described below were consummated prior to our adoption of the formal, written policy described above, and,
accordingly, the foregoing policies and procedures were not followed with respect to these transactions. However, we believe that the
terms obtained and consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable
to terms available or amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions at such time. 

Related
Person Transactions AGBA Acquisition Limited AAL 

Insider Shares 

In October 2018, AAL s Chief Executive
Officer, Gordon Lee, subscribed for an aggregate of 1,000 AAL ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of US 1, or approximately
US 0.001 per share. On February 22, 2019, AGBA issued an aggregate of 1,149,000 ordinary shares to Initial Shareholder for an aggregate
purchase price of US 25,000 in cash (together with the shares issued to Mr. Lee the Insider Shares). Simultaneously on February 22,
2019, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 114,000 ordinary shares to certain directors and officers of AAL, at a price of approximately
US 0.02 per share, which is identical to the original price. 

The Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the Insider Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until (1) the earlier of six months after
the date of the consummation of an initial business combination and (2) the date on which AAL consummates a liquidation, merger,
stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of AAL s shareholders having the right to exchange their AGBA Shares
for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that if the last sale price of the AGBA Shares equals or exceeds US 12.00 per
share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period, 50 of the Insider Shares will be released promptly thereafter. 

Private Placement 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 225,000 Private Placement Units at a price of US 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, or US 2,250,000
in the aggregate. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

AAL entered into an agreement with its Sponsor,
commencing on May 16, 2019 through the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or AAL s liquidation, to pay the Sponsor
a monthly fee of US 10,000 for general and administrative services. This agreement expired and terminated on November 14, 2022. 

66 

Related Party Extensions Loan 

Originally, according to its initial Memorandum
and Articles of Association, AAL had 12 months from the consummation of the IPO to consummate a business combination, and if AAL
anticipated that it may not be able to consummate a business combination within those 12 months, AAL may, but was not obligated to,
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination three times by an additional three months each time (for a total of
up to 21 months to consummate a business combination). On February 5, 2021, AAL held an extraordinary meeting of shareholders
where AAL s shareholders approved proposals to (i) amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to
further extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination three times for three additional months each time from
February 16, 2021 to November 16, 2021; and (ii) amend the investment management trust agreement, dated as of May 14,
2019 by and between AAL and Continental to allow it to further extend the time to consummate a business combination three times for three
additional months each time from February 16, 2021 to November 16, 2021. On November 2, 2021, AAL held another extraordinary
meeting of shareholders where AAL s shareholders approved proposals to (i) amend the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association to further extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination two times for three additional months
each time from November 16, 2021 to May 16, 2022; and (ii) amend the investment management trust agreement, dated as of
May 14, 2019 by and between AAL and Continental to allow it to further extend the time to consummate a business combination two times
for three additional months each time from November 16, 2021 to May 16, 2022. On May 3, 2022, AAL held its annual meeting
of shareholders. During this meeting, AAL s shareholders approved the proposals, among other things, to (i) amend the Third
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to further extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination
two times for three additional months each time from May 16, 2022 to November 16, 2022; and (ii) amend the investment
management trust agreement, dated as of May 14, 2019 by and between AAL and Continental to allow it to further extend the time to
consummate a business combination two times for three additional months each time from May 16, 2022 to November 16, 2022.
On May 3, 2022, 283,736 AGBA Shares were redeemed by a number of shareholders at a price of approximately US 11.24 per share, in
an aggregate principal amount of US 3,189,369. On May 9, 2022, AGBA issued an unsecured promissory note to its Sponsor, in the amount
of US 504,431, which amount was deposited into the trust account to extend the available time to complete a business combination to August 16,
2022. On August 9, 2022, AAL issued an unsecured promissory note in an amount of US 504,431 to its Sponsor, which amount was deposited
into the trust account to extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination until November 16, 2022. 

On each of May 11, 2020, August 12,
2020, and November 10, 2020, AGBA issued a total of three notes to the Sponsor, each in an amount of US 460,000, and on each of February 10,
2021, May 11, 2021, and August 11, 2021, AGBA issued a total of three additional notes to the Sponsor, each in an amount of
US 594,466.50, pursuant to which all such amounts had been deposited into the trust account in order to extend the amount of available
time to consummate a business combination until November 16, 2021. On each of November 10, 2021, and February 7, 2022,
AGBA issued an additional note to the Sponsor in the amount of US 546,991 deposited into the trust account in order to extend the amount
of available time to consummate a business combination until May 16, 2022. On each of May 9, 2022, and August 9, 2022,
AGBA issued an unsecured promissory note to its Sponsor, in the amount of US 504,431, which amount was deposited into the trust account
to extend the available time to complete a business combination to November 16, 2022. The Notes are non-interest bearing and
are payable upon the closing of a business combination. In addition, the Notes may be converted, at the lender s discretion, into
additional AGBA units, which are the same as the Private Placement Units, at a price of US 10.00 per unit. 

Upon completion of the Business Combination, each of AGBA s issued
and outstanding convertible notes and related party balances to its sponsor, AGBA Holding Limited, were automatically converted into an
aggregate of 792,334 ordinary shares. 

Related
Person Transactions AGBA Group Holding Limited AGBA 

Administrative Services Agreements 

TAG Financial Holdings Service Agreements 

On June 24, 2021, each of OnePlatform Wealth Management
Limited OWM ), OnePlatform International Property Limited OIP ), OnePlatform Asset Management Limited OAM ),
and Hong Kong Credit Corporation Limited HKCC entered into separate, but substantially similar, Service Agreements
with TAG Financial Holdings Limited TAG Financial Holdings ), a member of the Legacy Group. As the members of the Legacy
Group presently share office space in the AGBA Tower (see Information about AGBA Property for additional
information about the office space used by AGBA), TAG Financial Holdings, pursuant to these four agreements, agreed to provide certain
premises and administrative services to each of OWM, OIP, OAM, and HKCC. With respect to premises services, TAG Financial Holdings
agreed to pay for, among other things, building management fees, government rates and rent, office rent, and lease-related interest
and depreciation for OWM, OIP, OAM, and HKCC, subject to reimbursement. With respect to administrative services, TAG Financial Holdings
agreed to pay for, among other things, office consumables, cleaning fees, A/C, electricity, and water for OWM, OIP, OAM, and HKCC, subject
to reimbursement. The service fees are charged in accordance with a standard formula included in each of the contracts, corresponding
to their office space occupancy and employee headcount respectively. 

67 

Pursuant to these service agreements and their
predecessor arrangements, AGBA, collectively, paid TAG Financial Holdings US 3,190,064 and US 2,463,553 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for premises and administrative expenses. 

The management of AGBA anticipates that these
Service Agreements will continue after the Business Combination and until either party thereto provides one month written notice of termination,
to ensure continued smooth operation on a stand-alone basis. 

Human Resource Services 

Pursuant to an Agreement for Supply Services,
signed in March 2020, Perform Financial Planning Services Limited PFPSL ), a member of the Legacy Group, provides centralized
human resource, administrative, and other related services to members of the Legacy Group, including members of AGBA OAM,
OIP, OWM, and HKCC. In particular, PFPSL is responsible for engaging and compensating independent contractors and/or employees to
provide services to members of the Legacy Group pursuant to their respective service and/or employment contracts. PFPSL receives referral
income on all insurance products supported by OWM on a 60-70 basis. The agreement also provides a standard mechanism for members
of the Legacy Group to refer potential employees to other members of the Legacy Group. Any party thereto may terminate the agreement with
three months notice. The management of AGBA anticipates that PFPSL will continue to provide such services to AGBA following
the Business Combination. 

Real Property 

On January 25, 2022, AGBA purchased an office
building located at Kaiseng Commercial Centre, No 4 6, Hankow Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong from the Legacy Group for
a consideration of approximately US 8.0 million. The purchase price was offset by the deduction of a previously paid earnest deposit
of US 7.2 million and partially settled by cash. The management of AGBA expects to use this office building for its own occupancy
and to meet its anticipated business expansion in the foreseeable period. This transaction is not expected to affect the existing Trust
Tower lease or current administrative service agreements. 

CurrencyFair Stake Acquisition 

On March 18, 2022, AGBA entered into a sale
and purchase agreement with the Legacy Group to acquire 4,158,963 shares of CurrencyFair at the historical carrying amount of US 6.56 million.
The transaction closed in April 2022, resulting in AGBA owning 8.37 equity interest of CurrencyFair. 

OnePlatform Asset Management Limited 

Fund Asset Management Service 

JFA Capital is a closed-ended investment
vehicle incorporated in the Cayman Islands and a member of the Legacy Group. Upon its incorporation JFA Capital engaged a third-party fund
manager who, in turn, engaged OnePlatform Asset Management OAM as a sub-manager. On May 7, 2018, JFA Capital and
OAM agreed for JFA Capital to terminate its existing management arrangement and appoint OAM as its sole manager. OAM is licensed by the
Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission under type 1 (Dealing in securities), type 4 (Advising on securities), and type 9 (asset
management). OAM is also a professional investor as defined under the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong. 

OAM, accordingly, provides management of JFA Capital s
portfolio assets for a management fee and a performance fee, as dictated by the management agreement. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, JFA Capital paid OAM US 600,778 and US 877,425, respectively. The arrangement is non-exclusive, and OAM is permitted to
invest in or advise other investment funds. OAM is also permitted to delegate its functions, powers, and duties to any person, subject
to remaining liable for the actions of its delegate. The term of this management arrangement is indefinite, subject to 90 days 
notice by either party, and the management of AGBA anticipates that OAM will continue to provide fund management services to JFA Capital
following the Business Combination. 

68 

In addition to JFA Capital, OAM also provides
management services for other funds, including NSD Capital, a third-party Cayman-incorporated fund. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, NSD Capital paid OAM US 69,134 and US 69,650, respectively, for management services. The management of
AGBA anticipate that OAM will continue to provide fund management services to NSD Capital following the Business Combination. 

LC Healthcare Fund I, L.P. Stake Acquisition 

In October 2022, AGBA entered into a sale and
purchase agreement with the shareholder to acquire 4 equity interest in LC Healthcare Fund I, L.P. at the historical carrying amount
of US 9.67 million. 

Dividend Distribution 

On January 18, 2022, TAG Asia Capital Holdings
Limited TAC was approved to declare and distribute a special dividend of 47 million to TAG Holdings Limited, the shareholder
who represented 1 ordinary share of TAC. The dividends were paid by offsetting the receivable due from the shareholder and the remaining
balance was paid by cash. The special dividend distribution was made due to the investment income from the sale of all equity interest
in Nutmeg Saving and Investment Limited in September 2021. 

Indemnification 

Effective immediately upon the consummation of
the Business Combination, the Company will enter into customary indemnification arrangements with each of the newly elected directors
and newly appointed executive officers of the Company. Pursuant to these indemnification agreements the Company will indemnify such directors
and executive officers under the circumstances and to the extent provided for therein, from and against all losses, claims, etc., to the
fullest extent permitted under BVI law and the Fifth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has undertaken a
review of the independence of each director. Mr. Brian Chan, Mr. Thomas Ng, and Mr. Felix Yun Pun Wong are all non-employee
directors, all of whom our Board has determined to be independent pursuant to Nasdaq rules. All of the members of our Audit
Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee are independent pursuant to Nasdaq rules. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public Accounting Fees 

The following table sets forth fees billed by
our auditors during the last two fiscal years for services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of
our quarterly financial statements, services by our auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of
our financial statements and that are not reported as audit fees, services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and
tax planning, and all other fees for services rendered. 

69 

The following
table shows the aggregate fees from our current principal accounting firm, WWC., P.C. and the former principal accounting firm, Friedman
LLP for the fiscal years as shown. 

(US Dollars) 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Category 
 2022 
 2021 

WWC, P.C.: 

Audit Fees 
 460,000 

Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

460,000 

Marcum LLP (Formerly Friedman LLP): 

Audit Fees 
 114,450 
 64,597 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

114,450 
 64,597 

Audit fees for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 rendered by WWC., P.C. relate to professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements and quarterly
review. 

Audit fees for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 rendered by Marcum LLP (formerly Friedman LLP) relate to professional services rendered for the audits of our predecessor s
financial statements, quarterly reviews, issuance of consents, the Business Combination and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

70 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements: 

(1) 
 The financial statements required to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included in Item 8 herein. 

(2) 
 All supplemental schedules have been omitted since the information is either included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or they are not required or are not applicable. 

(3) 
 See attached Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

(b) Exhibits 

The following documents are filed as exhibits
to this annual report, including those exhibits incorporated herein by reference to one of our prior filings under the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by and among AGBA Acquisition Limited, AGBA Merger Sub I Limited, AGBA Merger Sub II Limited, TAG International Limited, TAG Asset Partners Limited, OnePlatform International Limited, OnePlatform Holdings Limited, TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited, and TAG Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated November 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated January 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated May 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 2.5 
 
 Business Combination Agreement Waiver and Amendment, dated October 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Ordinary Share certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated May 14, 2019, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2019) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Share Award Scheme (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Letter of Appointment and Transfer (Ng Wing Fai) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter of Appointment and Transfer (Wong Suet Fai Almond) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to AGBA s 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of WWC, P.C. 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Friedman LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

71 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

Dated: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Wing Fai NG 

Name: 
 Wing Fai NG 

Title: 
 Group Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

Dated: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Name: 
 Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Title: 
 Acting Group Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Wing Fai
 NG 
 
 Group Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) and Executive Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 

/s/ Wong Suet
 Fai, Almond 
 
 Executive
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Wong Suet Fai, Almond 

/s/
 Brian Chan 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Brian Chan 

/s/ Thomas
 Ng 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Thomas Ng 

/s/ Felix
 Yun Pun Wong 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Felix Yun Pun Wong 

72 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING
LIMITED 

(Formerly known
as AGBA Acquisition Limited) 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 1171) 
 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 711) 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 F-44 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To: 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

AGBA Group Holding Limited 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of AGBA Group Holding Limited and subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for
the year ended December 31, 2022, the related notes, and financial statement schedule (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis of Matter Reverse Recapitalization 

As discussed in Note 4, the Company entered into a
reverse recapitalization transaction whereby the Company merged with TAG International Limited (formerly known as OnePlatform Holdings
Limited) and Subsidiaries, and TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited and Subsidiaries TIL TAG ). As the basis of the presentation
of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended that necessitate the application
of retrospective adjustments reflecting the transaction to the first period presented, our audit included performing audit procedures
on the adjustments. We believe our procedure provide evidence for us to conclude that management has properly applied the adjustments.
We were not engaged to audit the combined financial statements of TIL TAG as of December 31, 2021 for the year then ended; the combined
financial statements of TIL TAG were audited by another registered public accounting firm, and that registered public accounting firm
expressed an unqualified opinion with an explanatory paragraph indicating that there was substantial doubt that TIL TAG would continue
as going concern. 

Emphasis of Matter Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has incurred substantial net loss and had net cash outflows from operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022
and reported accumulated deficit as at December 31, 2022. These circumstances give rise to substantial doubt that the Company will continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this doubt and uncertainty.
Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor
were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 

/s/ WWC, P.C. 

. 

Certified Public Accountants 

PCAOB ID No. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April 3, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To The Shareholders and Board of Directors and of 

AGBA Group Holding Limited 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited, before the effects of the reverse
recapitalization described in Note 4, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of AGBA Group Holding Limited (previously the combined
balance sheet of OnePlatform Holdings Limited and Subsidiaries and TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited and Subsidiaries) (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders 
equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 2021 financial statements (the combined financial statements before the effects of the reverse recapitalization as described
in Note 4 are not presented herein). In our opinion, the 2021 financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We were not engaged to audit, review or apply
any procedures to the adjustments to retroactively apply the effects of the reverse recapitalization described in Note 4, accordingly,
we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied.
Those adjustments were audited by another registered public accounting firm. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going
Concern 

The accompanying 2021 financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the 2021 financial statements, the
Company does not have sufficient working capital at December 31, 2021, which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding this matter are also described in Note 3. The 2021 financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These 2021 financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s 2021 financial statements based
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
2021 financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the 2021 financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the 2021 financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the 2021 financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor
from 2021 through 2022. 

New York, NY 

May 16, 2022 

F- 3 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING
LIMITED 

(Formerly known
as AGBA Acquisition Limited) 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(Currency expressed
in United States Dollars US )) 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable, net, related parties 

Loans receivables, net 

Earnest deposit, the shareholder 

Consideration receivable 

Income tax recoverable 

Deposit, prepayments, and other receivables 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Loans receivables, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Long-term investments, net 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Escrow liabilities 

Borrowings 

Amount due to shareholder 

Forward share purchase liability 

Income tax payable and provision 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 21) 

Shareholders equity: 

Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (1) 

Ordinary shares to be issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Receivable from the shareholder 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(Accumulated deficit) retained earnings 

Total shareholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

(1) 

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known
as AGBA Acquisition Limited) 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

AND COMPREHENSIVE
(LOSS) INCOME 

(Currency expressed
in United States Dollars US )) 

Years ended December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Interest income: 

Loans 

Total
 interest income 

Non-interest income: 

Commissions 

Recurring
 service fees 

Total
 non-interest income 

Total
 revenues from others 

Non-interest income: 

Recurring
 service fees 

Total
 revenues from related parties 

Total
 revenues 

Operating cost and expenses: 

Interest expense 

Commission expense 

Sales and marketing expense 

Technology expense 

Personnel and benefit expense 

Other g eneral
and administrative expenses 

Total
 operating cost and expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Bank interest income 

Interest income, related
 party 

Foreign exchange loss,
 net 

Loss on equity method investment 

Investment (loss) income,
 net 

Change in fair value of
 warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of
 forward share purchase liability 

Rental income 

Sundry
 income 

Total
 other (expense) income, net 

(Loss)
 income before income taxes 

Income
 tax expense 

NET
 (LOSS) INCOME 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

COMPREHENSIVE
 (LOSS) INCOME 

Weighted average number
 of ordinary shares outstanding (1) 

-	Basic 

-	Diluted 

Net (loss) income per ordinary
 share (1) 

-	Basic 

-	Diluted 

(1) 

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING
LIMITED 

(Formerly known
as AGBA Acquisition Limited) 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

(Currency expressed
in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Ordinary shares 
 Ordinary shares to be
 issued 
 Additional paid-in 
 Receivable from the 
 Accumulated other comprehensive
 (loss) 
 (Accumulated deficit) retained 
 Total shareholders 

No.
 of share 
 Amount 
 No.
 of share 
 Amount 
 capital 
 shareholder 
 income 
 earnings 
 equity 

Balance as of
 January 1, 2021 

Advances to the shareholder 

Net income for the year 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Balance as of December 31,
 2021 

Automatic conversion of public
 and private rights into ordinary shares (Note 14) 

Issuance of ordinary shares
 to settle payables (Note 14) 

Issuance of ordinary shares
 to settle finder fee (Note 14) 

Transaction costs in related
 to Business Combination (Note 14) 

Shares and warrants from
 reverse recapitalization with AGBA Acquisition Limited, net of redemption (Note 4) 

Special dividend to the shareholder 

Share-based compensation
 (Note 15) 

Initial measurement of forward
 share purchase liability 

Forgiveness of amount due
 to shareholder 

Net loss for the year 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING
LIMITED 

(Formerly known
as AGBA Acquisition Limited) 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Currency expressed
in United States Dollars US )) 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities 

Share-based compensation expense 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Accreted interest 

Provision for legal contingency loss 

Foreign exchange loss, net 

Investment loss (income), net 

Loss on equity method investment 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of forward share purchase liability 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Loans receivable 

Deposits, prepayments, and other receivables 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Escrow liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of investments 

Payment of earnest deposit, the shareholder 

Addition in long-term investments, related party 

Addition in long-term investments 

Proceeds from redemption of corporate bonds, related party 

Dividend received from long-term investments 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances from (repayment to) the shareholder 

Proceeds from borrowings 

Dividend paid to the shareholder 

Cash proceeds from reverse recapitalization, net of redemption 

Repayment of bank borrowings 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect on exchange rate change on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Net change in cash, cash equivalent and restricted cash 

BEGINNING OF YEAR 

END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash received from income tax recoverable 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Reconciliation to amounts on consolidated balance sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment, through earnest deposit 

Special dividend to the shareholder offset with amount due from the shareholder 

Issuance of ordinary shares to settle payables 

Transaction costs in related to Business Combination 

Forgiveness of amount due to shareholder 

Liability assumed related to forward share purchase agreement 

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding shares and other equity
interest of TAG International Limited and TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization 
and AGBA was treated as the acquired company for accounting purposes (see Note 4). 

F- 8 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

F- 9 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

F- 10 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

owner of the issued and outstanding shares of
each TIL and TAC, in exchange for AGBA Shares. The shares and corresponding capital amounts and losses per share, prior to
the Business Combination, have been retroactively restated in the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 11 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Annual average HK :US exchange rate 

F- 12 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

F- 13 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

but less than , or where other facts and circumstances indicate that the Company has the ability to exercise significant
influence over the operating and financing policies of an entity, are accounted for using the equity method in accordance with ASC Topic
323: Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures . Equity method investments are recorded initially at cost and adjusted
subsequently to recognize the share of the earnings, losses or other changes in capital of the investee entity after the date of acquisition.
The Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Computer equipment 

Motor vehicle 

F- 14 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

F- 15 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

F- 16 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

-

Non-interest income: 

Commissions 

-

Recurring service fees 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Non-interest income: 

Commissions 

-

Recurring service fees 
 -

-
 
 -

F- 17 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with
the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

F- 18 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Platform Business 
 - 

- 

- 

Fintech Business 

Healthcare Business 

F- 19 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

F- 20 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

-
 
 -

Non-marketable equity securities 
 
 -
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Forward share purchase liability 
 
 -
 
 -

Warrant liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Non-marketable equity securities 
 
 -
 
 -

F- 21 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

million net loss and million net cash outflows from operating activities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had
an accumulated losses of million and cash and cash equivalents of million. 

F- 22 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

ordinary shares issued and outstanding, and warrants outstanding. TAG became a major shareholder
of the Company. 

AGBA ordinary shares in the open market at prices no higher than the redemption
price, including from other AGBA shareholders that elected to redeem and subsequently revoked their prior elections to redeem their shares,
following the expiration of AGBA s redemption offer. AGBA has agreed to purchase those shares from Meteora on a forward basis, up
to the lessor of (i) that number of AGBA shares then held by Meteora, and (ii) the difference of (x) the number of shares held by Meteora
at Closing (which shall be no more than Ordinary Shares in the aggregate) minus (y) that number of shares equal to (I) the product
of (A) , multiplied by (B) the number of shares held by the Meteora at Closing (such product, the Commitment Share Value ),
divided by (II) the value weighted average price for the preceding 30 trading days ending on the day that is 30 days following the Closing
(the number of shares derived in (y), the Commitment Shares , and the lesser of (1) and (2), the Puttable Shares ),
unless otherwise agreed to in writing by all parties, at a price per Share equal to the sum of (i) the redemption price as contemplated
by the Definitive Proxy Statement (the Redemption Price ), plus (ii) (the sum of (i) and (ii), the Base Price ),
plus (iii) the result of (X) the Base Price, multiplied by (Y) the number of Commitment Shares, divided by (Z) the number of Puttable
Shares (such sum of (i), (ii) and (iii), the Shares Purchase Price provided that the Shares Purchase Price will be reduced
by for the first full calendar quarter after 90 days following the Closing sooner than the Put Date that the Put occurs if the Put
does so occur, plus an additional reduction of if the Put occurs before 90 days following the Closing. The purchase price payable
by AGBA will be escrowed in the amount of the redemption price per share. At the election of AGBA, of the Shares Purchase Price
can be paid using Ordinary Shares rather than cash. The Meteora Backstop Agreement matures nine months after the closing of the Business
Combination. 

F- 23 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

million of restricted cash, of which (i) million (2021: million) was held in certain bank accounts on behalf of the Company s
customers and (ii) million (2021: Nil) was held in an escrow account in connection with the Meteora Backstop Agreement. 

Accounts receivable related parties 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Balance at end of year 

F- 24 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Personal loans to affiliates, unsecured 
 -

Total loans 

Less: allowance for loan losses 
 -

Loans receivables, net 

Reclassifying as: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

Loans receivables, net 

and (2021: to per annum for the year ended December 31, 2022. Mortgage loans are secured by collateral in
the pledge of the underlying real estate properties owned by the borrowers. 

to years. 

Written-off 

Balance at end of year 
 -

F- 25 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Past due: 

30-59 days 
 - 
 - 
 
 60-89 days 
 - 
 - 
 
 90 or more days due and still accruing interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nonaccrual 
 -
 
 -

Total loans 

1-5 years 

5-10 years 

More than 10 years 

Total loans 

F- 26 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

OAEM 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -

Loss 
 -
 
 -

Total loans 

million for the purchase of shares of Investment A from the shareholder.
The purchase price is amounted to approximately million at the historical carrying amount. The transaction was completed on April
20, 2022. This transaction is recorded based on the historical carrying amount to the shareholder accordingly. 

million for the purchase of an office premises from the shareholder. The purchase price is amounted to
approximately million at the current market value. The transaction was completed on January 25, 2022. This transaction is recorded
based on the historical carrying amount to the shareholder accordingly. 

Non-marketable equity securities: 

Investment A 

Investment B 

Investment D 

Investment E 

Investment F 

- 
 - 
 
 Total 

Net carrying value 

F- 27 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

in Investee A to the shareholder for a consideration of at its net carrying value, resulted
with a loss on the sale of . 

million, resulted
with a realized gain of approximately million. The Company received the cash proceeds of million during the year ended
December 31, 2021 and the remaining balance was received in January 2022. 

on equity method investments. 

for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

and , which were traded at a closing price of and per share, respectively. 

and , respectively in the changes in fair value. 

F- 28 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Additions 

Change from Level 3 to Level 1 
 -

Adjustments: 

Upward adjustments 

Downward adjustments 
 
 -

Foreign exchange adjustment 

Balance at end of year 

Upward adjustments 

Non-marketable equity securities: 

Unrealized gains Investment F 

Unrealized losses (including impairment) Investment A and B 
 
 -

Realized gains Investee B 
 -

Dividend income 
 
 -

Investment (loss) income, net 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Computer equipment 

Motor vehicles 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

million at the net carrying value of the office premises. The
transaction was completed on January 25, 2022 and recorded at the historical carrying amount accordingly. 

F- 29 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and , respectively. 

per annum, is repayable in September
2023 and secured by an office premises with carrying amount of million located in Hong Kong. 

Change in fair value 

Fair value of FSP liability as of
 December 31, 2022 

, recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Exercise price 

Term 

year 

year 

private warrants outstanding. 

F- 30 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Exercise price 

Warrant remaining life 

years 

years 

and , respectively. The changes in fair value for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

ordinary shares issued and outstanding and ordinary shares to be issued under the reserve. 

per full share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The
warrants became exercisable days after the Closing of the Business Combination and will expire five years after the Closing of the
Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Pursuant to the warrant agreement,
a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only an even number of warrants may be
exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

F- 31 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of
warrants. Whether the Company will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis 
will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, the
Company s cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

public warrants and private warrants outstanding. 

rights were automatically converted to ordinary shares of the Company. There were no outstanding rights as of December 31, 2022. 

million, in aggregate, representing certain amount due to it and treat as additional paid-in capital. 

F- 32 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

million to TAG Holdings Limited, the shareholder who represented ordinary share of TAC. The
dividends were paid by offsetting the receivable due from the shareholder and the remaining balance was paid by cash. The special dividend
distribution was made due to the investment income from the sale of all equity interest in Nutmeg Saving and Investment Limited in September
2021. 

of
the total issued and outstanding ordinary shares of the Company. The Scheme provides for grants of share awards and restricted share
units. Restricted share units is the grant of a right to receive a specified number of the Company s ordinary shares upon lapse
of a specified forfeiture condition such as completion of a specified period of service or achievement of certain specified performance.
Directors, officers, consultants, and employees of the Company, as well as others performing consulting service providers for the Company,
are eligible for grants under the Scheme. 

ordinary shares under the Scheme. Among shares, shares granted are vested immediately on the date
of grant for compensating the contributions of prior services and performance of the eligible employees. The remaining shares
are granted as restricted share units RSUs to employees and consultants as additional compensation. These RSUs typically
will be vested over to period from 2023 to 2026. The weighted average grant-date fair value of the shares granted during
the year ended December 31, 2022 was per share. 

ordinary shares to the directors and officers of the Company under the Scheme. The share awards are granted for compensating
the contributions of prior services by certain employees and immediately vested. The weighted average grant-date fair value of the shares
granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was per share. 

forfeitures for
restricted share units. 

million for RSUs and they are expected to
be recognized over the weighted average period of years. The Company recorded share-based compensation expense for the
year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in the operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Outstanding, end of year 

F- 33 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

shares in exchange for all of its share capital.
The effect of the Business Combination was recast to reflect the reverse recapitalization as of January 1, 2021, and will be utilized
for the calculation of earnings per share in all prior periods. The per share amounts have been updated to show the effect of the exchange
on earnings per share as if the exchange occurred at the beginning of both fiscal years for the consolidated financial statements of
the Company. The impact of the stock exchange is also shown on the Company s consolidated statements of changes in shareholders 
equity. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net (loss) income per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

-

Shares award granted (Note 15) 
 
 -

-

Deferred tax 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax expense 

F- 34 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

to on the assessable income arising
in Hong Kong during its tax year. 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 

Income not subject to taxes 

Non-deductible items: 

- Share-based compensation 

- Investment loss, net 

- Change in fair values of warrant liabilities and FSP liability 

- Items not subject to tax deduction 

Tax effect on temporary differences not recognized 

Under (over) provision of prior years 

Net operating loss 

Tax holiday 

Other 

Income tax expense 

-

Deferred tax assets, net: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Less: valuation allowance 

- 
 - 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 
 
 -

million and million, respectively of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future
taxable income. Net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely but cannot
be carried back to prior years. There are no group relief provisions for losses or transfers of assets under Hong Kong tax regime. Each
company within a corporate group is taxed as a separate entity. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against
the deferred tax assets on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes that
it is more likely that not all of these assets will be realized in the future. The valuation allowance is reviewed annually. 

F- 35 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Platform Business 

Fintech Business 

Healthcare Business 

F- 36 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

-
 
 -

- Non-interest income 

-

Less: inter-segment 
 -
 
 -

-

-
 
 -

Commission expense 

-
 
 -

Depreciation 

-

Loss from operations 

-

Investment loss, net 
 -
 
 -

-

Total assets 

-

- Non-interest income 

-
 
 -

Less: inter-segment 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Commission expense 

-
 
 -

Depreciation 

-

Income (loss) from operations 

-

Investment income, net 
 -
 
 -

-

Total assets 

Non-marketable equity securities Investment E 
 
 - 

Balance with the shareholder: 

Earnest deposit 
 
 - 

Amount due to shareholder 
 (b) 
 
 -

Receivable from the shareholder 
 
 - 

F- 37 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Management fee income 
 
 -

Interest income on debt securities 
 
 - 

Commission expenses 
 (d) 

Redemption of corporate bonds 
 
 - 

Sales of investment Investee A 
 
 - 

Purchase of non-marketable equity security Investment E 
 
 - 

Purchase of non-marketable equity security Investment F 
 (e) 
 
 -

Transaction with the shareholder: 

Interest expense on note payable to the shareholder 
 
 -

Office and operating fee charge 
 (f) 

General and administrative expense allocated 
 (g) 

Purchase of investment from the shareholder 
 (h) 
 
 -

Purchase of office building from the shareholder 
 (i) 
 
 -

Declaration of special dividends to the shareholder 
 (j) 
 
 -

(d) (e) equity interest in Investment F from a related party in October 2022, based on its historical carrying amount. (f) (g) (h) shares of Investment A from the shareholder at the historical carrying amount and the transaction was completed in April 2022. (i) (j) million to TAG Holdings Limited, the shareholder who represented 1 ordinary share of TAC. The dividends were paid by offsetting the receivable due from the shareholder amounted to and the remaining balance was paid by cash. The special dividend distribution was made due to the investment income from the sale of Nutmeg in September 2021. 

F- 38 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Customer B 

(approximately if the bank with which an individual/a
company hold its eligible deposit fails. As of December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents of million and fund held in escrow of
 million were maintained at financial institutions in Hong Kong, of which approximately million was subject to credit risk.
While management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, it also continually monitors their credit worthiness. 

of total combined loans receivables, and their related net loans receivables balance as a percentage of total
combined loans receivables, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Customer D 

Customer E 

Customer F 

F- 39 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and , respectively, mainly attributable from the long-term investments
which are mostly denominated in Sterling. 

million (equal to HK .1million). The case is on-going and parties have yet to
attempt mediation. Legal counsel of the Company will continue to handle in this matter. At this stage in the proceedings, it is unable
to determine the probability of the outcome of the matter or the range of reasonably possible loss, if any. 

million (equal to HK million). The Company previously made million as contingency loss for the year ended December 31,
2021. Parties participated in a mediation held on March 25, 2022 and negotiated for settlement through without prejudice correspondence,
no settlement was reached. There is an up-coming case management hearing on July 25, 2023 and legal counsel of the Company will continue
to handle this matter. At this stage in the proceedings, it is unable to determine the probability of the outcome of the matter or any
further potential loss, if any. 

F- 40 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA
Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in
United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

shares of its issued and outstanding
ordinary shares from Meteora in nine months following the Closing of Business Combination (see Note 4). 

-owned investee (Investment A). Pursuant to the Agreements, the Company agrees to subscribe an amount of , which is payable on or before January 31, 2024 and bears a fixed interest rate of per annum. At the maturity on , the Company, at its discretion, has option to convert the Note into the voting shares of CurrencyFair. Subsequently, up to the issuance of the audited consolidated financial statements, the Company paid for the subscription of the Note. 

ordinary shares, representing of the total issued and outstanding ordinary
shares of the Company as of December 31, 2022, for issuance or may become issuable. 

ordinary shares to a consultant. The shares are vested and issued immediately on the
date of grant to compensate the prior services provided. The weighted average grant-date fair value of the shares granted was 
per share. 

F- 41 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Restricted cash 

Deposit, prepayments, and other receivables 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Investments in subsidiaries 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Amounts due to subsidiaries 

Amounts due to related companies 

Forward share purchase liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 -

Shareholders deficit: 

Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Ordinary shares to be issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

F- 42 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Total operating cost and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of forward share purchase liability 

Sundry income 

Total other expense, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 -

NET LOSS 

F- 43 

AGBA GROUP HOLDING LIMITED 

(Formerly known as AGBA Acquisition Limited) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Share-based compensation expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of forward share purchase liability 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Deposits, prepayments, and other receivables 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances from related companies 

Cash proceeds due to reverse recapitalization 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash, cash equivalent and restricted cash 

BEGINNING OF YEAR 
 -

END OF YEAR 

Reconciliation to amounts on consolidated balance sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

F-44 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-3_agba.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of March 31, 2023, AGBA
Group Holding Limited we, our, us or the Company had the following two classes
of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) ordinary
share, 0.001 par value per share the ordinary shares and (ii) public warrants, each whole warrant
exercisable for one-half of one ordinary share for 11.50 per share (the public warrants ). 

The following summary of
the material terms of our securities is not intended to be a complete description of all of the rights and preferences of such securities.
Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and is qualified by reference to
our Fifth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter and the Warrant Agreement (as defined
below), which are exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ). We urge you to read each of the Charter
and the Warrant Agreement in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meaning assigned to them in the Annual Report of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. 

Authorized and Outstanding Shares 

The Fifth Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association authorize the issuance of a maximum of 200,000,000 shares of a single class, each with a par
value of US 0.001. 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were 53,835,000 ordinary shares outstanding. We have also issued 5,887,500 warrants consisting of 4,600,000 public warrants and 225,000
warrants (the private warrants, and together with the public warrants, the warrants ). 

Voting rights . 

Each holder of ordinary shares
is entitled to one vote for each ordinary share held of record by such holder on all matters on which shareholders are generally entitled
to vote. Generally, matters to be voted on by shareholders must be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by all shareholders
present in person or by proxy, except for matters which require a special resolution of shareholders which requires a resolution passed
by the affirmative vote of a majority of seventy-five percent (75 or more of the votes of the shares of such shareholders entitled
to vote. 

Dividend rights . 

The holders of ordinary shares
are entitled to receive the right to an equal share in any dividend paid by the Company, as may be declared from time to time by the board
out of funds legally available for such purposes. 

Rights upon liquidation . 

In the event of any liquidation
of AGBA Group Holding Limited s affairs, the holders of ordinary shares are entitled to share ratably in the distribution of the
surplus assets of the Company. 

Other rights . 

The holders of ordinary shares
have no pre-emptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable
to the ordinary shares. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of the ordinary shares will be subject to any special rights
conferred on any class of share as determined by the board upon its issue or as varied from time to time. 

Election of Directors and Vacancies 

The Charter provides that the
directors shall be elected by ordinary shareholder resolution or resolution of directors. A director may be removed, with or without cause,
by ordinary shareholder resolution at a general meeting, and the board may at any time appoint any person to be a director either to fill
a vacancy or as an addition to the existing directors. 

No Cumulative Voting 

The Charter does not authorize
cumulative voting. 

General Shareholder Meetings 

The Charter provides that general
meetings may be convened by the board or on the requisition in writing of any shareholders representing at least 30 of the voting rights
of the issued shares. 

Requirements for Advance Notification of Shareholder
Meetings 

The Charter provides for advance
notice procedures with respect to shareholder meetings. 

Special Resolutions of Shareholders 

The Charter provides that the
Memorandum or Articles of Association may only be amended by special resolution of shareholders, which requires the affirmative vote of
at least 75 of the shareholders entitled to vote. The Charter also provides that the company may by special resolution of shareholders
and resolution of directors continue as a company incorporated under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the BVI. 

Mandatory Arbitration Provision 

The Charter includes a mandatory
arbitration provision pursuant to which any dispute or difference between the company and any of its shareholders, or between the shareholders,
which cannot be resolved amicably shall be referred to a sole arbitrator and finally resolved by arbitration. 

This provision shall apply
to any dispute or difference arising out of, under or in connection with the Charter or in relation to the rights or obligations of any
shareholder in his capacity as a member of the company (whether arising by contract, under statute, at common law or in equity) and including
for the avoidance of doubt to a purchaser in a secondary transaction. 

Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of the company shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the mandatory arbitration
provisions in the Charter. 

Any party to a dispute may
serve a written notice on the other party(ies) to the dispute that the dispute must be resolved by arbitration. The parties to the dispute
shall then seek to agree the identity of and jointly appoint the arbitrator. If the parties are unable to agree upon the identity of an
arbitrator within 21 days of service of the written notice, the arbitrator shall be appointed by the BVI International Arbitration Centre
upon the request of either party. No person may act as arbitrator (including as a replacement for an arbitrator who ceases to act) where
they have a conflict of interest or duty in relation to the dispute. 

The arbitration shall be held
in Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands and shall be conducted in English. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with
the BVI IAC Arbitration Rules 2016, the provisions of which shall be deemed to be incorporated into the Charter. All of the provisions
of Schedule 2 to the Arbitration Act 2013 shall apply. The seat of the arbitration shall be the British Virgin Islands irrespective
of where the arbitrator signs the award, and the proper law of the arbitration shall be British Virgin Islands law. If any party fails
to comply with any procedural order made by the Arbitrator, the Arbitrator shall have power to proceed in the absence of that party and
deliver the award. 

The enforceability of similar
mandatory arbitration provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation or bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings,
and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against the Company, a court could find the mandatory arbitration
provisions contained in the Charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action or with respect to a claim arising under another
law, and the Company and/or its shareholders may incur additional costs associated with resolving such actions. 

2 

This provision of the Charter
shall not apply to actions or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act, or any claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States are, as a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum
for determination of such a claim. 

Section 27 of the Exchange
Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder; the Company s shareholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived compliance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

The mandatory arbitration provisions
may impose additional litigation costs on shareholders in pursuing any such claims. Additionally, these provisions may have the effect
of discouraging certain lawsuits, including derivative lawsuits and lawsuits against the directors and officers of the Company, by limiting
plaintiffs discretion to bring alternative types of claim that they find more favorable. The arbitrator may also reach different
judgments or results than other forums, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to the Company than to its shareholders. 

AGBA Warrants 

Each redeemable warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one-half of one ordinary share (the AGBA Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase
one-half (1/2) of one ordinary share at a price of US 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing
on the completion of an initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, an AGBA Warrant holder may exercise its
warrants only for a whole number of shares. This means that only an even number of warrants may be exercised at any given time by a warrant
holder. However, except as set forth below, no AGBA Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration
statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the AGBA Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary
shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the AGBA Warrants
is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as
there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise AGBA Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise
their AGBA Warrants on a cashless basis. The AGBA Warrants will expire on the earlier to occur of (i) five years after the completion
of an initial business combination, and (ii) the date fixed for redemption of the Warrants as provided in Section 6 of the Warrant Agreement. 

We may call the AGBA Warrants
for redemption (excluding the private warrants but including any outstanding warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option
issued to Maxim Group LLC and its designees), in whole and not in part, at a price of US 0.01 per AGBA Warrant: 

at any time while the warrants are exercisable; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary
shares equals or exceeds US 16.50 per share (subject to adjustment for splits, dividends, recapitalizations and other similar events),
for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third Business Day prior to the notice of redemption to
warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement
in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading
period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

The right to exercise will
be forfeited unless the AGBA Warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption
date, a record holder of an AGBA Warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant
upon surrender of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for
the AGBA Warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise
price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the
share price of the ordinary shares declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop
below the exercise price of the warrants; however, such redemption may occur at a time when the redeemable warrants are out-of-the-money, 
in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of ordinary shares had your AGBA Warrants
remained outstanding. 

3 

In the event we determined
to redeem AGBA Warrants, holders of redeemable AGBA Warrants will be notified of such redemption as described in our warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and AGBA, dated May 14, 2019 (the Warrant Agreement ).
Specifically, in the event that we elect to redeem all of the redeemable AGBA Warrants as described above, we will fix a date for the
redemption (the Redemption Date ). Notice of redemption will be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by us not less
than 30 days prior to the Redemption Date to the registered holders of the AGBA Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they
appear on AGBA s warrant register. Any notice mailed in the manner provided in the Warrant Agreement will be conclusively presumed
to have been duly given whether or not the registered holder received such notice. In addition, beneficial owners of the redeemable AGBA
Warrants will be notified of such redemption via posting of the redemption notice to DTC. 

If we call the AGBA Warrants
for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so
on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the whole AGBA Warrants for
that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying
the AGBA Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. 

The fair market value 
shall mean the volume weighted average price of the ordinary shares for the 20 trading days ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require
all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our
ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share
issuances. 

If our management takes advantage
of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of ordinary shares to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of ordinary shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. 

We believe this feature is
an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after the business combination. If we call our
warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, the holders of the private warrants and their permitted
transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described
above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis. 

The AGBA Warrants are issued
in registered form under the Warrant Agreement which provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any
Warrant holder to cure any ambiguity, correct or supplement any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or
vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of
the registered Warrant holders. 

The exercise price and number
of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share capitalizations,
extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the AGBA Warrants will not be adjusted
for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The AGBA Warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price,
by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights
or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive ordinary shares. After
the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the AGBA Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each ordinary share held
of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

4 

Except as described above,
no AGBA Warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares, unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise
such warrant, a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the AGBA Warrants is current and the ordinary shares
have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants.
Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus
relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the AGBA Warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure
you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the AGBA Warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise.
If the prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the AGBA Warrants is not current or if the ordinary shares
are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the AGBA Warrants reside, we will not be required
to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and
the warrants may expire worthless. 

AGBA Warrant holders may elect
to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder (and his, her or its affiliates)
would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder (and his, her or its
affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
person who acquires an AGBA Warrant with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of our company, or in connection
with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect, immediately upon such acquisition will be deemed to be the
beneficial owner of the underlying ordinary shares and not be able to take advantage of this provision. 

No fractional shares will be
issued upon exercise of the AGBA Warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share (as a result of a subsequent share capitalizations payable in ordinary shares, or by a split up of the ordinary shares or other
similar event), we will, upon exercise, round up or down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the
warrant holder. 

AGBA s Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
ordinary shares and warrant agent for warrants are Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Listing of Securities 

As of December 31, 2022, our
ordinary shares and public warrants were listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols AGBA and AGBAW, 
respectively. 

5 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_agba.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

List of subsidiaries 

Name of subsidiary 
 
 Background 
 
 Effective ownership 
 
 TAG International Limited TIL 

British Virgin
 Islands company 
 Investment
 holding 

100 owned by AGBA 

TAG Asset Partners Limited TAP 

British Virgin
 Islands company 
 Investment
 holding 

100 owned by TIL 

OnePlatform International Limited OIL 

Hong Kong
 company 
 Investment
 holding 
 
 100 owned by TAP 

TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited TAC 

British Virgin
 Islands company 
 Investment holding 
 
 100 owned by AGBA 

OnePlatform Wealth Management Limited
 OWM 

Hong Kong
 company 
 Provision of
 insurance and mandatory provident fund schemes brokerage services 
 
 99.89 owned by OIL 

OnePlatform International Property Limited
 OIP 

Hong Kong
 company 
 Provision of
 overseas real estate brokerage services 
 
 100 owned by OIL 

OnePlatform Asset Management Limited OAM 

Hong Kong
 company 
 Provision of
 investment advisory, funds dealing, introducing broker, and asset management services 
 
 100 owned by OIL 

Kerberos (Nominee) Limited KNL 

Hong Kong
 company 
 Provision of
 escrow services 
 
 100 owned by OAM 

Maxthree Limited Maxthree 

British Virgin
 Islands company 
 Investment holding 
 
 100 owned by OIL 

OnePlatform Credit Limited OCL 

Hong Kong
 company 
 Provision of
 money lending services 
 
 100 owned by Maxthree 

Hong Kong Credit Corporation Limited HKCC 

Hong Kong
 company 
 Provision of
 money lending services 
 
 100 owned by OCL 

Trendy Reach Holdings Limited TRHL 

British Virgin Islands
 company 
 Investment
 holding 
 
 100 owned by Maxthree 

Profit Vision Limited PVL 

Hong Kong company 
 Property
 investment holding 
 
 100 owned by TRHL 

TAG Technologies Limited TAGTL 

British Virgin
 Islands company 
 Investment in
 financial technology business 
 
 100 owned by TAC 

AGBA Group Limited AGL 

Hong Kong
 company 
 Operating as
 cost center for the Company 
 
 100 owned by TAGTL 

Tandem Fintech Limited TFL 

Hong Kong
 company 
 Operating an
 online insurance comparison platform 
 
 100 owned by TAC 

AGBA Innovation Limited AGBA Innovation 

Hong Kong
 company 
 No operations
 since inception 
 
 100 owned by OIL 

FinLiving Limited 

Hong Kong
 company 
 No operations
 since inception 
 
 100 owned by AGBA Innovation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_agba.htm
 CONSENT OF WWC, P.C

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-270016) of AGBA Group Holding Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively the Company ),
of our report dated April 3, 2023, which appears in the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No.: 001-38909) filed with the U.S. Securities
Exchange Commission SEC on April 3, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholder s equity,
and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes included herein. 

San Mateo, California 
 WWC, P.C. 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 Certified Public Accountants 

PCAOB ID No. 1171 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex23-2_agba.htm
 CONSENT OF FRIEDMAN LLP

Exhibit 23.2 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S
CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement of AGBA Group Holding Limited on Form S-8 File No. 333-270016 of our report dated May 16, 2022, which includes
an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audit of the consolidated
financial statements before the effects of the reverse recapitalization described in Note 4 (previously the combined financial statements
of OnePlatform Holdings Limited and Subsidiaries and TAG Asia Capital Holdings Limited and Subsidiaries) as of December 31, 2021 and for
the year ended December 31, 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AGBA Group Holding Limited for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

We were dismissed as auditors on November 30, 2022
and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements incorporated by reference
for the periods after the date of our dismissal. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

 New York, NY 

 April 3, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_agba.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Wing Fai NG, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AGBA Group
Holding Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Wing Fai NG 

Name: 
 Wing Fai NG 

Title: 
 Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_agba.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Shu Pei Huang, Desmond, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AGBA Group
Holding Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Name: 
 Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Title: 
 Acting Group Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_agba.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of AGBA Group
Holding Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), Wing Fai NG,
Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

a. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

b. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Wing Fai NG 

Name: 
 Wing Fai NG 

Title: 
 Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not
being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-2_agba.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of AGBA Group
Holding Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), Shu Pei Huang,
Desmond, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

a. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

b. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Name: 
 Shu Pei Huang, Desmond 

Title: 
 Acting Group Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not
being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 agba-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 agba-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 agba-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 agba-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 agba-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

