<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1117171_0001213900-23-029933.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14537679</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>465398</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3092035</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3517183</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3647003</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3431142</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029933.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414164940
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029933
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		179
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CBAK Energy Technology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117171
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				880442833
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32898
		FILM NUMBER:		23821797

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BAK INDUSTRIAL PARK, MEIGUI STREET
		STREET 2:		HUAYUANKOU ECONOMIC ZONE
		CITY:			DALIAN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			116422
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86)(411)6251-0619

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BAK INDUSTRIAL PARK, MEIGUI STREET
		STREET 2:		HUAYUANKOU ECONOMIC ZONE
		CITY:			DALIAN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			116422

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA BAK BATTERY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDINA COFFEE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000626

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029933.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cbakenergy.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________to _____________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , , Liaoning Province, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone
number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates
(based upon the closing sale price of 1.07 per share) was approximately million. Shares of the registrant s common stock
held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded
from the calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is
not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

There was a total of shares of the registrant s common
stock outstanding as of April 10, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

CBAK ENERGY TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. 
 Business
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 32 

Item 2. 
 Properties
 
 32 

Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 32 

Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]
 
 33 

Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 
 34 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 

Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements And Supplementary Data F-1 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes
 In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure 
 48 

Item 9A. 
 Controls
 And Procedures 
 48 

Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 49 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 49 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers And Corporate Governance 
 50 

Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 55 

Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Stockholder Matters 
 58 

Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence 
 61 

Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees And Services 
 64 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 65 

Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 67 

i 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE 

Use of Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context and for the purposes of
this report only, references in this report to: 

Company , we , us and our are to the combined business of CBAK Energy Technology,
Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries; 

BAK Asia are to our Hong Kong subsidiary, China BAK Asia Holdings Limited; 

CBAK Trading are to our PRC subsidiary, Dalian CBAK Trading Co., Ltd.; 

CBAK Power are to our PRC subsidiary, Dalian CBAK Power Battery Co., Ltd.; 

CBAK Suzhou are to our 90 owned PRC subsidiary, CBAK New Energy (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.; 

CBAK Energy are to our PRC subsidiary, Dalian CBAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.; 

BAK Investments are to our Hong Kong subsidiary, BAK Asia Investments Limited; 

CBAK Nanjing are to our PRC subsidiary, CBAK New Energy (Nanjing) Co., Ltd; 

Nanjing CBAK are to our PRC subsidiary, Nanjing CBAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.; 

Jiangsu Daxin are to our PRC subsidiary, Daxin New Energy Automobile Technology (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.; 

Nanjing BFD are to our PRC subsidiary, Nanjing BFD New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., a company that was previously named Nanjing Daxin New Energy Automobile Industry Co., Ltd. until February 24, 2023; 

Hitrans are to our 67.33 owned PRC subsidiary, Zhejiang Hitrans Lithium Battery Technology (we hold 67.33 of registered equity interests of Hitrans, representing 69.12 of paid-up capital), through CBAK Power previously. On March 10, 2023, CBAK Power entered into an agreement with Nanjing BFD to transfer the 67.33 equity interests CBAK Power holds in Hitrans to Nanjing BFD. As of the date of this report, the registration of the equity transfer with the local government is still in process. Following the transaction, Nanjing BFD shall become the controlling shareholder of Hitrans, while CBAK Power no longer holds any of Hitrans s equity interests. 

Guangdong Hitrans are to Hitrans s 80 owned PRC subsidiary, Guangdong Meidu Hitrans Resources Recycling Technology
Co., Ltd.; 

Haisheng are to Hitrans s wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, Shaoxing Haisheng International Trading Co., Ltd.; 

RMB are to Renminbi, the legal currency of China; 

U.S. dollar , and US are to the legal currency of the United States; 

SEC are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

ii 

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

Statements contained in this report include forward-looking
statements within the meaning of such term in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual financial or operating results, performances
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements not to occur or be realized. Forward-looking statements made in
this report generally are based on our best estimates of future results, performances or achievements, predicated upon current conditions
and the most recent results of the companies involved and their respective industries. Forward-looking statements may be identified by
the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, could, should, project, 
 expect, believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, continue, 
 potential, opportunity or similar terms, variations of those terms or the negative of those terms or other
variations of those terms or comparable words or expressions. 

Readers are urged to carefully review and consider
the various disclosures made by us in this report and our other filings with the SEC. These reports attempt to advise interested parties
of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. New risks emerge from
time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements we may make. The forward-looking statements made in this report speak only as of the date hereof and we disclaim
any obligation to provide updates, revisions or amendments to any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in our expectations or
future events. 

Disclosures Related to Our China-Based Operations 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. is a holding company
incorporated in Nevada, the United States, with no material operations of its own. We conduct our business through our operating subsidiaries
in China. This structure involves unique risks to investors, and you may never directly hold equity interests in the operating entities. 

There are significant legal and operational risks
and uncertainties associated with having substantially all operations in China. The PRC government has significant authority to exert
influence on the ability of a company with substantial operations in China, like us, to conduct its business, accept foreign investments
or be listed on a U.S. stock exchange. For example, we face risks associated with PRC regulatory approvals of offshore offerings, anti-monopoly
regulatory actions, cybersecurity, data privacy and from U.S. regulators if there is a lack of inspection from the U.S. Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, on our auditors, which is further discussed below under The Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act and in various risk factors in Item 1A. Risk Factors. The PRC government may also intervene with
or influence our operations as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. The PRC government
publishes from time to time new policies that can significantly affect our industry in which we operate and we cannot rule out the possibility
that it will in the future further release regulations or policies regarding our industry that could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Any such action, once taken by the PRC government, could cause the value of our common stock to significantly
decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

The PRC legal system is a civil law system based
on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.
China has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all
aspects of economic activities in China or may be subject to a significant degree of interpretation by PRC regulatory agencies and courts.
In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited number of published decisions
and the non-precedential nature of these decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations often give the relevant regulator significant
discretion in how to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can
be inconsistent and unpredictable. Therefore, it is possible that our existing operations may be found not to be in full compliance with
relevant laws and regulations in the future. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules,
some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware
of our violation of these policies and rules until after the occurrence of the violation. 

The PRC government recently initiated a series
of regulatory actions and made a number of public statements on the regulation of business operations in China, including cracking down
on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using a variable interest
entity VIE structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement. We do not believe that our subsidiaries in China are directly subject to these regulatory actions or statements, as we have
not carried out any monopolistic behavior, we have never adopted a VIE structure, and our business does not involve any restricted industry
or implicate cybersecurity. 

For additional information, see
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China The PRC government exerts substantial influence over the
manner in which we conduct our business activities. Its oversight and discretion over our business could result in a material
adverse change in our operations and the value of our common stock. Changes in laws, regulations and policies in China and
uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, rules and regulations in
China can change quickly with little advance notice on page 13, Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in
China Changes in U.S. and Chinese regulations or in relations between the United States and China may adversely impact our
business, our operating results, our ability to raise capital and the value of our securities. Any such changes may take place
quickly and with very little notice on page 15 and Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China There
are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations on page 16. 

iii 

The Holding Foreign
Companies Accountable Act 

In December 2021, the SEC adopted rules (the Final Rules to implement the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCAA ). The HFCAA includes requirements for the SEC to identify
issuers who file annual reports with audit reports issued by independent registered public accounting firms located in foreign jurisdictions
that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position
taken by a non-U.S. authority in the accounting firm s jurisdiction Commission-Identified Issuers ). The HFCAA also
requires that, to the extent that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect an issuer s independent registered public accounting firm
for three consecutive years since 2021, the SEC shall prohibit the issuer s securities registered in the United States from being
traded on any national securities exchange or over-the-counter markets in the United States. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed
the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, and on December 29, 2022, legislation entitled Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2023 (the Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed into law by President Biden, which contained, among other
things, an identical provision to the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and amended the HFCAA by requiring the SEC
to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for
two consecutive years instead of three. 

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report
to notify the SEC of its determination that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, including our auditor. In May 2022, the SEC conclusively listed us as a Commission-Identified
Issuer under the HFCAA following the filing of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. On December
15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the
list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this reason, we
do not expect to be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we file this annual report on Form 10-K. Each year,
the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in mainland China and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions.
If PCAOB determines in the future that it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in mainland
China and Hong Kong and we continue to use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on
our financial statements filed with the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of the annual
report on Form 10-K for the relevant fiscal year. There can be no assurance that we would not be identified as a Commission-Identified
Issuer for any future fiscal year, and if we were so identified for two consecutive years, we would become subject to the prohibition
on trading under the HFCAA, as amended. 

For additional information, see Risk Factor Risks Related
to Doing Business in China The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work performed
for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our auditor in the past has deprived our investors
of the benefits of such inspections. Our common stock may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future
if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of our common stock, or the threat
of its being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. on page 13. 

Permissions Required from the PRC Authorities
for Our Business Operations and Securities Offering 

In addition
to regular business licenses, we are required to obtain the pollutants discharge permit to operate our business in the PRC. We believe
that our PRC operating subsidiaries have obtained all requisite permissions for our operations in all material aspects from relevant Chinese
authorities and none of the requisite permissions for our operations in all material aspects have been denied by the Chinese authorities.
However, we cannot assure you that our PRC subsidiaries are always able to successfully update or renew the licenses or permits required
for the relevant business in a timely manner or that these licenses or permits are sufficient to conduct all of our present or future
business. If our PRC subsidiaries (i) do not receive or maintain required permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently conclude that such
permissions or approvals are not required, or (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and our PRC subsidiaries are
required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future, we could be subject to fines, legal sanctions or an order to suspend our
PRC operating subsidiaries business, which may materially and adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of
operations of us. 

In connection with our previous issuance of securities, under current PRC
laws, regulations and regulatory rules, as of the date of this annual report, we believe that we and our PRC subsidiaries, (i) are not
required to obtain permissions from the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC ), (ii) are not required to go through
cybersecurity review by the Cyberspace Administration of China (the CAC ), and (iii) have not received or were denied such
requisite permissions by any PRC authority. We cannot guarantee that the regulators will agree with us. As of the date hereof, we have
not been involved in any investigations for cybersecurity review made by the CAC, and we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning,
or sanctions in such respect. 

However, the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more
oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. The CSRC published
the Trial Measures and Listing Guidelines on February 17, 2023, designed to regulate overseas securities offerings by PRC domestic companies.
On February 24, 2023, the CSRC, together with the Ministry of Finance, National Administration of State Secrets Protection and National
Archives Administration of China, revised the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration for Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing, which were issued by the CSRC and National Administration of State Secrets Protection and National Archives Administration
of China in 2009, or the Provisions. The revised Provisions were issued under the title the Provisions on Strengthening
Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, and came into effect
on March 31, 2023 together with the Trial Measures. 

Given the recent nature of the introduction of the above Trial Measures,
Listing Guidelines, and Revised Provisions, there remains significant uncertainty as to the enactment, interpretation and implementation
of regulatory requirements related to overseas securities offerings and other capital markets activities. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as of the date of this report, we are not aware of any PRC laws or regulations in effect requiring that we obtain permission from any
PRC authorities to issue securities to foreign investors, and we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanction from the
CSRC, the CAC, or any other PRC authorities that have jurisdiction over our operations. 

For additional information, see Risk
Factor Risks Related to Doing Business in China The PRC government has increasingly strengthened oversight in offerings conducted
overseas or on foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and our common stock
could decline in value or become worthless. on page 14. 

iv 

Cash
and Asset Flows through Our Organization 

Under relevant PRC laws
and regulations, we are permitted to provide funding from the proceeds of our overseas fund raising activities to our PRC subsidiaries
only through loans or capital contributions. In the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, we transferred 69.1 million and nil
to our PRC subsidiaries as capital contribution, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, CBAK Energy Technology, Inc., the Nevada issuer,
had made cumulative capital contributions of 136.2 million to our existing PRC subsidiaries, which were accounted as long-term investments
by us. 

Before Hitrans was acquired by us in November
2021, it declared dividends twice. In January 2020, Hitrans declared dividends for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019. A dividend
of 2,958,048 was declared and paid to its shareholder Zhejiang Meidu Graphene Technology Co., Ltd. For other shareholders, a total dividend
of 2,480,944 was declared in January 2020 but remains unpaid. In March 2018, Hitrans declared a dividend of 1,333,135 for the year ended
December 31, 2017, among which 533,254 was paid in July 2018 and the remaining 799,881 was paid in 2019. Except for the above dividends,
we and our PRC subsidiaries have not previously declared or paid any cash dividend or dividend in kind, and have no plan to declare or
pay any dividends in the near future. We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings to
operate and expand our business. 

Under PRC laws and regulations, we are subject
to various restrictions on intercompany fund transfers and foreign exchange control. To the extent our cash is in the PRC or held by a
PRC entity, the funds may not be available for the distribution of dividends to our investors, or for other use outside of the PRC, due
to the restrictions and limitations on our ability imposed by the PRC government to transfer cash. The PRC government imposes controls
on the convertibility of Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of mainland China. Our
PRC subsidiaries receive substantially all revenue in RMB. Our PRC subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their accumulated after-tax
profits, if any, upon satisfaction of relevant statutory conditions and procedures and determined in accordance with Chinese accounting
standards and regulations. If the PRC foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy
the foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders. Additionally, we may make
loans to our PRC subsidiaries subject to the approval from or registration with PRC governmental authorities and limitation on amount,
or we may make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries. PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities
by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using our funds to make loans
or additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of our PRC subsidiaries
and our ability to fund and expand our business in the PRC, and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
We cannot assure you that the PRC government will not intervene in or impose restrictions on our ability to make intercompany cash transfers. 

For additional information, see Risk Factors Risks Related
to Doing Business in China The PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we conduct our business activities.
Its oversight and discretion over our business could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our common
stock. Changes in laws, regulations and policies in China and uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could materially and
adversely affect us. In addition, rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice. on page 13 and
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities
by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. from
making additional capital contributions or loans to its PRC subsidiaries on page 18. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Investing in our securities involves a high degree
of risk. The following is a summary of significant risk factors and uncertainties that may affect our business, which are discussed in
more detail below under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work performed
for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our auditor in the past has deprived our investors
of the benefits of such inspections. Our common stock may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future
if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting of our common stock, or the threat
of its being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

The PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we conduct our business activities.
Its oversight and discretion over our business could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our common
stock. Changes in laws, regulations and policies in China and uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could materially and
adversely affect us. In addition, rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice. 

v 

The PRC government has increasingly strengthened oversight in offerings conducted overseas or on foreign
investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and our common stock could decline in value
or become worthless. 

Changes in U.S. and Chinese regulations or in relations between the United States and China may adversely
impact our business, our operating results, our ability to raise capital and the value of our securities. Any such changes may take place
quickly and with very little notice. 

There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc., as a holding company incorporated in Nevada, the United States, without material operations of its own,
relies on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by its PRC operating subsidiaries for its cash needs. 

Investors may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions
in China based upon U.S. laws, including the federal securities laws or other foreign laws against us or our management. 

Our independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our business has been and may continue to be adversely affected by the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic or other health epidemics
and outbreaks. 

The acquisition of a controlling interest in Hitrans may fail to result in anticipated benefits but has involved significant investment
and commitment of financial and other resources. 

There are inherent risks associated with new product development and our efforts to develop and market new products could fail. 

Our failure, if any, to keep up with rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards may cause
our products to become obsolete and less marketable, resulting in loss of market share to our competitors. 

Our efforts to enter into the light electric vehicle business could fail. 

Maintaining our R D activities and manufacturing operations require significant capital expenditures, and our inability or failure
to maintain our operations could have a material adverse impact on our market share and ability to generate revenue. 

We face intense competition from other battery manufacturers and cathode material and precursor producers, many of which have significantly
greater resources. 

We are dependent on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues and this dependence is likely to continue. 

vi 

Our business depends on the growth in demand for light electric vehicles, electric vehicles, electric tools, energy storage, such
as UPS application, and other high-power electric devices. 

Our success, in part, depends on the success of manufacturers of the end applications that use our products, and our failure to gain
acceptance of our products from such manufacturers could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 

We do not have product liability insurance for claims against our product quality. Defects in our products could result in a loss
of customers and decrease in revenue, unexpected expenses and a loss of market share. 

We do not have long-term purchase commitments from our customers, which may result in significant uncertainties
and volatility with respect to our revenue from period to period. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to
remediate the material weaknesses or maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately
report our financial results or prevent fraud, and investor confidence and the market price of our shares may be adversely affected. 

Numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause the market price of common stock to fluctuate significantly. 

Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market price of the common stock of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. 

Other risks identified in this report and in our other reports filed with the SEC, including those identified in Item 1A. Risk
Factors below. 

Enforceability of Civil Liabilities 

There is uncertainty as to whether the courts
of China would: 

recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained against us or our directors or officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States; or 

entertain original actions brought in each respective jurisdiction against us or our directors or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. 

The recognition and enforcement of foreign
judgments are provided for under PRC Civil Procedures Law. PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the
requirements of PRC Civil Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity
between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other form of reciprocity with the United States that provide for the reciprocal
recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, courts in the PRC will not enforce
a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates the basic principles of PRC law
or national sovereignty, security or public interest. As a result, it is uncertain whether and on what basis a PRC court would enforce
a judgment rendered by a court in the United States. Under the PRC Civil Procedures Law, foreign shareholders may originate actions based
on PRC law against us in the PRC, if they can establish sufficient nexus to the PRC for a PRC court to have jurisdiction, and meet other
procedural requirements, including, among others, the plaintiff must have a direct interest in the case, and there must be a concrete
claim, a factual basis and a cause for the suit. However, it would be difficult for foreign shareholders to establish sufficient nexus
to the PRC by virtue only of holding our shares of common stock. 

vii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview of Our Business 

We are a manufacturer of new energy high power
lithium batteries that are mainly used in light electric vehicles, electric vehicles, electric tools, energy storage such as uninterruptible
power supply (UPS) application, and other high-power applications. Our primary product offering consists of new energy high power lithium
batteries, but we are also seeking to expand into the production and sale of light electric vehicles. After completing the acquisition
of 81.56 of registered equity interests (representing 75.57 of paid-up capital) of Hitrans in November 2021, we entered into the business
of developing and manufacturing NCM precursor and cathode materials. Hitrans is a leading developer and manufacturer of ternary precursor
and cathode materials in China, whose products have a wide range of applications including electric vehicles, electric tools, high-end
digital products and storage, among others. 

We acquired most of our operating assets, including
customers, employees, patents and technologies from our former subsidiary BAK International (Tianjin) Ltd. BAK Tianjin ).
We acquired these assets in exchange for a reduction in accounts receivable from our former subsidiaries that were disposed of in June
2014. 

As of December 31, 2022, we report financial
and operational information in two segments: (i) production of high-power lithium battery cells, and (ii) manufacture and sale of materials
used in high-power lithium battery cells. 

Our business has been and may continue to be adversely affected by the
COVID-19 pandemic or other health epidemics and outbreaks. A wave of infections caused by the Omicron variant emerged in Shanghai in early
2022, and a series of restrictions and quarantines were implemented to contain the spread in Shanghai and other regions. Our manufacturing
facilities in Dalian, Nanjing and Shaoxing were not producing at full capacity when restrictive measures were in force during 2022, which
negatively affected our operational and financial results. China began to modify its zero-COVID policy at the end of 2022, and most of
the travel restrictions and quarantine requirements were lifted in December 2022. 

We generated revenues of 248.7 million and 52.7
million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had a net loss of 10.5 million and net profit of 61.6
million in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of
 131.7 million and net assets of 125.2 million. We had an accumulated deficit from recurring net losses and significant short-term debt
obligations maturing in less than one year as of December 31, 2022. 

Favorable
Policies for New Energy Vehicles 

The clean energy industry is of strategic importance
in China, and the government has been providing support for the development of new energy facilities and vehicles for several years. We
anticipate securing more potential orders from the new energy market. With the growing demand for high-power lithium-iron products, we
are optimistic about our future prospects. 

Starting in 2015, the Chinese government has been
providing consumers with subsidies for purchases of electric vehicles. Subsidies vary depending on electric vehicles endurance
mileages, battery pack energy density, energy consumption level and others, as a result of which new energy vehicles providing long driving
range and high technical performance get higher subsidies. Between 2017 and 2020, the Chinese government gradually decreased subsidy levels
for electric vehicles year by year. On April 23, 2020, the Chinese government extended these subsidies for another two years with a planned
reduction of 10 , 20 and 30 in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Ultimately, these subsidies were discontinued entirely on December
31, 2022. 

On the other hand, for the purposes of establishing
a long-term mechanism for the administration of energy conservation and new energy vehicles, and promoting the development of the automobile
industry, the Chinese government has implemented several policies to stimulate the production of new energy vehicles. On December 26,
2017, the Chinese government issued a policy to exempt purchase tax levied on electric vehicles for three years until 2020. In March 2020,
the Chinese government extended such purchase tax exemption to 2022. In September 2022, the Chinese government again extended the purchase
tax exemption to the end of 2023. 

On September 28, 2017, China's Ministry of Industry
and Information Technology introduced the Measures for Parallel Administration policy. This policy monitors Average Fuel Consumption Credits
and New Energy Vehicle Credits for passenger vehicle manufacturers. If a manufacturer has negative credits, high-fuel consumption vehicle
production will be suspended. Positive credits can be transferred among affiliated enterprises, while negative credits require compensation
or purchasing of positive new energy vehicle credits. This policy incentivizes automakers to produce more new energy vehicles, and it
became effective on April 1, 2018. 

1 

On October 20, 2020, the State Council of PRC issued a new round of
 Development Plan for New Energy Vehicles Industry (2021-2035) Plan ), which is a successor to the previously
published Development Plan for Energy Conservation and New Energy Vehicles Industry (2012-2020) . The Plan acknowledges
various challenges faced by Chinese new energy vehicle manufacturers and emphasizes the need to enhancing R D ability, expanding
infrastructure and promoting industry-wide integration. The Plan further outlined the policy and administrative support that would be
provided to the industry, reaffirming the importance of new energy vehicle development for China. 

On January 21, 2021, the Ministry of Transport
of PRC issued a new policy named the 14 th Five-year Development Plan for Green Transport (the 14 th 
Five-year Plan ), which aims to accelerate the adoption of new energy and clean energy vehicles for urban buses, taxis and logistical
vehicles. The 14 th Five-year Plan mandates that, in designated national ecological experimental zones and air pollution control
zones, new energy vehicles must comprise at least 80 of buses, taxis and logistical vehicles. 

On October 24, 2021, the State Council of PRC
issued a new policy named the Action Plan to Peak Carbon Dioxide Emissions before 2030 (the Action Plan ),
which further underscores the significance of promoting clean energy generation facilities and expanding charging networks for new energy
vehicles. The Action Plan reflects the determination of the Chinese government in reducing carbon dioxide emissions and providing support
to the development of the new energy industry. 

On November 15, 2021, the Chinese Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology introduced a new policy named the 14 th Five-year Plan for Green Industrial Development. 
This policy sets forth a target to achieve significant progress in battery recycling for energy storage and power battery sectors by 2025. 

On April 25, 2022, China s General Office
of the State Council issued a new guideline named Guideline on Further Stimulation and Recovery of Consumption. This guideline
highlights the necessity of promoting green energy vehicles in the public transportation space. 

We believe these energy efficiency policies will
foster healthy development in the new energy vehicles market in the long term. In the short term, the extension of the purchase tax exemption
policy alleviates pressure on electric vehicle manufacturers, benefiting the Chinese EV battery market. China s new energy market
has experienced rapid growth. According to the Chinese Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (the MIIT ), there
are 7,058,000 new energy vehicles manufactured and 6,887,000 sold in 2022, representing 96.9 and 93.4 increases from 2021. However,
as subsidies end in 2022, the electric vehicle market will face full competition. We believe this situation presents growth potential
for the light electric vehicle market, including electric bicycles, as well as the energy storage market. MIIT data shows a 130 increase
in installed capacity in the energy storage market compared to 2021. We plan to maintain our focus on cylindrical batteries for UPS and
other energy storage markets, while allocating resources to higher energy density products for the light electric vehicle market. We are
also researching new products to meet EV market demand. Our strategies involve closely monitoring market changes and adjusting operations
as needed. 

Expansion of Manufacturing Capabilities 

In June 2020, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BAK
Asia entered into a framework investment agreement with Jiangsu Gaochun Economic Development Zone Development Group Company Gaochun
EDZ ), pursuant to which we intend to develop certain lithium battery projects which are expected to have a total production capacity
of 20 GWh per year. As of December 31, 2022, we had received government subsidies in an amount of RMB47.1 million (approximately 7.4
million) from Gaochun EDZ. We plan to attain a total capacity of 20 GWh per year to produce lithium batteries for the light electric
vehicle (LEV), electric vehicle, and energy storage sectors. The Company expects to achieve such capacity expansion through two phases
of construction: Phase I was constructed in 2021 and will reach an annual production capacity of 2 GWh by the end of 2023. Phase
II is anticipated to complete by the end of 2025 to reach the remaining 18 GWh of the planned annual production capacity expansion. The
actual production capacity and construction timelines of such battery projects are subject to revision and adjustment based on the market
acceptance of our new battery products. The first-phase construction that has been completed occupies an area of approximately 27,173
square meters. We are installing production lines of model 32140 battery, a new battery model as further described below, in the Phase-I
facility. As of December 31, 2022, a total capacity of 0.7 GWh per year was put into operation in Phase I, and we had started the second-phase
construction. We aim to complete constructing the infrastructure for the initial 60,949 square meters by the third quarter of 2023. 

Further, a new production line in Dalian, with an annual capacity of
0.4 GWh, has been operating to produce additional 100,000 model 26650 batteries daily due to increased demands for our model 26650 batteries.
Furthermore, the Company continues to renovate its existing facilities, upgrade its equipment, add new equipment, improve its product
functionality, and enhance the raw materials and components used for production. 

Development of New Battery Models 

Currently, our primary battery product offering
consists of model 26650, 26700 and 32140 lithium cells which account for approximately 67 of our battery sales in 2022. Model 26650,
26700 and 32140 batteries can be used in light electric vehicles, electric vehicles, electric tools, energy storage such as uninterruptible
power supply (UPS) application, and other high-power applications. 

To maintain our competitive position, we have
developed model 32140 large-sized cylindrical tabless battery which is being produced in our Nanjing manufacturing center.
Model 32140 batteries can be used in end applications such as light electric vehicles, electric vehicles, electric tools and energy storage. 

2 

We also announced in February 2021 that we had
started the trial production of special 26650 lithium battery, which was designed for application in ultra-low temperature. Capable of
operating with high efficiency in low-temperature environments, the special 26650 battery can be used in high-latitude and high-altitude
settings, such as ultra-low-temperature energy storage as well as in base stations, transportation, unmanned drones, aviation and aerospace.
Additionally, it can be employed in other circumstances that require ultra-low-temperature cells. 

Acquisition of a Raw Materials Manufacturer 

On July 20, 2021, CBAK Power, a wholly-owned Chinese
subsidiary of the Company, entered into a framework agreement relating to CBAK Power s investment in Zhejiang Hitrans Lithium Battery
Technology Co., Ltd, pursuant to which CBAK Power agreed to acquire 81.56 of registered equity interests (representing 75.57 of paid-up
capital) of Hitrans (the Acquisition ). The Acquisition was completed on November 26, 2021. 

CBAK Power paid approximately RMB40.74 million 6.4 million) in cash to acquire 21.56 of registered equity interests (representing 21.18 of paid-up capital) of Hitrans from Hitrans
management shareholders. In addition, CBAK Power entered into a loan agreement with Hitrans to lend Hitrans approximately RMB131 million 20.6 million) (the Hitrans Loan by remitting approximately RMB131 million 20.6 million) into the account of Shaoxing
Intermediate People s Court to remove the freeze on Zhejiang Meidu Graphene Technology Co., Ltd. Meidu Graphene s
60 of registered equity interests (representing 54.39 of paid-up capital) of Hitrans which freeze was imposed as a result of a lawsuit
for Hitrans s failure to make payments in connection with the purchase of land use rights, plants, equipment, pollution discharge
permit and other assets (the Assets ). CBAK Power assigned RMB118 million 18.5 million) of the Hitrans Loan to Mr. Junnan
Ye as consideration for the acquisition of 60 of registered equity interests (representing 54.39 of paid-up capital) of Hitrans from
Mr. Ye who, acting as an intermediary, first purchased the 60 of registered equity interests (representing 75.57 of paid-up capital)
of Hitrans from Meidu Graphene. After such assignment, Hitrans shall repay Mr. Ye at least RMB70 million 10.84 million) within two months
of obtaining title to the Assets and the rest RMB48 million 7.43 million) by December 31, 2021, along with a fixed interest of RMB3.5
million 0.54 million) which can be reduced by up to RMB1 million 0.15 million) if the loan is repaid before its due date. Hitrans
shall repay the remaining approximately RMB13 million 2.01 million) of the Hitrans Loan to CBAK Power at an interest rate of 6 per
annum. As of January 29, 2022, Hitrans repaid all the loan principal of RMB118 million 18.5 million) and interest of RMB3.5 million 0.54 million) to Mr. Ye. 

Prior to the Acquisition, CBAK Power and Hangzhou
Juzhong Daxin Asset Management Co., Ltd. Juzhong Daxin entered into a framework investment agreement (the Letter
of Intent for a potential acquisition of Hitrans, and CBAK Power paid RMB20 million 3.10 million) to Juzhong Daxin as a security
deposit under the Letter of Intent. On July 27, 2021, Juzhong Daxin returned RMB7 million 1.1 million) of the security deposit to CBAK
Power. Juzhong Daxin has refused to refund an additional RMB3 million 0.5 million), claiming that the amount was a justified risk premium
for their facilitation of the acquisition. CBAK Power believes this assertion is baseless and has initiated legal proceedings against
Juzhong Daxin to recover the outstanding RMB3 million. 

As part of the Acquisition, Hitrans obtained title
to the Assets. Upon the closing of the Acquisition, CBAK Power became the largest shareholder of Hitrans holding 81.56 of its registered
equity interests (representing 75.57 of paid-up capital). As required by applicable Chinese laws, CBAK Power is obliged to make capital
contributions for the portion of Hitrans s registered capital subscribed but unpaid in accordance with the articles of association
of Hitrans. 

On
July 8, 2022, Hitrans held a shareholder meeting to pass a resolution to increase the registered capital of Hitrans from RMB40 million
to RMB44 million (approximately 6.2 million) and to accept an investment of RMB22 million (approximately 3.1 million) from Shaoxing
Haiji Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership Shaoxing Haiji and another investment of RMB18 million (approximately
 2.5 million) from Mr. Haijun Wu (collectively, the Management Shareholder Investment ). Under the resolution, 10 of the
Management Shareholder Investment (RMB4 million or 0.5 million) will be counted towards Hitrans s registered capital and the remaining
90 (RMB36 million or 5.1 million) will be treated as additional paid-in capital. 25 of the Management Shareholder Investment was required
to be in place before August 15, 2022. As of September 30, 2022, RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million), representing 25 of the Management
Shareholder Investment was received. Another 25 (RMB10 million) and 50 (RMB20 million) of the Management Shareholder Investment were
required to be received before December 31, 2022 and
June 30, 2024, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the 25 (RMB10 million) of the Management Shareholder Investment was not received.
In addition, in 2022, CBAK Power injected an additional RMB60 million (approximately 8.7 million) in Hitrans comprising RMB6 million 0.9 million) towards Hitrans s registered capital and RMB54 million 7.8 million) as additional paid-in capital. 

On December 8, 2022, CBAK Power entered into
agreements with five investors (together, the Hitrans Investors to transfer an aggregate of 6.8183 equity interests CBAK
Power holds in Hitrans to these Hitrans Investors. Among the five investors, four of them invested RMB5 million (approximately 0.7 million)
each to obtain 1.1364 equity interests, respectively, while the fifth investor paid RMB10 million (approximately 1.5 million) to acquire
2.2727 equity interests. Following the above financing and transfer transactions, CBAK Power s equity interests in Hitrans decreased
to 67.33 , representing 69.12 of paid up capital, as of December 31, 2022. 

The acquisition of Hitrans is a significant step for us in achieving
our strategic objectives of enhancing competitiveness, strengthening position in the supply chain and expanding product offerings. 

Trends in End Applications of Our Products 

Our business, financial condition and results
of operations depend on whether end-application manufacturers are willing to use our products. We target the battery markets for light
electric vehicles, electric vehicles, electric tools, energy storage such as UPS application, and other high-power electric devices. However,
our revenues derived from a specific end-application have been fluctuating depending on various factors such as governmental policies,
technological changes, evolving industry standards and customer needs and preferences. After the acquisition of Hitrans, we have broadened
our target markets to include battery manufacturers, offering them cathode materials and precursors. 

3 

During
the period from 2017 to 2019, our largest electric vehicle customers included Dongfeng Autos, Dayun Motor and Yema Auto. Our battery
sales in the electric vehicle market have decreased significantly during the period of 2018 2021 as a result of changes to the
Chinese government s new energy vehicle subsidy policies. More specifically, under the subsidy policies, new energy vehicles receive
different subsidies based on their driving range and technical performance. New energy vehicles providing long driving range and high
technical performance qualify for higher subsidies and the Chinese government has gradually raised the performance thresholds for electric
vehicles to receive subsidies over the years. Since 2019, as the battery packs comprising our primary model 26650 batteries were only
able to support energy vehicles that qualify for the lowest level of subsidies, electric vehicle producers do not have the incentive
to purchase batteries from us. However, we have been looking for opportunities to re-enter the electric vehicle battery market by continuing
to develop batteries suitable for electric vehicles and actively cooperating with previous electric vehicle customers in battery pack
after-sales service and technical support. As a result of our efforts, we generated approximately 4.7 million and 0.2 million in revenues
from electric vehicle customers in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our largest revenue-generating market is the energy storage market. We
have established partnerships with several leading players in this sector, resulting in ample orders to adequately utilize our production
lines. 

Our Corporate History and Structure 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on October 4, 1999. The shares of common stock of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. traded in the over-the-counter market
through the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board between 2005 and May 31, 2006. On May 31, 2006, CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. obtained approval
to list its common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, and trading commenced on the same date under the symbol CBAK. Effective
November 30, 2018, the trading symbol for the common stock of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. changed from CBAK to CBAT. Effective
June 21, 2019, CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. s common stock started trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

We currently conduct our business primarily through
(i) three wholly-owned operating subsidiaries in China that we own through BAK Asia, an investment holding company formed under the laws
of Hong Kong on July 9, 2013; (ii) CBAK Nanjing, a wholly-owned subsidiary in China that we own through BAK Investments, an investment
holding company formed under the laws of Hong Kong and acquired by us on July 14, 2020; (iii) Nanjing CBAK, a 100 owned subsidiary of
CBAK Nanjing; (iv) Nanjing BFD, a 100 owned subsidiary of CBAK Nanjing; and (v) Hitrans, a subsidiary of CBAK Power, where CBAK Power
owns 67.33 of registered equity interests (representing 69.12 of paid-up capital): 

CBAK Trading, wholly-owned by BAK Asia, located in Dalian, China, incorporated on August 14, 2013, focuses on the wholesale of lithium
batteries and lithium batteries materials, import export business and related technology consulting service. 

CBAK Power, wholly-owned by BAK Asia, located in Dalian, China, incorporated on December 27, 2013, focuses
on the development and manufacture of high-power lithium batteries. 

CBAK Suzhou, 90 owned by CBAK Power, located in Suzhou, China, incorporated on May 4, 2018, used to focus
on the development and manufacture of new energy high power battery packs. CBAK Suzhou currently does not employee any local staff. Since
its lease expired in October 2019, CBAK Suzhou has stopped using the facilities located at its registered address. Some of its business
has been transferred to our subsidiaries in Dalian and CBAK Suzhou s remaining assets are temporarily stored in our facilities in
Dalian. We plan to dissolve CBAK Suzhou in 2023. 

Hitrans, 67.33 owned by CBAK Power, located in Shangyu, Shaoxing, China, incorporated on December 16, 2015, principally engaged in
the business of research and development, production and sales of cathode materials and precursors for lithium batteries. 

Guangdong Hitrans, 80 owned by Hitrans, located in Dongguan, Guangdong, China, incorporated on July 6, 2018, principally engaged
in the business of wastes recycling. 

Haisheng, wholly-owned by Hitrans, located in Shangyu, Shaoxing, China, incorporated on October 9, 2021, principally engaged in the
business of raw materials trading. 

CBAK Energy, wholly-owned by BAK Asia, located in Dalian, China, incorporated on November 21, 2019, focuses
on the development and manufacture of lithium batteries, wholesale of lithium batteries and lithium batteries materials, import
 export business and related technology consulting service. 

CBAK Nanjing, wholly-owned by BAK Investments located in Nanjing, China, incorporated on July 31, 2020,
focuses on the development and manufacture of lithium batteries, wholesale of lithium batteries and lithium batteries materials,
import export business and related technology consulting service. 

Nanjing CBAK, wholly owned by CBAK Nanjing, located in Nanjing, China, incorporated
on August 6, 2020, focuses on the development and manufacture of lithium batteries, wholesale of lithium batteries and lithium batteries 
materials, import export business and related technology consulting service. 

Nanjing BFD, wholly-owned by CBAK Nanjing, incorporated on November 9, 2020, formally known as Nanjing Daxin, renamed on March 8, 2023, focuses on the development and manufacture of electric bicycle, motorcycle and automotive spare parts, import export business and related technology consulting service. 

Jiangsu Daxin, wholly-owned by Nanjing BFD, incorporated on August 4, 2021, focuses on the development and manufacture of electric
bicycle, motorcycle and automotive spare parts, import export business and related technology consulting service. 

4 

Almost all of our business operations are conducted primarily through our
Chinese subsidiaries. The chart below presents our current corporate structure: 

On March 10, 2023, CBAK Power entered into an agreement with Nanjing BFD to transfer the 67.33 equity interests CBAK Power holds in Hitrans to Nanjing BFD. As of the date of this report, the registration of the equity transfer with the local government is still in process. Following the transaction, Nanjing BFD shall become the controlling shareholder of Hitrans, while CBAK Power no longer holds any of Hitrans s equity interests. 

Our Products 

The use of new materials has enabled the configuration
of high-power lithium battery cells to contain much higher energy density and higher voltage and have a longer life cycle and shorter
charge time than other types of lithium-based batteries. These special attributes, coupled with intrinsic safety features, are suitable
for batteries used for high-power applications, such as electric cars, electric bicycles, electric tools, and energy storage such as uninterruptible
power supply, or UPS application. 

We currently are manufacturing the following high power lithium batteries,
which can be used for various applications: 

Battery Cell Type 
 
 End applications 
 
 High-power lithium battery 
 
 Electric bus [6,000-20,000] 

Electric car [1,500-3,5000] 

Hybrid electric vehicle [500-2000] 

Light electric vehicle [10-150] 

Cordless power tool [10-30] 

Energy Storage including UPS [>30] 

Bracketed numbers denote number of cells per particular battery. 

5 

On November 29, 2021, we announced the completion of the acquisition
of 81.56 equity interests of Hitrans. We thus incorporate the manufacture and sale of the following materials used in high power lithium
batteries as part of our operations: 

Material Type 
 
 End applications 
 
 Cathode 
 
 High-power lithium battery 
 
 Precursor 
 
 Cathode materials 

Precursors are in general made from nickel salts,
cobalt salts and manganese salts, and are used in manufacturing cathode materials. Cathode materials are crucial raw materials to manufacture
lithium-ion batteries. 

Key High Power Lithium Battery Applications 

End-product applications that are driving the
demand for high power lithium batteries include electric vehicles, such as electric cars, electric buses, hybrid electric cars and buses;
light electric vehicles, such as electric bicycles, electric motors, sight-seeing cars; and electric tools, energy storage including but
not limited to uninterruptible power supply application, and other high-power applications. 

Electric Vehicles 

An electric vehicle, sometimes referred to as
an electric drive vehicle, uses one or more electric motors for propulsion. Electric vehicles include electric cars, electric buses, electric
trains, electric lorries, electric airplanes, electric boats, and hybrid electric vehicles, plug in hybrid electric vehicles and electric
spacecraft. Electric cars and electric buses are propelled by one or more electric motors powered by rechargeable battery packs. Electric
cars and buses have the potential to significantly reduce city pollution by having zero tail pipe emissions. Electric cars and buses are
also expected to have less dependence on oil. World governments are pledging significant funds to fund the development of electric vehicles
and their components due in part to these advantages. Due to these factors and a lithium battery s relatively environmentally-friendly,
light-weight and high-capacity features, the demand for lithium batteries in the field of electric cars and buses is increasing. 

Due to such recent trends as renewed concerns
relating to the availability and price of oil, increased legal fuel-efficiency requirements and incentives, and heightened interest in
environmentally-friendly or green technologies, hybrid electric vehicles are likely to continue to attract substantial interest
from vehicle manufacturers and consumers. Hybrid electric vehicles include automobiles, trucks, buses, and other vehicles that combine
a conventional propulsion system with a rechargeable energy storage system to achieve better fuel economy than conventional vehicles.
As these vehicles tend to be large and heavy, their rechargeable energy storage system generally consists of a large quantity of rechargeable
high-power lithium cells. 

Many industry insiders reviewed 2014 as the inaugural year for the development
of China s new energy vehicle industry. After explosive growth in 2017, the production and sales of new energy vehicles continued
to grow tremendously in 2018, 2020 and 2021, despite a slight decline in 2019. According to Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
of China MIIT ), from January to December 2018, the production of new energy vehicles in China reached 1,270,000 units -
up 43.4 percent year-on-year; and sales in China reached 1,256,000 units - up 61.7 percent year-on-year. In 2019, the production and sales
of new energy vehicles reached 1,242,000 units and 1,206,000 units, down 2.3 percent and 4.0 percent year-on-year, respectively. In 2020,
the production and sales of new energy vehicles reached 1,366,000 units and 1,267,000 units, up 10.0 percent and 5.1 percent, respectively,
from 2019. In 2021, the production and sales of new energy vehicles continued to grow significantly, reaching a record high of 3,545,000
units and 3,521,000 units, both up almost 1.6 times from last year. In 2022, there are 7,058,000 units of new energy vehicles manufactured
and 6,887,000 units sold, both up by 96.9 and 93.4 . The subsidy policy on new energy vehicles was discontinued on December 31, 2022.
In the short term, we expect that the discontinuation of subsidies will have an adverse impact on the Chinese electric vehicle market
in the short term. However, we anticipate that the market will gradually evolve into a highly competitive space in the long term, with
new energy vehicles becoming increasingly popular. 

Light Electric Vehicles 

Light electric vehicles include bicycles,
scooters, and motorcycles , with rechargeable electric motors. Due to their relatively small size and light design, approximately
10-150 high-power lithium cells can be used to power light electric vehicles. We believe that the electric bicycle market in China is
very large. 

6 

Light electric vehicles have drawn great attention
from the international market as a solution to the global environment and energy problems. With governments in China, Japan, Europe, South
Asia, and North America promoting the application of light electric vehicles, this market has been growing tremendously. Typically, China s
domestic market for light electric vehicles is predicted to peak from 2022 to 2023. China has the world s biggest electric bicycle
market, promoted by the adoption of new national standard of electric bicycles by the Chinese government, which leads to
a nation-wide upgrading of electric bicycles from old national standard. Plus, the popularity of the concept of shared electric
bicycles in China further creates momentum to the growth of the market. The pandemic of Covid-19 stimulates the development of food delivery
industry that increases the demand for shared electric bicycles. We believe that the adoption of new national standard and
the increasing demand for shared electric bicycles will rapidly boost the market. 

In India, Southeast Asia and European markets,
thanks to the carbon emission and pollution reduction policies promoted by local governments, electric vehicles have been viewed as a
solution to replace traditional gasoline-powered vehicles. Unlike electric vehicles whose market has already been fully competitive, light
electric vehicles including electric bicycles still have great growth potential. 

Energy Storage Uninterruptible Power Supplies UPS 

Energy storage mainly means storage of electric
energy by battery, inductor, and capacitor. Battery energy storage is mainly used for storage of emergency supply, battery car, and redundant
energy of power plants. A UPS is a form of energy storage application. A UPS provides emergency power from a separate source when utility
power is not available. The most common type of battery used in UPS is Sealed Lead-Acid, however, due to the lithium battery s relatively
small size, light design and environmentally friendly features, the demand for lithium batteries in this industry has been increasing. 

Electric Tools 

Electric tools such as drills, saws and grinders
are used for both commercial and personal use. Due to high power requirements, many electric tools have historically used small combustion
engines, used heavier nickel metal hydride batteries or relied on external power sources. Manufacturers of electric tools, such as Milwaukee
Electric Tool Corporation, Stanley Black Decker, Inc., the Bosch Group, Metabowerke GmbH and Rigid Tool Company have begun to use
lithium-ion technology. The market for portable high-powered electric tools has been rapidly growing and has prompted many users, both
commercial and personal, to replace or upgrade their current power tools. 

Sales and Marketing 

Currently, our marketing department at headquarters
is responsible for promotional efforts. We plan to build an extensive sales and service network in China, highlighted by our presence
in the regions where China s main lithium battery productions are located, such as Tianjin, Shandong Province, Guangdong Province
and Jiangsu Province. We intend to gradually establish post-sales service offices in these areas to serve brand owners and pack manufacturers.
In doing so, our sales staff works closely with our customers to understand their needs and provide feedback to us so that we can better
address their needs and improve the quality and features of our products. 

On
March 10, 2023, CBAK Power entered into an agreement with Nanjing BFD to transfer the 67.33 equity interests CBAK Power holds in Hitrans
to Nanjing BFD. As of the date of this report, the registration of the equity transfer with the local government is still in process.
The transfer fee shall be paid to CBAK Power on or before December 31, 2024. Following the transaction, Nanjing BFD shall become the
controlling shareholder of Hitrans, while CBAK Power no longer holds any of its equity interests. 

We also engage in marketing activities such as
attending industry-specific conferences and exhibitions to promote our products and brand name. We believe these activities are beneficial
to promoting our products and brand name among key industry participants. 

7 

Suppliers 

The primary raw materials used in the manufacture
of lithium-ion batteries include electrode materials, cases and caps, foils, electrolyte and separators. The primary raw materials used
in our materials business include cobaltous sulfates, manganese sulfates, lithium hydroxides, lithium carbonates and liquid nickel sulfates.
Cost of these raw materials is a key factor in pricing our products. We source such raw materials from a couple of suppliers across China.
We believe that there is an ample supply of most of the raw materials we need in China. We are seeking to identify alternative raw material
suppliers to the extent there are viable alternatives and to expand our use of alternative raw materials. 

We aim to maintain multiple supply sources for
each of our key raw materials to ensure that supply problems with any one supplier will not materially disrupt our operations. In addition,
we strive to develop strategic relationships with new suppliers to secure a stable supply of materials and introduce competition in our
supply chain, thereby increasing our ability to negotiate better pricing and reducing our exposure to possible price fluctuations. 

Intellectual Property 

On August 25, 2014, we entered into an intellectual
property rights use agreement with Shenzhen BAK Battery Co., Ltd Shenzhen BAK ), pursuant to which we are authorized to
use Shenzhen BAK s registered logo, trademarks and patents obtained as of June 30, 2014 for a period of 5 years for free from June
30, 2014. As of June 30, 2014, Shenzhen BAK had registered 80 trademarks in the PRC, including BAK in both English and in Chinese characters
as well as its logo, and had registered 49 trademarks in the United States, European Union, Korea, Russia, Taiwan, India, Canada and Hong
Kong. As of June 30, 2014, Shenzhen BAK had registered 522 patents in the PRC and other countries relating to battery cell materials,
design and manufacturing processes. As of December 31, 2019, our intellectual property rights use agreement with Shenzhen BAK had expired,
and we no longer have rights to use the foregoing trademarks and patents of Shenzhen BAK. We believe that our proprietary patents, trademarks
and other intellectual property rights are adequate to fulfill our operational needs. 

As
of December 31, 2022, CBAK Power held 92 patents in the PRC, two of which will expire between 2024 to 2041. Among the 92 patents, two
were acquired by BAK Asia, from an unrelated third party at RMB1 and were contributed as paid-in capital to CBAK Power. As of December
31, 2022, CBAK Energy held 8 patents in the PRC, all of which will expire between 2030 and 2040; Nanjing CBAK held 16 patents in the PRC,
all of which will expire between 2031 and 2039; Nanjing BFD held 8 patents in the PRC, all of which will expire between 2031 and 2039;
Jiangsu Daxin held 11 patents in the PRC, all of which will expire between 2031 and 2036; and Hitrans held 21 patents in the PRC, all
of which will expire between 2028 and 2042. 

We have registered the following Internet and WAP domain name: www.cbak.com.cn. 

We also have unpatented proprietary technologies
for our product offerings and key stages of the manufacturing process. Our management and key technical personnel have entered into agreements
requiring them to keep confidential all information relating to our customers, methods, business and trade secrets during their terms
of employment with us and thereafter and to assign to us their inventions, technologies and designs they develop during their term of
employment with us. 

8 

We have institutionalized our efforts to safeguard
our intellectual property rights by establishing an internal department that includes professionals such as attorneys, engineers, information
managers and archives managers responsible for handling matters relating to our intellectual property rights. We have published internally
a series of rules to protect our intellectual property rights. 

While our intellectual property rights in the
aggregate are important to the operation of each of our businesses, we do not believe that our business would be materially affected by
the expiration of any particular intellectual property right. 

Seasonality 

Seasonality does not materially affect our business
or operating results. As our battery cell and battery material products have a wide range of applications, we have not experienced significant
seasonal fluctuations in market demands or sales recently. Market demands for our products generally slightly drop during the Chinese
New Year holiday, a major national holiday in China. 

Customers 

Currently,
major customers for our high power lithium batteries business include Viessmann Faulquemont S.A.S, ShenZhen ZTS Technology, Co., Ltd.,
Northvolt Battery System AB and SolaX Power. Major customers for our materials segment include Hunan Brunp Recycling Technology Co., Ltd. 
 and Farasis Energy (GanZhou) Co., Ltd. We believe that our revenue
and market share will increase as we gradually expand our high-power battery production to meet the growing demand for these batteries. 

Geography of Sales 

Our revenues are generated from both domestic and international customers,
but the percentage contribution from each group varies significantly from year to year. The following table sets forth certain information
relating to our total revenues by location of our customers for the last two fiscal years: 

Fiscal Years ended 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 

of
 Net 
 
 of
 Net 

Amount 
 Revenues 
 Amount 
 Revenues 

(in thousands of U.S. dollars, except percentages) 
 
 Mainland China 
 43,745,765 
 83 
 198,114,578 
 79 
 
 USA 
 440 
 0 
 36,525 
 0 
 
 Europe 
 8,503,338 
 16 
 50,378,076 
 20 
 
 Others 
 420,190 
 1 
 196,306 
 1 
 
 Total 
 52,669,733 
 100 
 248,725,485 
 100 

9 

Competition 

We face intense competition from high-power lithium
battery makers and raw materials manufacturers in China, as well as in Korea and Japan for each of our product types. The following table
sets forth our major competitors in the battery market broken down by the EV, LEV and UPS sub-sectors as of December 31, 2022, as well
as in the materials market: 

Product Type 
 
 Competitors 

EV battery 
 
 Japan: 
 
 Panasonic Corporation 

Korea: 
 
 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd LG Chemical 

China: 
 
 Tianjin Lishen Battery Joint-stock Co., Ltd
 Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Ltd Hefei Guoxuan Hi-Tech Power Energy Co., Ltd China Aviation Lithium Battery Co., Ltd 
 
 LEV battery 
 
 China: 
 
 Tianneng Power International Limited Chaowei Power
 Holdings Limited Phylion Battery Co., Ltd 
 
 UPS battery 
 
 China: 
 
 Shandong Goldencell Electronics Technology Co., Ltd DLG Power Battery (Shanghai) Co., Ltd 

Dongguan Power Long Battery Technology Co., Limited 
 
 Cathode Precursor 
 
 Japan: 
 
 Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd. 

Korea: 
 
 Umicore N.V. 

China: 
 
 Beijing Easpring Material Technology Co., Ltd. Ningbo Ronbay Lithium Battery Material Co., 

Ltd. 

We believe that we are able to leverage our low-cost
advantage to compete favorably with our competitors. Compared to Korean and Japanese battery makers, we are able to source our needs for
skilled labor and raw materials locally and economically. Compared to Chinese battery makers, we believe we have higher consistency and
safety in product quality, which enables us to compete favorably with local competitors. 

Research and Development 

The development of advanced electric vehicles
in China has created a significant demand for the R D of next-generation advanced lithium batteries and their key materials, which
must be characterized by high energy density, high security, long-lasting life, and low cost. Furthermore, the training of technical talent
in this field is equally important. 

We have an advanced R D center in Dalian for
research and development of lithium batteries, receiving almost all the R D achievements, equipment and staff of BAK Tianjin. BAK
Tianjin began its R D manufacturing and distribution of high-power lithium battery and battery modules in December 2006, for use in
electric cars, electric bicycles, UPS, and other applications. 

In addition to our efforts to develop new batteries
at lower cost and higher energy density, we are also focusing on the research and development of high-nickel low-cobalt materials featuring
high energy density, low cost and broader applications. We operate an advanced R D center in Shaoxing that is focused on battery materials.
Additionally, we invested significant R D resources to develop single-crystal high-voltage products as well as high-rate materials
which can enable a 15C discharge rate. 

Regulatory Compliance 

Environmental Regulations 

As we conduct our manufacturing activities in
China, we are subject to the requirements of PRC environmental laws and regulations on air emission, wastewater discharge, solid waste
and noise. The major environmental regulations applicable to us include the PRC Environmental Protection Law, the PRC Law on the Prevention
and Control of Water Pollution and its Implementation Rules, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Air Pollution and its Implementation
Rules, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pollution, and the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution.
We aim to comply with environmental laws and regulations. We have built environmental treatment facilities concurrently with the construction
of our manufacturing facilities, where waste air, wastewater and waste solids we generate can be treated in accordance with the relevant
requirements. We outsource the disposal of solid waste we generate in the Dalian facility to a third-party contractor. Certain key materials
used in manufacturing, such as cobalt dioxide, electrolyte and separators, have proven innocuous to worker s health and safety as
well as the environment. We are not subject to any admonitions, penalties, investigations or inquiries imposed by the environmental regulators,
nor are we subject to any claims or legal proceedings to which we are named as a defendant for violation of any environmental law or regulation.
We are not aware of any threatened claim, action or legal proceedings that would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

10 

Regulations Relating to Foreign Investment 

The establishment, operation and management of
corporate entities in mainland China are governed by the Company Law of the People s Republic of China, or the China Company Law,
which was adopted by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress SCNPC in December 1993, implemented
in July 1994, and subsequently amended in December 1999, August 2004, October 2005, December 2013 and October 2018. Under the China Company
Law, companies are generally classified into two categories: limited liability companies and companies limited by shares. The China Company
Law also applies to foreign-invested limited liability companies and foreign-invested companies limited by shares. Pursuant to the China
Company Law, where laws on foreign investment have other stipulations, such stipulations shall prevail. In December 2021, the SCNPC issued
the draft amendment to the China Company Law for comment. The draft amended China Company Law has made roughly 70 substantive changes
to the 13 chapters and 218 articles of the current Company Law (rev. 2018). It would (i) refine special provisions on state-funded companies;
(ii) improve the company establishment and exit system; (iii) optimize corporate structure and corporate governance; (iv) optimize the
capital structure; (v) tighten the responsibilities of controlling shareholders and management personnel; and (vi) strengthen corporate
social responsibility. 

Investment activities in mainland China by foreign
investors are governed by the Guiding Foreign Investment Direction, which was promulgated by the State Council on February 11, 2002, and
came into effect on April 1, 2002, and the latest Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for Foreign Investment Access (2022),
or the Negative List, which was promulgated by the Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM and the National Development and Reform
Commission NDRC on March 12, 2022, and took effect on the same date. The Negative List sets out in a unified manner the
restrictive measures, such as the requirements on shareholding percentages and management, for the access of foreign investments, and
the industries that are prohibited for foreign investment. Any field not falling in the Negative List shall be administered under the
principle of equal treatment to domestic and foreign investment. 

The Foreign Investment Law of the People s
Republic of China, or the Foreign Investment Law was promulgated by the NPC in March 2019 and become effective in January 2020. After
the Foreign Investment Law came into force, the Law of the People s Republic of China on Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprises, the Law
of the People s Republic of China on Sino-foreign Equity Joint Ventures and the Law of the People s Republic of China on Sino-foreign
Contractual Joint Ventures have been repealed simultaneously. The investment activities of foreign natural persons, enterprises or other
organizations (hereinafter referred to as foreign investors) directly or indirectly within the territory of mainland China shall comply
with and be governed by the Foreign Investment Law, including: 1) establishing by foreign investors of foreign-invested enterprises in
mainland China alone or jointly with other investors; 2) acquiring by foreign investors of shares, equity, property shares, or other similar
interests of Chinese domestic enterprises; 3) investing by foreign investors in new projects in mainland China alone or jointly with other
investors; and 4) other forms of investment prescribed by laws, administrative regulations or the State Council. 

In December 2019, the State Council issued the
Regulations on Implementing the Foreign Investment Law, which came into effect in January 2020. After the Regulations on Implementing
the Foreign Investment Law came into effect, the Regulation on Implementing the Law on Sino-foreign Equity Joint Ventures, Provisional
Regulations on the Duration of Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures, the Regulations on Implementing the Law on Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprises
and the Regulations on Implementing the Law on Sino-Foreign Cooperative Joint Ventures have been repealed simultaneously. 

11 

In December 2019, the MOFCOM and the State Administration
for Market Regulation SAMR issued the Measures for the Reporting of Foreign Investment Information, which came into effect
in January 2020. After the Measures for the Reporting of Foreign Investment Information came into effect, the Interim Measures on the
Administration of Filing for Establishment and Change of Foreign Invested Enterprises has been repealed simultaneously. Since January
1, 2020, for foreign investors carrying out investment activities directly or indirectly in mainland China, the foreign investors or foreign-invested
enterprises shall submit investment information to the relevant commerce administrative authorities pursuant to these measures. 

None of our PRC subsidiaries business falls within the Negative
List, and therefore, all of our PRC subsidiaries are able to conduct their business without being subject to restrictions imposed by foreign
investment laws and regulations in China. 

Human Capital 

We
had a total of approximately 1,063 employees
as of December 31, 2022, all of whom are full-time employees. The following table sets forth the number of our employees by function. 

Function 
 Number 
 
 Production 
 554 
 
 Research and development 
 220 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 41 
 
 General and administrative 
 248 
 
 Total 
 1,063 

Our employees are not represented by a labor organization or covered
by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages. We believe we maintain good relations with our employees. 

Available Information 

We make available free of charge, on or through
our website, http://www.cbak.com.cn, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and
other filings pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and amendments to such filings, as soon as reasonably
practicable after each is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains our reports,
proxy and information statements, and our other SEC filings. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov. Information appearing
on our website is not part of any report that we file with the SEC. 

12 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN CHINA 

The PCAOB had historically been unable to
inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections
of our auditor in the past has deprived our investors of the benefits of such inspections. Our common stock may be prohibited from trading
in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China.
The delisting of our common stock, or the threat of its being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

Our auditor, the independent registered public
accounting firm that issues the audit report included elsewhere in this annual report, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly
in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts
regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. The auditor is located in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction
where the PCAOB was historically unable to conduct inspections and investigations completely before 2022. As a result, we and investors
in our common stock were deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors
in Hong Kong in the past has made it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our independent registered public accounting firm s
audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors that are subject to the PCAOB inspections. On December 15, 2022,
the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions
where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. However, if the PCAOB determines in the future
that it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong, and we use an
accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we
and investors in our common stock would be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections again, which could cause investors and potential
investors in our common stock to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial
statements. 

Pursuant to the HFCAA, as amended, if the SEC
determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspections by
the PCAOB for two consecutive years, the SEC will prohibit our common stock from being traded on a national securities exchange or in
the over-the-counter trading markets in the United States. 

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report
to notify the SEC of its determination that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and our auditor was subject to that determination. In May 2022, the SEC conclusively listed
us as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA following the filing of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable
to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this reason, we do not expect to be identified as a Commission-Identified
Issuer under the HFCAA after we file this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it
can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in mainland China and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PCAOB determines
in the future that it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong
and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on our financial statements filed with
the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of the annual report on Form 10-K for the relevant
fiscal year. In accordance with the HFCAA, as amended, our securities would be prohibited from being traded on a national securities exchange
or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States if we are identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive
years in the future. A prohibition of being able to trade in the United States would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase
our common stock when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with delisting would have a negative impact on the price
of our common stock. Also, such a prohibition would significantly affect our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at
all, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and prospects. 

The PRC government exerts substantial influence
over the manner in which we conduct our business activities. Its oversight and discretion over our business could result in a material
adverse change in our operations and the value of our common stock. Changes in laws, regulations and policies in China and uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, rules and regulations in China can change
quickly with little advance notice. 

Substantially all of our operations are conducted
in the PRC. Accordingly, our financial condition and results of operations are affected to a significant extent by the economic, political
and legal developments in the PRC. The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including
the extent of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, and control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources.
The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and to guide the allocation of resources. Some of these
measures may benefit the overall PRC economy but may also have a negative effect on us. Our financial condition and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable
to us. 

13 

The Chinese government recently has published
new policies that significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the
possibility that it will not in the future release regulations or policies regarding our industry that could require us or our PRC subsidiaries
to seek permission from Chinese authorities to continue to operate our business in China, which may adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Furthermore, recent statements made by the Chinese government have indicated an intent to increase
the government s oversight and control over offerings of companies with significant operations in China that are to be conducted
in foreign markets, as well as foreign investment in China-based issuers like us. Any such action, once taken by the Chinese government,
could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer our securities, and could cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or become worthless. 

For example, in July 2021, the Chinese government
provided new guidance on China-based companies raising capital outside of China, including through arrangements via VIEs. In light of
such developments, the SEC has imposed enhanced disclosure requirements on China-based companies seeking to register securities with the
SEC. Although we have never adopted a VIE structure and our business in China does not involve any type of restricted industry under Chinese
regulations, any future Chinese, U.S. or other rules and regulations that place restrictions on capital raising or other activities by
companies with extensive operations in China could adversely affect our business. If the business environment in China deteriorates from
the perspective of domestic or international investment, or if relations between China and the United States or other governments deteriorate,
the Chinese government may intervene with our operations, and our business in China, as well as the value of our securities, may also
be adversely affected. 

The PRC government has increasingly strengthened
oversight in offerings conducted overseas or on foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in
our operations and our common stock could decline in value or become worthless. 

The PRC government has recently indicated an intent
to take actions to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based
issuers. For example, on July 6, 2021, the relevant PRC government authorities made public the Opinions on Strictly Scrutinizing Illegal
Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law, or the Opinions. These Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration
over illegal securities activities and the supervision of overseas listings by China-based companies and proposed to take effective measures,
such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based over-seas-listed
companies. 

On December 24, 2021, the CSRC issued the Provisions
of the State Council on the Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) and
the Administrative Measures for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments), collectively
the Draft Overseas Listing Regulations, for public comment until January 23, 2022. 

Following issuance of the Draft Overseas Listing
Regulations, on February 17, 2023, the CSRC issued the Notice on Filing Arrangements for Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (the CSRC Filing Notice ), stating that the CSRC has published the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines (the Listing Guidelines ),
collectively the Trial Measures and Listing Guidelines. Among others, the Trial Measures and Listing Guidelines provide that overseas
offerings and listings by PRC domestic companies shall: 

(i) require submission of relevant materials that contain a filing
report and a legal opinion, providing truthful, accurate and complete information on matters including but not limited to the shareholders
of the issuer. Where the filing documents are complete and in compliance with stipulated requirements, the CSRC shall, within 20 working
days after receipt of filing documents, conclude the filing procedure and publish filing results on the CSRC website. Where filing documents
are incomplete or do not conform to stipulated requirements, the CSRC shall request supplementation and amendment thereto within five
working days after receipt of the filing documents. The issuer should then complete supplementation and amendment within 30 working days; 

(ii) abide by laws, administrative regulations and relevant state
rules concerning foreign investment in China, state-owned asset administration, industry regulation and outbound investment, and shall
not disrupt the PRC domestic market order, harm state or public interests or undermine the lawful rights and interests of PRC domestic
investors; 

(iii) abide by national secrecy laws and relevant provisions. Necessary
measures shall be taken to fulfill confidentiality obligations. Divulgence of state secrets or working secrets of government agencies
is strictly prohibited. Provision of personal information and important data, etc., to overseas parties in relation to overseas offering
and listing of PRC domestic companies shall be in compliance with applicable laws, administrative regulations and relevant state rules;
and 

(iv) be made in strict compliance with relevant laws, administrative
regulations and rules concerning national security in the spheres of foreign investment, cybersecurity, data security, etc., and issuers
shall duly fulfill their obligations to protect national security. If the intended overseas offering and listing necessitates a national
security review, relevant security review procedures shall be completed according to the law before the application for such offering
and listing is sub-mitted to any overseas parties such as securities regulatory agencies and trading venues; 

14 

The Trial Measures came into effect on March 31,
2023. PRC domestic companies seeking to offer and list securities (which, for the purposes of the Trial Measures, are defined thereunder
as equity shares, depository receipts, corporate bonds convertible to equity shares, and other equity securities that are offered and
listed overseas, either directly or indirectly, by PRC domestic companies) in overseas markets, either via direct or indirect means, must
file with the CSRC with-in three working days after their application for an overseas listing is submitted. 

The Trial Measures provide that where a PRC domestic
company seeks to indirectly offer and list securities in overseas markets, the issuer shall designate a major domestic operating entity,
which shall, as the domestic entity responsible, file with the CSRC. The Trial Measures stipulate that an overseas listing will be determined
as indirect if the issuer meets both of the following conditions: (1) 50 or more of any of the issuer s operating
revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent accounting
year are accounted for by PRC domestic companies Condition I ), and (2) the main parts of the issuer s business activities
are conducted in the PRC, or its main places of business are located in the PRC, or the senior managers in charge of its business operations
and management are mostly Chinese citizens or domiciled in the PRC Condition II whether Chinese citizens from Taiwan,
Hong Kong, and Macau are included in the foregoing specification is not specified. The determination as to whether or not an overseas
offering and listing by PRC domestic companies is indirect shall be made on a substance over form basis; the Listing Guidelines
further stipulate that if an issuer not satisfying Condition I submits an application for issuance and listing in overseas markets in
accordance with relevant non-PRC issuance regulations requiring such issuer to disclose risk factors mainly related to the PRC, the securities
firm(s) and the issuer s PRC counsel should follow the principle of sub-stance over form in order to identify and
argue whether the issuer should complete a filing under the Trial Measures. Sub-sequent securities offerings of an issuer in (i) the same
overseas market where it has previously offered and listed securities, and (ii) an overseas market other than one where the issuer has
previously offered and listed securities shall be filed with the CSRC within three working days after offerings are completed. Additionally,
the Trial Measures stipulate that after an issuer has offered and listed securities in an overseas market, the issuer shall submit a report
to the CSRC within three working days after the occurrence and public disclosure of (i) a change of control thereof, (ii) investigations
of or sanctions imposed on the issuer by overseas securities regulators or relevant competent authorities, (iii) changes of listing status
or transfers of listing segment, and (iv) a voluntary or mandatory delisting. 

The CSRC Filing Notice states that, beginning
from March 31, 2023, PRC domestic enterprises which have already issued and listed securities overseas and fall within the scope of filing
under the Trial Measures shall be considered existing enterprises Existing Listed Enterprises ). Existing
Listed Enterprises are not required to complete filings immediately; rather, Existing Listed Enterprises should complete filings if they
are subsequently involved in matters require filings, such as follow-on financing activities, in accordance with the Trial Measures. 

There is a possibility that we may be deemed as
an Existing Listed Enterprise as defined under the CSRC Filing Notice, and that future offerings of listed securities or listings outside
China by us may be subject to CSRC filing requirements in accordance with the Trial Measures. 

On February 24, 2023,
the CSRC, together with the Ministry of Finance, National Administration of State Secrets Protection and National Archives Administration
of China, revised the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration for Overseas Securities Offering and Listing,
which were issued by the CSRC and National Administration of State Secrets Protection and National Archives Administration of China in
2009, or the Provisions. The revised Provisions were issued under the title the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality
and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, and came into effect on March 31,
2023 together with the Trial Measures. One of the major revisions to the revised Provisions is expanding their application to cover indirect
overseas offering and listing, as is consistent with the Trial Measures. The revised Provisions require that, among other things, (a)
a domestic company that plans to, either directly or indirectly through its overseas listed entity, publicly disclose or provide to relevant
individuals or entities, including securities companies, securities service providers, and overseas regulators, any documents and materials
that contain state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, shall first obtain approval from competent authorities according
to law, and file with the secrecy administrative department at the same level; and (b) a domestic company that plans to, either directly
or indirectly through its overseas listed entity, publicly disclose or provide to relevant individuals and entities, including securities
companies, securities service providers, and overseas regulators, any other documents and materials that, if leaked, will be detrimental
to national security or public interest, shall strictly fulfill relevant procedures stipulated by applicable national regulations. Any
failure or perceived failure by our Company, or our PRC subsidiaries to comply with the above confidentiality and archives administration
requirements under the revised Provisions and other PRC laws and regulations may result in the relevant entities being held legally liable
by competent authorities, and referred to the judicial organ to be investigated for criminal liability if suspected of committing a crime. 

Given that the Trial Measures, Listing Guidelines and Revised Provisions
have been introduced recently, and that there remain substantial uncertainties surrounding the enforcement thereof, we cannot assure you
that, if required, we would be able to complete the filings and fully comply with the relevant new rules on a timely basis, if at all.
Further, as of the date of this report, the aforementioned Provisions of the State Council on the Administration of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) issued on December 24, 2021 remain in draft form and final and effective
versions are yet to be published. 

15 

Changes in U.S. and Chinese regulations
or in relations between the United States and China may adversely impact our business, our operating results, our ability to raise capital
and the value of our securities. Any such changes may take place quickly and with very little notice. 

The U.S. government, including the SEC, has made
statements and taken certain actions that led to changes to United States and international relations, and will impact companies with
connections to the United States or China. The SEC has issued statements primarily focused on companies with significant China-based operations,
such as us. For example, on July 30, 2021, Gary Gensler, Chairman of the SEC, issued a Statement on Investor Protection Related to Recent
Developments in China, pursuant to which Chairman Gensler stated that he has asked the SEC staff to engage in targeted additional reviews
of filings for companies with significant China-based operations. The statement also addressed risks inherent in companies with VIE structures.
We have never adopted a VIE structure and are not in any industry that is subject to foreign ownership limitations by China. However,
it is possible that the Company s filings with the SEC may be subject to enhanced review by the SEC. 

In response to the SEC s July 30, 2021 statement,
the CSRC announced on August 1, 2021, that it is our belief that Chinese and U.S. regulators shall continue to enhance communication
with the principle of mutual respect and cooperation, and properly address the issues related to the supervision of China-based companies
listed in the U.S. so as to form stable policy expectations and create benign rules framework for the market. The CSRC pledged
to continue to collaborate closely with different stakeholders including investors, companies, and relevant authorities to further
promote transparency and certainty of policies and implementing measures, and emphasized that it has always been open to
companies choices to list their securities on international or domestic markets in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. 
If any new legislation, executive orders, laws and/or regulations are implemented, if the U.S. or Chinese governments take retaliatory
actions due to the recent U.S.-China tension or if the Chinese government exerts more oversight and control over securities offerings
that are conducted in the United States, such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations, our ability to raise capital and the value of our securities. 

There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation
and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

Substantially all of our operations are conducted
in the PRC, and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. Our PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable
to foreign investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior
court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive
system of laws, rules and regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past four decades
has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. However, China has not developed
a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities
in China or may be subject to significant degrees of interpretation by PRC regulatory agencies. In particular, because these laws, rules
and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited number of published decisions and the nonbinding nature of such decisions,
and because the laws, rules and regulations often give the relevant regulator significant discretion in how to enforce them, the interpretation
and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent and unpredictable. In addition, the
PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all,
and may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the occurrence
of the violation. Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of
resources and management attention. 

PRC laws and regulations establish complex
procedures in connection with certain acquisitions of China-based companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for
us to pursue growth through acquisitions or mergers in China. 

On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies,
including the Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM ), the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State
Administration of Taxation, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, the CSRC, and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange,
jointly adopted the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, which
came into effect on September 8, 2006 and were amended on June 22, 2009. The M A Rules include, among other things, provisions that
purport to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle formed for the purpose of an overseas listing of securities of a PRC company
obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock
exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published on its official website procedures regarding its approval of overseas listings through
special purpose vehicles. However, substantial uncertainty remains regarding the scope and applicability of the M A Rules to offshore
special purpose vehicles. 

The regulations also established additional procedures
and requirements that are expected to make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more time consuming and complex,
including requirements in some instances that the MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign
investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, or that the approval from the MOFCOM be obtained in circumstances where overseas
companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire affiliated domestic companies. 

16 

Moreover, according to the Anti-Monopoly Law of
the People s Republic of China promulgated on August 30, 2007 and the Provisions on Thresholds for Reporting of Concentrations of
Undertakings (the Prior Reporting Rules issued by the State Council in August 2008 and amended in September 2018, the concentration
of business undertakings by way of mergers, acquisitions or contractual arrangements that allow one market player to take control of or
to exert decisive impact on another market player must also be notified in advance to the anti-monopoly enforcement agency of the State
Council when the applicable threshold is crossed and such concentration shall not be implemented without the clearance of prior reporting.
In addition, the Regulations on Implementation of Security Review System for the Merger and Acquisition of Domestic Enterprise by Foreign
Investors (the Security Review Rules issued by the MOFCOM that became effective in September 2011 specify that mergers
and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national defense and security concerns and mergers and acquisitions through
which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise national security concerns are
subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review by structuring the
transaction through, among other things, trusts, entrustment or contractual control arrangements. 

In the event that our acquisition of other companies
in China falls within the scope of these regulations, compliance with these regulations to complete such transactions could be time-consuming,
and any required approval processes, including approval from the MOFCOM, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions,
which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share. 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc., as a holding
company incorporated in Nevada, the United States, without material operations of its own, relies on dividends and other distributions
on equity paid by its PRC operating subsidiaries for its cash needs. 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. is a holding company,
and we conduct all of our operations through our PRC subsidiaries. CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. relies on dividends and other distributions
on equity paid by its PRC subsidiaries for its cash needs, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions
to its stockholders, to service any debt it may incur and to pay its operating expenses. Current regulations in the PRC permit payment
of dividends only out of accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. According to the
articles of association of our PRC subsidiaries, each of our PRC subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profit
based on the PRC accounting standards and regulations each year to its statutory general reserve, until the balance in the reserve reaches
50 of the registered capital of the company. Funds in the reserve are not distributable to CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. in forms of cash
dividends, loans or advances. In addition, if our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing
the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to CBAK Energy Technology, Inc., which in turn will adversely
affect its available cash. 

In addition, our PRC subsidiaries ability
to pay dividends and other cash distributions is subject to foreign exchange restrictions in China. For example, to address persistent
capital outflows and the RMB s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2016, the People s Bank of China
and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, implemented a series of capital control measures in the subsequent months,
including stricter vetting procedures for China-based companies to remit foreign currency for overseas acquisitions, dividend payments
and shareholder loan repayments. The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls and our PRC subsidiaries dividends
and other distributions may be subject to tightened scrutiny in the future. The PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion
of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing
the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. 

As a matter of fact, we have never declared or
paid any dividends to CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. s stockholders, nor do we have any present plan to pay any cash dividends on
the common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings
to operate and expand our business. 

Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely
affect our business and the value of our securities. 

The value of our securities will be indirectly
affected by the foreign exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and RMB and between those currencies and other currencies in which our sales
may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results
reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in
the exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend we issue that will be exchanged into U.S. dollars, as well as earnings
from, and the value of, any U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future. 

Very limited hedging transactions are available
in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may
enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not
be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange
control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may
have a material adverse effect on your investment. 

17 

Investors may experience difficulties in
effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in China based upon U.S. laws, including
the federal securities laws or other foreign laws against us or our management. 

All of our current operations are conducted in
China. Moreover, most of our current directors and officers are nationals or residents of China. All or a substantial portion of the assets
of these persons are located outside the United States and in the PRC. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process
within the United States or elsewhere outside China upon these persons. In addition, uncertainty exists as to whether the courts of China
would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or such officers and/or directors predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original actions brought in China
against us or such persons predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. 

PRC regulation of loans to, and direct
investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may restrict or prevent CBAK
Energy Technology, Inc. from making additional capital contributions or loans to its PRC subsidiaries. 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc., as an offshore holding
company, is permitted under PRC laws and regulations to provide funding to its PRC subsidiaries through loans or capital contributions.
However, loans by CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. to its PRC subsidiaries to finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits and
must be registered with the local counterpart of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and capital contributions to its PRC subsidiaries
are subject to the requirement of making necessary filings in the Foreign Investment Comprehensive Management Information System, and
registration with other governmental authorities in China. 

The State Administration of Foreign Exchange promulgated
the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital of
Foreign-invested Enterprises, or Circular 19, effective on June 1, 2015, in replacement of the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues
Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign- Invested Enterprises,
the Notice from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant Issues Concerning Strengthening the Administration of Foreign
Exchange Businesses, and the Circular on Further Clarification and Regulation of the Issues Concerning the Administration of Certain Capital
Account Foreign Exchange Businesses. According to Circular 19, the flow and use of the RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated
registered capital of a foreign-invested company is regulated such that RMB capital may not be used for the issuance of RMB entrusted
loans, the repayment of inter-enterprise loans or the repayment of bank loans that have been transferred to a third party. Although Circular
19 allows RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise to be used for equity
investments within the PRC, it also reiterates the principle that RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated capital of a foreign-invested
company may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope. Thus, it is unclear whether the State Administration
of Foreign Exchange will permit such capital to be used for equity investments in the PRC in actual practice. The State Administration
of Foreign Exchange promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign
Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital Account, or Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, which reiterates some of the rules
set forth in Circular 19, but changes the prohibition against using RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered
capital of a foreign-invested company to issue RMB entrusted loans to a prohibition against using such capital to grant loans to non-associated
enterprises. Violations of Circular 19 and Circular 16 could result in administrative penalties. Circular 19 and Circular 16 may significantly
limit our ability to transfer any foreign currency CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. holds to its PRC subsidiaries, which may adversely affect
our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business in the PRC. 

In light of the various requirements imposed by
PRC regulations on loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot assure you that we will be
able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with
respect to future loans or future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiaries. As a result, uncertainties exist as to our ability
to provide prompt financial support to our PRC subsidiaries when needed. If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals,
our ability to use foreign currency and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially
and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating
to the investment in offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident stockholders to personal liability,
limit our ability to acquire PRC companies or to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to
distribute profits to us or otherwise materially adversely affect us. 

On July 14, 2014, SAFE issued the Circular on
Relevant Issues Relating to Domestic Residents Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles Circular 37 ), which replaced the Circular 75, promulgated by SAFE on October 21, 2005. Circular 37 requires PRC residents
to register with local branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for the
purpose of overseas investment and financing, with such PRC residents legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic enterprises
or offshore assets or interests, referred to in Circular 37 as a special purpose vehicle. 

We have notified substantial beneficial owners
of our company who we know are PRC residents to comply with the registration obligation. However, we may not be aware of the identities
of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. In addition, we do not have control over our beneficial owners and cannot assure you
that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will comply with Circular 37. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents
to register or amend their SAFE registrations in a timely manner pursuant to Circular 37 or the failure of future beneficial owners of
our company who are PRC residents to comply with the registration procedures set forth in Circular 37 may subject such beneficial owners
or our PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. Failure to register or amend the registration may also limit our ability to contribute
additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries or receive dividends or other distributions from our PRC subsidiaries or other proceeds from
disposal of our PRC subsidiaries, or we may be penalized by SAFE. These risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

18 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law, we
may be classified as a resident enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences
to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

On March 16, 2007, the National People s
Congress of China passed a new Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the EIT Law, and on November 28, 2007, the State Council of China passed
its implementing rules, which took effect on January 1, 2008. Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of China with de
facto management bodies within China is considered a resident enterprise, meaning that it can be treated in a manner
similar to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define de facto management as
 substantial and overall management and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties 
of the enterprise. 

On April 22, 2009, the State Administration of
Taxation issued the Notice Concerning Relevant Issues Regarding Cognizance of Chinese Investment Controlled Enterprises Incorporated Offshore
as Resident Enterprises pursuant to Criteria of de facto Management Bodies, or the Notice, further interpreting the application of the
EIT Law and its implementation non-Chinese enterprise or group controlled offshore entities. Pursuant to the Notice, an enterprise incorporated
in an offshore jurisdiction and controlled by a Chinese enterprise or group will be classified as a non-domestically incorporated
resident enterprise if (i) its senior management in charge of daily operations reside or perform their duties mainly in China;
(ii) its financial or personnel decisions are made or approved by bodies or persons in China; (iii) its substantial assets and properties,
accounting books, corporate chops, board and shareholder minutes are kept in China; and (iv) at least half of its directors with voting
rights or senior management often resident in China. A resident enterprise would be subject to an enterprise income tax rate of 25 on
its worldwide income and must pay a withholding tax at a rate of 10 when paying dividends to its non-PRC shareholders. In addition, the
SAT issued the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues concerning the Determination of Resident Enterprises Based
on the Standards of Actual Management Institutions in January 2014 to provide more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82. This
bulletin further provides that, among other things, an entity that is classified as a resident enterprise in accordance
with the circular shall file the application for classifying its status of residential enterprise with the local tax authorities where
its main domestic investors are registered. From the year in which the entity is determined to be a resident enterprise, 
any dividend, profit and other equity investment gains from other resident enterprises within China in previous years (on or after January
1, 2008) shall be taxed in accordance with the enterprise income tax law and its implementing rules. 

We may be deemed to be a resident enterprise by
Chinese tax authorities. If the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income
tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate
of 25 on our worldwide taxable income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. In our case, this would mean that income
such as interest on financing proceeds and non-China source income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 . Second,
although under the EIT Law and its implementing rules dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiaries would qualify as tax-exempt
income, we cannot guarantee that such dividends will not be subject to a 10 withholding tax, as the PRC foreign exchange control
authorities, which enforce the withholding tax, have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to
entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Finally, it is possible that future guidance
issued with respect to the new resident enterprise classification could result in a situation in which a 10 withholding
tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC shareholders and with respect to gains derived by our non-PRC stockholders from transferring
our shares. If we were treated as a resident enterprise by the PRC tax authorities, we would be subject to taxation in both
the U.S. and China, and our PRC tax may not be used as a credit to reduce our U.S. tax. 

19 

We and our stockholders face uncertainties
with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a Chinese establishment
of a non-Chinese company, or immovable properties located in China owned by non-Chinese companies. 

In October 2017, the State Administration of Taxation
issued the Bulletin on Issues Concerning the Withholding of Non-PRC Resident Enterprise Income Tax at Source, or Bulletin 37, which replaced
the Notice on Strengthening Administration of Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises issued by the
State Administration of Taxation on December 10, 2009, and partially replaced and supplemented rules under the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise
Income Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Bulletin 7, issued by the State Administration of Taxation
on February 3, 2015. Pursuant to Bulletin 7, an indirect transfer of PRC assets, including a transfer of equity interests
in an unlisted non-PRC holding company of a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be re-characterized and treated
as a direct transfer of the underlying PRC assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established
for the purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject
to PRC enterprise income tax. According to Bulletin 7, PRC taxable assets include assets attributed to an establishment
in China, immoveable properties located in China, and equity investments in PRC resident enterprises and any gains from the transfer of
such asset by a direct holder, who is a non-PRC resident enterprise, would be subject to PRC enterprise income taxes. When determining
whether there is a reasonable commercial purpose of the transaction arrangement, features to be taken into consideration
include: whether the main value of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the
assets of the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in China or if its income mainly derives from
China; whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have real commercial nature
which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the duration of existence of the business model and organizational structure;
the replicability of the transaction by direct transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer and applicable
tax treaties or similar arrangements. In the case of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain
is to be included with the enterprise income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred, and may consequently
be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 . Where the underlying transfer relates to immoveable properties located in China
or to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a PRC establishment or place of business of a non-resident
enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax of 10 would apply, subject to available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties
or similar arrangements, and the party who is obligated to make the transfer payments has the withholding obligation. Pursuant to Bulletin
37, the withholding agent shall declare and pay the withheld tax to the competent tax authority in the place where such withholding agent
is located within 7 days from the date of occurrence of the withholding obligation, while the transferor is required to declare and pay
such tax to the competent tax authority within the statutory time limit according to Bulletin 7. Late payment of applicable tax will subject
the transferor to default interest. Both Bulletin 37 and Bulletin 7 do not apply to transactions of sale of shares by investors through
a public stock exchange where such shares were acquired from a transaction through a public stock exchange. 

There is uncertainty as to the application of
Bulletin 37 or previous rules under Bulletin 7. We face uncertainties as to the reporting and other implications of certain past and future
transactions where PRC taxable assets are involved, such as offshore restructuring, sale of the shares in our offshore subsidiaries or
investments. Our company may be subject to filing obligations or taxes if our company is transferor in such transactions, and may be subject
to withholding obligations if our company is transferee in such transactions, under Bulletin 37 and Bulletin 7. For transfer of shares
in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises, our PRC subsidiary may be requested to assist in the filing under Bulletin
37 and Bulletin 7. As a result, we may be required to expend valuable resources to comply with Bulletin 37 and Bulletin 7 or to request
the relevant transferors from whom we purchase taxable assets to comply with these circulars, or to establish that our company should
not be taxed under these circulars, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be exposed to liabilities under the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption laws, and any determination that we violated these laws could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice
Act FCPA ), and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials
and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have
operations, have agreements with third parties, and make most of our sales in China. The PRC also strictly prohibits bribery of government
officials. Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by the employees, consultants, sales
agents, or distributors of our subsidiaries, even though they may not always be subject to our control. It is our policy to implement
safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be
less than effective, and the employees, consultants, sales agents, or distributors of our subsidiaries may engage in conduct for which
we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or Chinese anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions,
and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In
addition, the U.S. government may seek to hold our subsidiaries liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies
in which we invest or that we acquire. 

20 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

Our independent auditors have expressed
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our independent auditors have added an explanatory paragraph to their
audit opinion issued in connection with our financial statements included in this annual report which states that the financial statements
were prepared assuming that we would continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included
herein, we had accumulated deficit from recurring net losses incurred for the prior years and significant short-term debt obligations
maturing in less than one year as of December 31, 2022. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. We plan to improve our profitability, renew our bank borrowings upon maturity and raise additional funds through bank borrowings
and equity financing to meet our daily cash demands. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in executing such plans
or obtaining additional equity or debt financing on acceptable terms. The audited consolidated financial statements included in this report
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Our business has been and may continue to be adversely affected
by the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic or other health epidemics and outbreaks. 

Since late 2019, the outbreak of a novel strain
of coronavirus named COVID-19 has materially and adversely affected the global economy. In response, China imposed widespread lockdowns,
closure of workplaces and restrictions on mobility and travel to contain the spread of the virus. After the initial outbreak in late 2019,
from time to time, some instances of COVID-19 infections have emerged in various regions of China, including infections caused by the
Omicron variant. For example, a wave of infections caused by the Omicron variant emerged in Shanghai in early 2022, and a series of restrictions
and quarantines were implemented in Shanghai and other regions to contain the spread. Our manufacturing facilities were not producing
at full capacity when restrictive measures were in force for the areas where our manufacturing operations are located during 2022. China
began to modify its zero-COVID policy at the end of 2022, and most of the travel restrictions and quarantine requirements were lifted
in December 2022. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruptions to our operations, it has had limited adverse impacts on our operating
results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We generated revenues of 248.73 million and 52.67 million for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

There may be surges of cases in certain regions in the future, and there remains uncertainty as to the future impact of the virus,
especially in light of this change in policy. We cannot be assured that more lockdowns and other restrictive measures will not be implemented
in the future. Some other countries, including the U.S., also introduced various restrictions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic as well as other possible health epidemics
and outbreaks could have a material adverse impact on our or our customers business operations including reduction or suspension
of operations in China, the U.S. or certain parts of the world. Our manufacturing operations, among others, cannot all be conducted in
a remote working structure and often require on-site access to materials and equipment. Our international customers account for approximately
20 of our sales in 2022. Depending upon the duration of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the associated business interruptions, our
customers, suppliers and partners may suspend or delay their engagement with us, which could result in a material adverse effect on our
financial condition. Our response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may prove to be inadequate and we may be unable to continue our operations
in the manner we had prior to the outbreak, and may endure interruptions and delays in our product development and shipments, all of which
could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

21 

The acquisition of a controlling interest
in Hitrans may fail to result in anticipated benefits but has involved significant investment and commitment of financial and other resources. 

We consummated the acquisition of 81.56 of registered
equity interests (representing 75.57 of paid-up capital) in Hitrans in November 2021 (such ownership percentage reduced to 67.33 of
registered equity interests and 69.12 of paid-up capital as of December 31, 2022, as a result of Hitrans s subsequent equity financings
and our transfer of some of our equity interests in Hitrans). However, acquisitions generally create risks such as (i) the need to integrate
and manage the businesses and products acquired with our own business and products; (ii) additional demands on our resources, systems,
procedures and controls; (iii) disruption of our ongoing business; (iv) potential unknown or unquantifiable liabilities associated with
the target company; and (v) diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. Moreover, this acquisition involved
substantial investment of funds from our previous equity financings, resulted in one-time charges and expenses and subjected us to contractual
obligations to pay outstanding subscribed registered capital of Hitrans of RMB50 million by May 31, 2025 as of the date of this report.
This acquisition may not be successful in generating revenue, income or other returns, and any resources we committed will not be available
to us for other purposes. Moreover, if we are unable to access the capital markets on acceptable terms or at all, or generate sufficient
operating income, we may not be able to perform our obligations to pay outstanding subscribed registered capital of Hitrans as agreed.
Our inability to take advantage of growth opportunities or address risks associated with this acquisition and investment may negatively
affect our operating results. 

Additionally,
any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets acquired in an acquisition or charges to earnings associated with any acquisition or
investment activity, may materially reduce our earnings. This acquisition may not result in its anticipated benefits, and we may not be
able to properly integrate acquired products, technologies or businesses with our existing products and operations or successfully combine
personnel and cultures. Failure to do so could deprive us of the intended benefits of this acquisition. 

There are inherent risks associated with
new product development and our efforts to develop and market new products could fail. 

In June 2020, our wholly-owned subsidiary, BAK
Asia entered into a framework investment agreement with Gaochun EDZ, pursuant to which intend to develop certain lithium battery projects
which are expected to have a total production capacity of 8 GWh per year. We have put into operation a production line of model 32140
large-sized cylindrical tabless batteries with a production capacity of 0.7 GWh per year in 2021. Model 32140 batteries
can be used in light electric vehicles, electric vehicles, electric tools and energy storage. We also announced in February 2021 that we had started the trial production of special 26650 lithium battery,
which was designed for application in ultra-low temperature. Capable of operating with high efficiency in low-temperature environments,
the special 26650 battery can be used in high-latitude and high-altitude settings, such as ultra-low-temperature energy storage as well
as in base stations, transportation, unmanned drones, aviation and aerospace. Additionally, it can be employed in other circumstances
that require ultra-low-temperature cells. 

We cannot provide assurance that market acceptance of our new products
will occur due to the highly competitive nature of the business. The Company competes in the battery industry where there are frequent
introductions of new products and line extensions and such product introductions often require significant investment and support. The
ability of the Company to understand end user needs and preferences is key to maintaining and improving the competitiveness of its product
offerings. The development and introduction of new products, as well as the renovation of current products and product lines, require
substantial and effective research, development and marketing expenditures, which the Company may be unable to recoup if the new or renovated
products do not gain widespread market acceptance. There are inherent risks associated with new product development and marketing efforts,
including product development or launch delays, product performance issues during development, changing regulatory frameworks that affect
the new products in development and the availability of key raw materials included in such products. These inherent risks could result
in the failure of new products and product line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance, additional costs resulting
from failed product introductions and the Company not being first to market. As the Company continues to focus on innovation and renovation
of its products, the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected in the event that
the Company is not able to effectively develop and introduce new or renovated products and line or brand extensions. 

Our failure, if any, to keep up with rapid
technological changes and evolving industry standards may cause our products to become obsolete and less marketable, resulting in loss
of market share to our competitors. 

The lithium-based battery market, as well as the
battery materials industry, are characterized by changing technologies and evolving industry standards, which are difficult to predict.
This, coupled with frequent introduction of new products and models, has shortened product life cycles and may render our products obsolete
or unmarketable. Our ability to adapt to evolving industry standards and anticipate future standards will be a significant factor in maintaining
and improving our competitive position and our prospects for growth. To achieve this goal, we have invested and plan to continue investing
significant financial resources in our R D infrastructure. Currently, we have facilities in Dalian, Nanjing and Shaoxing, China, which
have about 220 R D staffers and over 6,812 square meters of space dedicated to R D activities. 

R D activities, however, are inherently uncertain,
and we might encounter practical difficulties in commercializing our research results. Accordingly, our significant investment in our
R D infrastructure may not bear fruit. On the other hand, our competitors may improve their technologies or even achieve technological
breakthroughs that would render our products obsolete or less marketable. Therefore, our failure to effectively keep up with rapid technological
changes and evolving industry standards by introducing new and enhanced products may cause us to lose our market share and to suffer a
decrease in our revenue. 

22 

Our efforts to enter into the light electric
vehicle business could fail. 

On
September 24, 2020, our wholly-owned Hong Kong subsidiary, BAK Investments entered into a framework investment agreement with Gaochun
EDZ, under which we intended to develop light electric vehicle projects. On November 9, 2020, we established our new subsidiary, Nanjing
BFD, formally named Nanjing Daxin, to launch and develop our light electric vehicle business. 

There are risks and uncertainties associated with
this effort, particularly given that the light electric vehicle market is evolving. In developing and commercializing this new line of
business, we may have to invest significant time and resources. External factors, such as regulatory compliance obligations, competitive
alternatives, lack of market acceptance and shifting market preferences, may also affect the successful implementation of this new line
of business. Failure to successfully plan for and manage these risks in the development and implementation of this new line of business
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Maintaining our R D activities and manufacturing
operations require significant capital expenditures, and our inability or failure to maintain our operations could have a material adverse
impact on our market share and ability to generate revenue. 

We incurred capital expenditures of approximately
 19.2 million and 12.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. We may incur significant additional capital
expenditures as a result of unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes and other events that impact our business. If we are unable or
fail to timely obtain capital on acceptable terms and adequately maintain our manufacturing capacity, we could lose customers and there
could be a material adverse impact on our market share and our ability to generate revenue. 

We face intense competition from other battery
manufacturers and cathode material and precursor producers, many of which have significantly greater resources. 

The market for batteries used in electric vehicles
and light electric vehicles is intensely competitive and is characterized by frequent technological changes and evolving industry standards.
We expect competition to become more intense. Increased competition may result in declines in average selling prices, causing a decrease
in gross profit margins. We have faced and will continue to face competition from manufacturers of traditional rechargeable batteries,
such as lead-acid batteries other manufacturers of lithium-ion batteries, as well as from companies engaged in the development of batteries
incorporating new technologies. Other manufacturers of high-power lithium batteries currently include Panasonic Corporation, Samsung Electronics
Co., Ltd., LG Chem, Tianjin Lishen Battery Joint Stock Co., Ltd., Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited, BYD Co. Ltd, Hefei Guoxuan
Hi-Tech Power Energy Co., Ltd and Shandong Goldencell Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. 

Many of these existing competitors have greater
financial, personnel, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales and other resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may be
in a stronger position to respond quickly to market opportunities, new or emerging technologies and evolving industry standards. Many
of our competitors are developing a variety of battery technologies, such as lithium polymer, prismatic cells and fuel cell batteries,
which are expected to compete with our existing product lines. Other companies undertaking R D activities of solid-polymer lithium-ion
batteries have developed prototypes and are constructing commercial scale production facilities. It is possible that our competitors will
be able to introduce new products with more desirable features than ours and their new products will gain market acceptance. If our competitors
successfully do so, we may not be able to maintain our competitive position and our future success would be materially and adversely affected. 

The market for cathode materials and precursors
has been evolving rapidly. Rapid and ongoing changes in technology and product standards could render our cathode materials and precursor
products less competitive, or even obsolete, particularly if we fail to continue to improve the performance of our cathode materials and
precursor products. Competing technologies that outperform our cathode materials and precursor products in one or more performance attributes
could be developed and successfully introduced. We are aware of certain companies, including Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd., Umicore
N.V., Beijing Easpring Material Technology Co., Ltd. and Ningbo Ronbay Lithium Battery Material Co., Ltd. using cell chemistry technology
similar to our technology and these or other companies have introduced or could introduce products that compete directly with our products
and could in the future outperform our products in one or more performance attributes, could be offered to our customers as a cheaper
alternative to our products or may result in increased pricing pressure on our products. 

We are dependent on a limited number of
customers for a significant portion of our revenues and this dependence is likely to continue. 

We have been dependent on a limited number of
customers for a significant portion of our revenue. Our top five customers accounted for approximately 69.5 and 54.0 of our revenues
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Dependence on a few customers could make it difficult to negotiate attractive
prices for our products and could expose us to the risk of substantial losses if a single dominant customer stops purchasing our products.
We expect that a limited number of customers will continue to contribute a significant portion of our sales in the near future. Our ability
to maintain close relationships with these top customers is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. If we fail to
sell our products to one or more of these top customers in any particular period, or if a large customer purchases fewer of our products,
defers orders or fails to place additional orders with us, or if we fail to develop additional major customers, our revenue could decline,
and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

23 

In addition to our own production, we also
rely on a few battery suppliers to fulfill our customers orders. If we fail to effectively manage our relationships with, or lose
the services of these suppliers and we cannot substitute suitable alternative suppliers, our operations would be materially adversely
affected. 

We generate part of our revenues by outsourcing some of our customers 
orders to Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd BAK New Energy ), Shenzhen BAK Battery Co., Ltd Shenzhen BAK and a few other suppliers for certain battery models that we do not produce. If our business relationship with BAK New Energy,
Shenzhen BAK and other suppliers changes negatively or their financial condition deteriorates, or their operating environment changes,
our business may be harmed in many ways. BAK New Energy, Shenzhen BAK and other suppliers may also unilaterally terminate battery supply
to us or increase the prices. As a result, we are not assured of an uninterrupted supply of certain types of high-power lithium batteries
of acceptable quality or at acceptable prices from BAK New Energy, Shenzhen BAK or other suppliers. On the other hand, we may not be able
to substitute them with suitable alternative contract manufacturers in a timely manner on commercially acceptable terms or at all. We
may be forced to default on the agreements with our customers. This may negatively impact our revenues and adversely affect our reputation
and relationships with our customers, causing a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Failure by us to maintain and strengthen relationships with certain
contract battery material producer may materially adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders and our results of operations. 

We outsource the production of a portion of our battery material products
to a third-party supplier in Xianyang city, Shaanxi province. Our ability to meet the demands of our customers for battery material products
would be affected, if our relationship with this supplier changes negatively, or operations at this supplier are disrupted. In the event
of a significant disruption to the battery material production line of this supplier, our proprietary manufacturing facility in Shangyu,
Zhejiang province, may not have sufficient production capacity to meet demand until the supplier s production line returns to operation.
On the other hand, we may not be able to replace this supplier with suitable alternative contract manufacturers in a timely manner on
commercially acceptable terms or at all. We may be forced to default on orders with our customers. This could negatively impact our revenues
and adversely affect our reputation and relationships with our customers, causing a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

Our business depends on the growth in demand
for light electric vehicles, electric vehicles, electric tools, energy storage, such as UPS application, and other high-power electric
devices. 

As the demand for our battery cell and battery
materials is directly related to the market demand for high-power electric devices, a fast-growing high-power electric devices market
will be critical to the success of our business. In anticipation of an expected increase in the demand for high-power electric devices
such as electric vehicles, light electric vehicles, electric tools, and energy storage including UPS application in the next few years,
we are building new manufacturing facilities in Nanjing and have invested in the R D capability of our newly acquired battery materials
business. However, the markets we have targeted, primarily those in the PRC, may not achieve the level of growth we expect. If this market
fails to achieve our expected level of growth, we may have excess production capacity and may not be able to generate enough revenue to
maintain our profitability. 

Our success, in part, depends on the success
of manufacturers of the end applications that use our products, and our failure to gain acceptance of our products from such manufacturers
could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 

As we target the battery markets for light electric vehicles, electric
vehicles, electric tools, energy storage including but not limited to UPS application, and other high-power electric devices, our future
success in part depends on whether end-application manufacturers are willing to use batteries that incorporate our products. To secure
acceptance of our products, we must constantly develop and introduce more reliable and cost-effective battery cells and battery materials
with enhanced functionality to meet evolving industry standards. Our failure to gain acceptance of our products from these manufacturers
could materially and adversely affect our future success. From 2017 to 2019, our electric vehicle customers included Dongfeng Autos, Dayun
Motor and Yema Auto. Our sales to electric vehicle customers decreased significantly in 2020 and 2021. However, we have been looking for
opportunities to re-enter the electric vehicle battery market by continuing to develop batteries suitable for electric vehicles and actively
cooperating with previous electric vehicle customers in battery pack after-sales service and technical support. As a result of our efforts,
we generated approximately 4.7 million revenues from electric vehicle customers in 2022. In 2022, our sales of cathode materials and
precursors reached 154.0 million. However, we cannot guarantee that the market demand for the cathode materials and precursors will maintain
the current growth rate. 

Even if a manufacturer decides to use batteries
that incorporate our products, the manufacturer may not be able to market and sell its products successfully. The manufacturer s
inability to market and sell its products successfully, whether from lack of market acceptance or otherwise, could materially and adversely
affect our business and prospects because this manufacturer may not order new products from us. If we cannot achieve the expected level
of sales, we will not be able to make sufficient profits to offset the expenditures we have incurred to expand our production capacity
or develop new technologies, nor will we be able to grow our business. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and future success would be materially and adversely affected. 

24 

We may not be able to accurately plan our
production based on our sales contracts, which may result in excess product inventory or product shortages. 

Our sales contracts for battery cells typically
provide for a non-binding, three-month forecast on the quantity of products that our customers may purchase from us. Our sales contracts
for battery materials typically provide for a non-binding, two-month forecast on the quantity of products that our customers may purchase
from us. We typically have only a 15-day to 30-day lead time to manufacture battery cell products and 25-day lead time to produce battery
material products to meet our customers requirements once our customers place orders with us. To meet the short delivery deadline,
we generally make significant decisions on our production level and timing, procurement, facility requirements, personnel needs and other
resources requirements based on our estimate in light of this forecast, our past dealings with such customers, market conditions and other
relevant factors. Our customers final purchase orders may not be consistent with our estimates. If the final purchase orders substantially
differ from our estimates, we may have excess product inventory or product shortages. Excess product inventory could result in unprofitable
sales or write-offs as our products are susceptible to obsolescence and price declines. Producing additional products to make up for any
product shortages within a short time frame may be difficult, making us unable to fill out the purchase orders. In either case, our results
of operation would fluctuate from period to period. 

We may not be able to substantially increase
our manufacturing output in order to maintain our cost competitiveness. 

We believe that our ability to provide cost-effective
products is one of the most significant factors that contributed to our past success and will be essential for our future growth.
We believe this is one of our competitive advantages over our Japanese and Korean competitors. We need to increase our manufacturing output
to a level that will enable us to substantially reduce the cost of our products on a per unit basis through economies of scale. However,
our ability to substantially increase our manufacturing output is subject to significant constraints and uncertainties, including: 

the need to raise significant additional funds to purchase and prepay raw materials or to build additional manufacturing facilities, which we may be unable to obtain on reasonable terms or at all; 

delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors, many of which may be beyond our control, such as increases in raw material prices and problems with equipment vendors; 

delays or denial of required approvals by relevant government authorities; 

diversion of significant management attention and other resources; and 

failure to execute our expansion plan effectively. 

If we are unable to increase our manufacturing
output because of any of the risks described above, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position or achieve the growth we expect.
Moreover, even if we expand our manufacturing output, we may not be able to generate sufficient customer demand for our products to support
our increased production output. 

We may incur significant costs because of
the warranties we supply with our battery cell products. 

With respect to the sale of our battery products,
we typically offer warranties against any defects due to product malfunction or workmanship for a period of six months-to-eight years
from the date of purchase, including a period of six to twenty-four months for battery cells, and a period of twelve to twenty-seven months
for battery modules for electric bicycles, and a period of three years to eight years (or 120,000 or 200,000 km if reached sooner) for
battery modules for electric vehicles. We provide a reserve for these potential warranty expenses, which is based on an analysis of historical
warranty issues. There is no assurance that future warranty claims will be consistent with past history, and in the event that we
experience a significant increase in warranty claims, there is no assurance that our reserves will be sufficient. This could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We do not have product liability insurance
for claims against our product quality. Defects in our products could result in a loss of customers and decrease in revenue, unexpected
expenses and a loss of market share. 

We have not purchased product liability insurance
to provide against any claims against us based on our product quality. As a result, defects in our products could result in a loss of
customers and decrease in revenue, unexpected expenses and a loss of market share, and any of our products are found to have reliability,
quality or compatibility problems, we will be required to accept returns, provide replacements, provide refunds, or pay damages. We may
be required to incur substantial amounts to indemnify our customers in respect of their product quality claims against us, which would
materially and adversely affect the results of our operations and severely damage our reputation. 

We do not have insurance coverage against all the damages or
losses of our facilities. 

We
currently have insurance coverage for certain machinery and equipment and buildings located at our facilities in Dalian. 
 We expect we will purchase related insurance for the remaining
buildings when we obtain their property ownership certificates. If we were to suffer any losses or damages to any of the facilities before
the purchase of insurance policies that provide adequate coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, Hitrans maintains property insurance
coverage against certain property and inventory damages and losses. However, such insurance may not adequately compensate it for any such
losses and will not address a loss of customers as a result of property damages and consequent disruptions to operations or may have large
deductibles insufficient to support its continuing operations. If damages or losses exceed the insurance coverage, it may not be able
to return to operation for an extended period of time, potentially even threatening its viability. In addition, insurance coverage is
expensive, may be difficult to obtain and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms or at all. A significant increase in
the cost of insurance coverage could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

25 

We depend on third parties to supply key
raw materials and components to us. Failure to obtain a sufficient supply of these raw materials and components in a timely fashion and
at reasonable costs could significantly delay our production and shipments, which would cause us to breach our sales contracts with our
customers. 

We purchase from Chinese domestic suppliers for
certain key raw materials and components such as electrolytes, electrode materials and separators for our battery cell products
and purchase from Chinese domestic suppliers for cobaltous sulfates, manganese sulfates, lithium hydroxides, lithium carbonates and liquid
nickel sulfates. We have purchased raw materials and components on the basis of purchase orders. In the absence of firm and long-term
contracts, we may not be able to obtain a sufficient supply of these raw materials and components from our existing suppliers or alternates
in a timely fashion or at a reasonable cost. If we fail to secure a sufficient supply of key raw materials and components in a timely
fashion, it would result in a significant delay in our production and shipments, which may cause us to breach our sales contracts with
our customers. Furthermore, failure to obtain sufficient supply of these raw materials and components at a reasonable cost could also
harm our revenue and gross profit margins. 

Fluctuations in prices and availability
of raw materials, particularly Ni, Co, Mn, Li2CO3, LiPF6 and LiFePO4, could increase our costs or cause delays in shipments, which would
adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

Our operating results could be adversely affected
by increases in the cost of raw materials, particularly Ni, Co, Mn, Li2CO3, LiPF6 and LiFePO4, the primary cost component of our battery
products, battery material products or other product parts or components. The price of Ni, Co, Mn, Li2CO3, LiPF6 and LiFePO4 is not stable.
For example, we recently experienced significant increases in the costs of nickel and cobalt, as a result of the current Ukrainian-Russian
conflict, as well as in the cost of lithium carbonate due to large market demand and supply imbalance. Although we are not dependent on
single suppliers for supply of raw materials, we mostly purchase raw materials through individual purchase orders or short-term contracts
and not pursuant to long-term contracts. As such, our third-party suppliers may not be able to satisfy our requirements during a period
of sustained or growing demand. 

In addition, our battery cell products historically
have not been able to fully offset the effects of higher costs of raw materials through price increases to customers or by way of productivity
improvements. As a result, a significant increase in the price of one or more raw materials, parts or components or the inability to successfully
implement price increases/surcharges to mitigate such cost increases could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We do not have long-term purchase commitments
from our customers, which may result in significant uncertainties and volatility with respect to our revenue from period to period. 

We do not have long-term purchase commitments
from our customers and the term of our sales contracts with our customers is typically one year or less. Furthermore, these contracts
leave certain major terms such as price and quantity of products open to be determined in each purchase order. These contracts also allow
parties to re-adjust the contract price for substantial changes in market conditions. As a result, if our customers hold stronger bargaining
power than us or the market conditions are in their favor, we may not be able to enjoy the price downside protection or upside gain. Furthermore,
our customers may decide not to continue placing purchase orders with us in the future at the same level as in prior periods. As a result,
our results of operations may vary from period to period and may fluctuate significantly in the future. 

Compliance with environmental regulations
can be expensive, and our failure to comply with these regulations may result in adverse publicity and a material adverse effect on our
business. 

As a manufacturer, we are subject to various PRC
environmental laws and regulations on air emission, wastewater discharge, solid waste and noise. Although we believe that our operations
are in substantial compliance with current environmental laws and regulations, we may not be able to comply with these regulations at
all times as the PRC environmental legal regime is evolving and becoming more stringent. Therefore, if the PRC government imposes more
stringent regulations in the future, we will have to incur additional substantial costs and expenses in order to comply with new regulations,
which may negatively affect our results of operations. If we fail to comply with any of the present or future environmental regulations
in material aspects, we may suffer from negative publicity and may be required to pay substantial fines, suspend or even cease operations.
Failure to comply with PRC environmental laws and regulations may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

26 

We face risks associated with the marketing,
distribution and sale of our products internationally, and if we are unable to effectively manage these risks, they could impair our ability
to expand our business abroad. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we derived 20 and
17 , respectively, of our sales from outside the PRC mainland. We deem overseas market as an important revenue source for us, and have
been actively pursuing opportunities to expand our customer base overseas. The marketing, international distribution and sale of our products
expose us to a number of risks, including: 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

difficulty in engaging and retaining distributors that are knowledgeable about, and can function effectively in, overseas markets; 

increased costs associated with maintaining marketing efforts in various countries; 

difficulty and cost relating to compliance with the different commercial and legal requirements of the overseas markets in which we offer our products; 

inability to obtain, maintain or enforce intellectual property rights; and 

trade barriers such as export requirements, tariffs, taxes and other restrictions and expenses, which could increase the prices of our products and make us less competitive in some countries. 

Our business depends substantially on the
continuing efforts of our senior executives and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. 

Our future success heavily depends on the continued
service of our senior executives and other key employees. In particular, we rely on the expertise and experience of our Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer, President Mr. Yunfei Li and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Xiangyu Pei. If one or more of our other senior
executives are unable or unwilling to continue to work for us in their present positions, we may encounter similar problems, but on a
compounded basis. Moreover, if any of our current or former senior executives joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may
lose customers, suppliers, know-how and key personnel. Each of our executive officers has entered into an employment agreement with us,
which contains non-competition and confidentiality clauses. However, if any dispute arises between our current or former executive officers
and the Company, it is hard to predict the extent to which any of these agreements could be enforced in China, where these executive officers
reside, in light of the uncertainties with China s legal system. 

We have experienced significant management
changes which could increase our control risks and have a material adverse effect on our ability to do business and our results of operations. 

Since 2019, we have had a number of changes in our senior management,
including multiple changes in our Chief Financial Officer. The magnitude of these past and potential changes and the short time interval
in which they have occurred or may occur, particularly during a time of economic or financial crisis, add to the risks of control failures,
including a failure in the effective operation of our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures.
Control failures could result in material adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. It may take time for the
new management team to become sufficiently familiar with our business and each other to effectively develop and implement our business
strategies. The turnover of key management positions could further harm our financial performance and results of operations. Management
attention may be diverted from regular business concerns by reorganizations. 

We have identified material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to remediate the material weaknesses or maintain an effective system of internal
control over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, and investor confidence
and the market price of our shares may be adversely affected. 

To implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX
404, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report of management on the company s internal control over financial
reporting in their annual reports on Form 10-K. Under current law, we are subject to the requirement that we maintain internal controls
and that management perform periodic evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal controls, assuming our filing status remains as a
smaller reporting company. A report of our management is included under Item 9A of this annual report. Our management has identified the
following material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting: we did not have appropriate policies and procedures in place
to evaluate the proper accounting and disclosures of key documents and agreements, and there was insufficient accounting personnel with
an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application of accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. A material weakness 
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. We have taken measures and plan to continue to take measures to remedy this material weakness. We have regularly offered our financial
personnel trainings on internal control and risk management, and we have regularly provided trainings to our financial personnel on U.S.
GAAP accounting guidelines. However, the implementation of these measures may not fully address the material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting. Our failure to address any control deficiency could result in inaccuracies in our financial statements
and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and related regulatory filings on a timely
basis. Moreover, effective internal control over financial reporting is important to prevent fraud. As a result, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our shares, may be materially and adversely affected. 

27 

RISKS RELATED TO COMMON STOCK 

Numerous factors, many of which are beyond
our control, may cause the market price of common stock to fluctuate significantly. 

There are numerous factors, many of which are
beyond our control, may cause the market price of common stock of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. to fluctuate significantly. These factors
include: 

our earnings releases, actual or anticipated changes in our earnings, fluctuations in our operating results or our failure to meet the expectations of financial market analysts and investors; 

changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover the common stock; 

speculation about our business in the press or the investment community; 

significant developments relating to our relationships with our customers or suppliers; 

stock market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that are in our industries; 

customer demand for our products; 

investor perceptions of our industry in general and our company in particular; 

the operating and stock performance of comparable companies; 

general economic conditions and trends; 

major catastrophic events; 

announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles; 

loss of external funding sources; 

sales of our shares, including sales by our directors, officers or significant shareholders; and 

additions or departures of key personnel. 

In the past, shareholders of a public company
often brought securities class action suits against the company following periods of instability in the market price of that company s
securities. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert a significant amount of our management s attention and other
resources from our business and operations, which could harm our results of operations and require us to incur significant expenses to
defend the suit. Any such class action suit, whether or not successful, could harm our reputation and restrict our ability to raise capital
in the future. In addition, if a claim is successfully made against us, we may be required to pay significant damages, which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Techniques employed by short sellers
may drive down the market price of the common stock of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. 

Short selling is the practice of selling securities
that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed from a third party with the intention of buying identical securities back at a later
date to return to the lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the sale
of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects to pay less in that purchase
than it received in the sale. As it is in the short seller s interest for the price of the security to decline, many short sellers
publish, or arrange for the publication of, negative opinions regarding the relevant issuer and its business prospects in order to create
negative market momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a security short. These short attacks
have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market. 

Public companies that have substantially all of
their operations in China have been the subject of short selling. Much of the scrutiny and negative publicity has centered on allegations
of a lack of effective internal control over financial reporting resulting in financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes,
inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result, a number
of targets of such efforts are now conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations and, in the interim, are subject
to shareholder lawsuits and/or SEC enforcement actions. 

We were the subject of certain unfavorable allegations. Although we
believe such allegations are untrue, inaccurate or inflated, we have expended resources to investigate such allegations and defend ourselves
and we may need to expend more resources in connection with these or other allegations in the future, which could be costly and time-consuming
and could distract our management from growing our business. The allegations against us may severely impact our stock price and disrupt
our business operations. Any investment in the common stock of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. could be greatly reduced or even rendered
worthless due to such allegations. 

28 

If we fail to comply with the continued
listing requirements of NASDAQ, we would face possible delisting, which would result in a limited public market for shares of CBAK Energy
Technology, Inc. and make obtaining future debt or equity financing more difficult for us. 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. s common stock
is traded and listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol CBAT , which was changed from CBAK on November
30, 2018. The common stock may be delisted if we fail to maintain certain NASDAQ listing requirements. 

On February 20, 2020, we received notice from
the Listing Qualifications Department of The NASDAQ Stock Market Nasdaq indicating that, for the last 30 consecutive business
days, the bid price for the common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share and as a result, CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. was
no longer in compliance with the NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). We regained compliance with the minimum bid price rule on October 2,
2020. 

We cannot assure you that CBAK Energy Technology,
Inc. will continue to comply with the requirements for continued listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market in the future. If the common stock
loses its status on the NASDAQ Capital Market, the common stock would likely trade in the over-the-counter market. If our shares were
to trade on the over-the-counter market, selling the common stock could be more difficult because smaller quantities of shares would likely
be bought and sold, transactions could be delayed, and security analysts coverage of us may be reduced. In addition, in the event
the common stock is delisted, broker-dealers have certain regulatory burdens imposed upon them, which may discourage broker-dealers from
effecting transactions in the common stock, further limiting the liquidity of the common stock. These factors could result in lower prices
and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for the common stock. Such delisting from the NASDAQ Capital Market and continued or further
declines in our share price could also greatly impair our ability to raise additional necessary capital through equity or debt financing
and could significantly increase the ownership dilution to shareholders caused by our issuing equity in financing or other transactions. 

You may experience dilution to the extent
that shares of the common stock are issued upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or other securities that CBAK Energy Technology,
Inc. may issue in the future. 

You may experience dilution to the extent that
shares of the common stock are issued upon the exercise of outstanding warrants of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc., and if CBAK Energy Technology,
Inc. issues additional equity securities, or there are any issuances and subsequent exercises of stock options issued in the future. 

On February 10, 2021, pursuant to that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. issued to certain investors (i) in a private placement,
Series A-1 warrants to purchase a total of 4,469,988 shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 7.67 and exercisable for
42 months from the date of issuance; (ii) in a registered direct offering, certain Series B warrants to purchase a total of 4,469,988
shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 7.83 and exercisable for 90 days from the date of issuance; and (iii) in the
registered direct offering, certain Series A-2 warrants to purchase up to 2,234,992 shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price
of 7.67 and exercisable for 45 months from the date of issuance. On May 10, 2021, we entered into that Amendment No. 1 to the Series
B Warrant with each of the holders of the Series B warrants, pursuant to which the expiration date of the Series B warrants was extended
from May 11, 2021 to August 31, 2021. On September 1, 2021, all of the Series B warrants and Series A-2 warrants had expired. 

Prior to that, in December 2020, CBAK Energy Technology,
Inc. issued to the same investors warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,795,920 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.46
per share. These warrants are exercisable until 36 months after the date of issuance. The exercise prices of all of the above warrants
are subject to full-ratchet anti-dilution adjustment in the case of future issuances or deemed issuances of shares of common stock below
the warrants exercise price then in effect, as well as customary adjustment in case of stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and similar recapitalization transactions. In addition, CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. issued to Mr. Jian Ke placement agent warrants to
purchase up to 379,592 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.475 per share in December 2020 and the placement agent warrant
to purchase up to 446,999 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 9.204 per share in February 2021. These warrants also bear customary
anti-dilution protections in the event of stock dividends or splits, business combination, sale of assets, similar recapitalization transactions,
or other similar transactions. 

Our directors and executive officers, collectively,
own approximately 12.82 of outstanding common stock of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. and may possess significant influence in or control
over our management and affairs. 

Mr. Yunfei Li, our president and chief executive officer
and chairman of our board, and our other executive officers and directors beneficially own an aggregate of 12.82 of outstanding common
stock of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. as of December 31, 2022. As a result, our directors and executive officers, acting together, may
have significant influence in or control over our management and affairs, including the election of directors and approval of significant
corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidation, and sale of all or substantially all of our assets. Consequently, this concentration
of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, including a merger, consolidation or other business combination
involving us, even if such a change of control would benefit our stockholders. 

29 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS 

If we cannot continue to develop new products
in a timely manner, and at favorable margins, we may not be able to compete effectively. 

The battery industry has been notable for the
pace of innovations in product life, product design and applied technology. We have made, and will continue to make, investments in research
and development with the goal of further innovation. The successful development and introduction of new products and line extensions face
the uncertainty of customer acceptance and reaction from competitors, as well as the possibility of cannibalization of sales of our existing
products. In addition, our ability to create new products and line extensions and to sustain existing products is affected by whether
we can: 

develop and fund research and technological innovations; 

receive and maintain necessary intellectual property protections; 

obtain governmental approvals and registrations; 

comply with governmental regulations; and 

anticipate customer needs and preferences successfully. 

The failure to develop and launch successful new
products could hinder the growth of our business and any delay in the development or launch of a new product could also compromise our
competitive position. If competitors introduce new or enhanced products that significantly outperform ours, or if they develop or apply
manufacturing technology which permits them to manufacture at a significantly lower cost relative to ours, we may be unable to compete
successfully in the market segments affected by these changes. 

A change in our product mix may cause our
results of operations to differ substantially from the anticipated results in any particular period. 

Our overall profitability may not meet expectations
if our products, customers or geographic mix are substantially different than anticipated. Our profit margins vary among products, customers
and geographic markets. Consequently, if our mix of any of these is substantially different from what is anticipated in any particular
period, our profitability could be lower than anticipated. 

Manufacturing or use of our products may
cause accidents, which could result in significant production interruption, delay or claims for substantial damages. 

Due to the high energy density inherent in lithium-based
batteries, our batteries can pose certain safety risks, including the risk of fire. Although we incorporate safety procedures in the research,
development, manufacture and transportation of batteries that are designed to minimize safety risks, the manufacture or use of our products
may still cause accidents. Any accident, whether occurring at the manufacturing facilities or from the use of our products, may result
in significant production interruption, delays or claims for substantial damages caused by personal injuries or property damages. 

We may face impairment charges if economic
environments in which our businesses operate and key economic and business assumptions substantially change. 

Assessment of the potential impairment of property,
plant and equipment and other identifiable intangible assets is an integral part of our normal ongoing review of operations. Testing for
potential impairment of long-lived assets is dependent on numerous assumptions and reflects our best estimates at a particular point in
time, which may vary from testing date to testing date. The economic environments in which our businesses operate and key economic and
business assumptions with respect to projected product selling prices and materials costs, market growth and inflation rates, can significantly
affect the outcome of impairment tests. Estimates based on these assumptions may differ significantly from actual results. Changes in
factors and assumptions used in assessing potential impairments can have a significant impact on both the existence and magnitude of impairments,
as well as the time at which such impairments are recognized. Future changes in the economic environment and the economic outlook for
the assets being evaluated could also result in impairment charges. Any significant asset impairments would adversely impact our financial
results. We have recognized impairment losses for goodwill of 1.6 million and impairment losses for long-lived assets of 4.8 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to underperformance of Hitrans reporting unit. 

We may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation
claims by third parties, which, if determined adversely to us, could cause our loss of significant rights and inability to continue providing
our existing product offerings. 

Our success also depends largely on our ability
to use and develop our technology and know-how without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties. The validity and
scope of claims relating to lithium-ion battery technology patents involve complex scientific, legal and factual questions and analysis
and, therefore, may be highly expensive and time-consuming. If there is a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be required
to pay substantial damages to the party claiming infringement, develop non-infringing technologies or enter into royalty or license agreements
that may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Our failure to develop non-infringing technologies or license the proprietary
rights on a timely basis would harm our business. Protracted litigation could result in our customers, or potential customers, deferring
or limiting their purchase or use of our products until resolution of such litigation. Parties making the infringement claim may also
obtain an injunction that can prevent us from selling our products or using technology that contains the allegedly infringing contents.
Any intellectual property litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

30 

The success of our business depends on our
ability to attract, train and retain highly skilled employees and key personnel. 

Because of the highly specialized, technical nature
of our business, we must attract, train and retain a sizable workforce comprising highly skilled employees and other key personnel. Since
our industry is characterized by high demand and intense competition for talent, we may have to pay higher salaries and wages and provide
greater benefits in order to attract and retain highly skilled employees or other key personnel that we will need to achieve our strategic
objectives. Our ability to train and integrate new employees into our operations may not meet the requirements of our growing business.
Our failure to attract, train or retain highly skilled employees and other key personnel in numbers that are sufficient to satisfy our
needs would materially and adversely affect our business. 

If we become directly subject to the scrutiny,
criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate and
resolve the matter which could harm our business operations, stock price and reputation and could result in a loss of your investment
in our stock, especially if such matter cannot be addressed and resolved favorably. 

U.S. public companies that have substantially
all of their operations in China, particularly companies like us which have completed so-called reverse merger transactions, have been
the subject of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity by investors, financial commentators and regulatory agencies, such as
the SEC. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity has centered around financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes,
a lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting, inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto
and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, the publicly traded stock of
many U.S. listed Chinese companies has sharply decreased in value and, in some cases, has become virtually worthless. Many of these companies
have also been subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions, and have been conducting internal and external investigations
into the allegations. If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations, whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue,
we will have to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend our company. This situation will be costly
and time consuming and distract our management from growing our company. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless, our company
and business operations will be severely and your investment in our stock could be rendered worthless. 

The disclosures in our reports and other
filings with the SEC and our other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of any regulatory bodies in the PRC. Accordingly,
our public disclosure should be reviewed in light of the fact that no governmental agency that is located in China where substantially
all of our operations and business are located have conducted any due diligence on our operations or reviewed or cleared any of our disclosures. 

We are regulated by the SEC and our reports and
other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act. Unlike public reporting companies whose operations are located primarily in the United States, however, substantially
all of our operations are located in China. Since substantially all of our operations and business take place in China, it may be more
difficult for the Staff of the SEC to overcome the geographic and cultural obstacles that are present when reviewing our disclosures.
These same obstacles are not present for similar companies whose operations or business take place entirely or primarily in the United
States. Furthermore, our SEC reports and other disclosures and public pronouncements are not subject to the review or scrutiny of any
PRC regulatory authority. For example, the disclosure in our SEC reports and other filings are not subject to the review of China Securities
Regulatory Commission, a PRC regulator that is tasked with oversight of the capital markets in China. Accordingly, you should review our
SEC reports, filings and our other public pronouncements with the understanding that no local regulator has done any due diligence on
our company and with the understanding that none of our SEC reports, other filings or any of our other public pronouncements has been
reviewed or otherwise been scrutinized by any local regulator. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional
counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. 

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments
that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial
services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in
the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank failed and was taken into receivership
by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into
receivership; the following week, a syndicate of U.S. banks infused 30 billion in First Republic Bank; and later that same week, the
Swiss Central Bank provided 54 billion in covered loan and short-term liquidity facilities to Credit Suisse Group AG, all in an attempt
to reassure depositors and calm fears of a banking contagion. Our ability to effectively run our business could be adversely affected
by general conditions in the global economy and in the financial services industry. Various macroeconomic factors could adversely affect
our business, including fears concerning the banking sector, changes in inflation, interest rates and overall economic conditions and
uncertainties. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks, including our ability to raise additional funding
on a timely basis or on acceptable terms. A weak or declining economy could also impact third parties upon whom we depend to run our business.
Increasing concerns over bank failures and bailouts and their potential broader effects and potential systemic risk on the global banking
sector generally and its participants may adversely affect our access to capital and our business and operations more generally. 

Currently,
we do not have a business relationship with any of the banking institutions mentioned above, and our cash, cash equivalents and short
term investments that are mostly concentrated in China have been unaffected by the turmoil in the financial industry in the US and Europe;
however, we cannot guarantee that the banking institution with which we do business will not face similar circumstances in the future,
or that the third parties with whom we do business will not be negatively affected by such circumstances. 

31 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We have completed the construction of the facilities
in our Dalian site with a total area of 74,257 square meters comprising manufacturing facilities, warehousing and packaging facilities
and administrative offices at the BAK Industrial Park in Dalian. Of that space, approximately 33,138 square meters are manufacturing facilities.
Our power battery manufacturing plant and packing plant in Dalian started commercial production in July 2015. 

We have completed the construction facilities for the Phase One of
our Nanjing site, which occupies an area of 27,173 square meters. 

In November 2021, the Company completed the acquisition
of Hitrans. Hitrans owns a manufacturing facility, warehousing, R D and administrative offices in Zhejiang with a total area of 28,580
square meters. Of that space, approximately 22,913 square meters are manufacturing facilities. 

We believe that our facilities, including those under construction,
meet our current business needs and will meet the needs of our expanded operations in the future. 

The following table sets forth the breakdown of our facilities as of
December 31, 2022 based on use: 

Facility 
 Usage 
 Area (m 2 
 
 Constructions completed 
 Manufacturing 
 72,959 

R D and administrative 
 6,812 

Warehousing 
 18,749 

Other facilities 
 4,317 

Total 
 102,837 

Constructions completed - facilities rented 
 Manufacturing 
 16,476 

Warehousing 
 9,097 

Administrative 
 1,723 

Total 
 27,296 

The following table presents the total acreage of facilities controlled by each of our major operating subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022: 

Area (m 2 
 
 Dalian CBAK Power facilities site area 
 Total 
 74,257 
 
 Nanjing CBAK facility site area 
 Total 
 27,173 
 
 Nanjing BFD facilities site area 
 Total 
 123 
 
 Hitrans facilities site area 
 Total 
 28,580 

See also Item 1. Business Overview
of Our Business Expansion of Manufacturing Capabilities for more information related to the construction of our Nanjing
facilities. 

We currently have insurance coverage for certain
pledged machinery, equipment and buildings located at our owned facilities. We expect we will purchase related insurance for the remaining
buildings when we obtain their property ownership certificates. If we were to suffer any losses or damages to any of the facilities before
purchasing insurance policies that provide adequate coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

See Note 27 (ii) to our audited consolidated financial statements included
in this report. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Effective June 21, 2019, the Company s Common Stock started
trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CBAT. 

Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of April 10, 2023, there were approximately 50 holders of record
of our common stock, which do not include the number of stockholders holding shares of our common stock in street name. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid any dividends, nor do we have any present
plan to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our
available funds and any future earnings to operate and expand our business. 

As we are a holding company, we rely on dividends
paid to us by our subsidiaries in the PRC through our Hong Kong subsidiaries, BAK Asia and BAK Investments. In accordance with its articles
of association, each of our subsidiaries in the PRC is required to allocate to its statutory general reserve at least 10 of its respective
after-tax profits determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and regulations. Each of our subsidiaries in the PRC may
stop allocations to its general reserve if such reserve has reached 50 of its registered capital. Allocations to the reserve can only
be used for making up losses and other specified purposes and may not be paid to us in the form of loans, advances, or cash dividends.
Dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries to BAK Asia or BAK Investments, our Hong Kong subsidiaries, will not be subject to Hong Kong capital
gains or other income tax under current Hong Kong laws and regulations because they will not be deemed to be assessable income derived
from or arising in Hong Kong. Such dividends, however, may be subject to a 10 withholding tax in the PRC. 

Our board of directors has discretion on whether
to pay dividends unless the distribution would render us unable to repay our debts as they become due, as provided in Chapter 78.288
of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon
our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other
factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We have not sold any equity securities during
the 2022 fiscal year that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed
during the 2022 fiscal year. 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

No repurchases of our common stock were made during the fiscal year
of 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

33 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following management s discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto and the other financial information appearing
elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains certain forward-looking information.
See Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements above for certain information concerning those forward-looking statements.
Our financial statements are prepared in U.S. dollars and in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Overview 

We are engaged in the development, manufacture
and sale of new energy high power lithium batteries, as well as cathode materials and precursors for lithium batteries, which are mainly
used in the following applications: 

Electric vehicles EV ), such as electric cars,
 electric buses, hybrid electric cars and buses; 

Light electric vehicles LEV ), such as electric
 bicycles, electric motors, sight-seeing cars; and 

Electric tools, energy storage including but not limited to
 uninterruptible power supply application, and other high-power applications. 

In 2022, to meet a great demand for lithium-ion
batteries, we have ramped up capacity in our Dalian manufacturing center and the Phase One project in Nanjing with new production lines. 

We generated revenues from the manufacture and
sale of high-power lithium batteries and raw materials for lithium batteries of 248.7 million and 52.7 million for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We incurred a net loss of 11.3 million and a net profit of 61.5 million during the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. New revenues driven from the sale of materials used in manufacturing of lithium
batteries, through the newly acquired subsidiary, Hitrans, as well as the continuous climb of sales in uninterruptible supplies and light-electric-vehicle
related products, contributed to the total increase. For more details, see Item 1. Business Overview of Our Business . 
Specifically, net revenue from sales of batteries for uninterruptable supplies was 83.6 million for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, as compared to 33.3 million for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 50.3 million, or 151 . Net revenue from
sales of cathode materials and precursors was 154.0 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 17.9 million
for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was partly attributed to revenue from Hitrans being included for a full year in
2022, as opposed to only one month in 2021. In addition, net revenues from sales of batteries for light electric vehicles was 6.4 million
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.7 million for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 5.7
million, or 814 . We believe the government s new energy policies will, in the long run, encourage the production of new energy
vehicles, optimize the industry s structure, enhance technical standards and strengthen the industry s competitiveness, which
ultimately will foster strategic development of new energy vehicles. In addition, our latest development of 32140 battery and our planned
investment in the R D of Series 46 batteries will help us regain competitiveness in both LEV and EV markets with the appropriate products.
With the demand for new energy growing, we are confident in our ability to secure additional orders from the expanding market. 

We completed the construction of a cylindrical
power battery manufacturing plant in Dalian which started commercial production in July 2015. We have received and been utilizing most
of BAK Tianjin s operating assets relocated to our Dalian facilities, including its machinery and equipment for battery production
and battery pack production, customers, management team and technical staff, patents and technologies. We also started construction of
our Nanjing facilities in 2020. The construction work is designed to comprise two phases. The first phase project Phase One was put into operation in the second half of 2021. Phase One covers an area of approximately 27,173 square meters. Since the operation
of Phase One, we have been steadily increasing its production capacity to 2GWh. We started the construction of the second phase project Phase Two in 2022 and expect to complete the infrastructure of the first 60,494 square meters in the third quarter of
2023 which would be put into operation in the last quarter of 2023. The Nanjing facilities, once fully built, are expected to provide
20 GWh capacity to support our customers growing demand. In addition to construction, we have also purchased machinery and equipment
for our capacity expansion. Moreover, given the equity and debt financings we have obtained, we believe that with the booming future
market demand for high power lithium-ion products, we can continue as a going concern and return to profitability. 

In addition, we completed the acquisition of
81.56 of registered equity interests (representing 75.57 of paid-up capital) in Hitrans, a leading developer and manufacturer of NCM
precursor and cathode materials in China, in November 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our equity interests in Hitrans had reduced to 67.33 
after Hitrans took investments from several investors. See Item 1. Business Overview of Our Business Acquisition
of A Raw Materials Manufacturer for more information on the acquisition. 

The consolidated financial statements contained
in this annual report have been prepared assuming we will continue to operate as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty related to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

34 

Financial Statement Presentation 

Net revenues. The Company
recognizes revenues when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration
which it expects to receive in exchange for those goods. The Company recognizes revenues following the five-step model prescribed
under ASU No. 2014-09: (i) identify contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii)
determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v)
recognize revenues when (or as) we satisfy the performance obligation. 

Revenues from product sales are recognized when
the customer obtains control of our product, which occurs at a point in time, typically upon delivery to the customer. We expense incremental
costs of obtaining a contract as and when incurred it the expected amortization period of the asset that it would have recognized is
on year or less or the amount is immaterial. 

Revenue from product sales is recorded
net of reserves established for applicable discounts and allowances that are offered within contracts with our customers. 

Product revenue reserves, which are classified
as a reduction in product revenues, are generally characterized in the categories: discounts and returns. These reserves are based on
estimates of the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales and are classified as reductions of accounts receivable as the
amount is payable to the Company s customer. 

Cost of revenues. Cost of revenues
consists primarily of material costs, employee remuneration for staff engaged in production activity, share-based compensation, depreciation
and related expenses that are directly attributable to the production of products. Cost of revenues also includes write-downs of inventory
to lower of cost and net realizable value. 

Research and development expenses. Research
and development expenses primarily consist of remuneration for R D staff, share-based compensation, depreciation and maintenance
expenses relating to R D equipment, and R D material costs. 

Sales and marketing expenses. Sales
and marketing expenses consist primarily of remuneration for staff involved in selling and marketing efforts, including staff engaged
in the packaging of goods for shipment, warranty expenses, advertising cost, depreciation, share-based compensation and travel and entertainment
expenses. We do not pay slotting fees to retail companies for displaying our products, engage in cooperative advertising programs, participate
in buy-down programs or similar arrangements. 

General and administrative expenses. General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee remuneration, share-based compensation, professional fees, insurance, benefits,
general office expenses, depreciation, liquidated damage charges and bad debt expenses. 

Finance costs, net. Finance costs consist primarily
of interest income and interest on bank loans, net of capitalized interest. 

Income tax expenses. Our subsidiaries
in PRC are subject to an income tax rate of 25 , except for Hitrans and CBAK Power which was recognized as a High and New Technology
Enterprise and enjoyed a preferential tax rate of 15 from 2021 to 2024. Our Hong Kong subsidiary BAK Asia is and BAK Investment
are subject to profits tax at a rate of 16.5 . However, because we did not have any assessable income derived from or arising in Hong
Kong, BAK Asia and BAK Investment had not paid any such tax. 

35 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

The following table sets forth key components of our results of operations
for the years indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of our revenue. 

(All amounts, other than percentages, in thousands
of U.S. dollars) 

Years Ended 
 Change 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2021 
 2022 

Net revenues 
 52,670 
 248,725 
 196,055 
 372 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 (47,559 
 (230,630 
 (183,071 
 385 
 
 Gross profit 
 5,111 
 18,095 
 12,984 
 254 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 
 (5,274 
 (10,635 
 (5,361 
 102 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 (2,302 
 (2,008 
 294 
 -13 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (10,027 
 (9,738 
 289 
 -3 
 
 Impairment charge on long-lived assets 
 - 
 (4,832 
 (4,832 
 n/a 
 
 Impairment charge on goodwill 
 - 
 (1,556 
 (1,556 
 n/a 
 
 Recovery of (provision for) doubtful accounts 
 780 
 (831 
 (1,611 
 -207 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (16,823 
 (29,600 
 (12,777 
 76 
 
 Operating loss 
 (11,712 
 (11,505 
 207 
 -2 
 
 Finance income, net 
 785 
 491 
 (294 
 -37 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 3,644 
 (7,252 
 (10,896 
 -299 
 
 Impairment of Non-marketable equity securities 
 (693 
 - 
 693 
 -100 
 
 Change in fair value of warrants liability 
 61,802 
 5,710 
 (56,092 
 -91 
 
 Income (loss) before income tax 
 53,826 
 (12,556 
 (66,382 
 -123 
 
 Income tax credit 
 7,733 
 1,228 
 (6,505 
 -84 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 61,559 
 (11,328 
 (72,887 
 -118 
 
 Less: Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 (73 
 1,879 
 1,952 
 -2,674 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. 
 61,486 
 (9,449 
 (70,935 
 -115 

Net revenues . Net revenues
were 248.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 52.7 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021,
an increase of 196 million, or 372 . 

The following table sets forth the breakdown of our net revenues by
end-product applications. 

(All amounts, other than percentage, in thousands
of U.S. dollars) 

Years Ended 
 Change 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2021 
 2022 

High-power lithium batteries used in: 

Electric vehicles 
 244 
 4,695 
 4,451 
 1,824 
 
 Light electric vehicles 
 733 
 6,415 
 5,682 
 775 
 
 Uninterruptable supplies 
 33,308 
 83,603 
 50,295 
 151 
 
 Trading of Raw materials used in lithium batteries 
 520 
 2 
 -518 
 -100 

34,805 
 94,715 
 59,910 
 172 
 
 Materials used in manufacturing of lithium batteries 

Cathode 
 8,726 
 75,331 
 66,605 
 763 
 
 Precursor 
 9,139 
 78,679 
 69,540 
 761 

17,865 
 154,010 
 136,145 
 762 
 
 Total 
 52,670 
 248,725 
 196,055 
 372 

Net revenues from sales of batteries for electric vehicles were 4.7
million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.2 million for 2021, an increase of 1,824 . This was partly because
our batteries now have improved features and higher quality, making them more attractive to electric vehicle manufacturers. Additionally,
the downstream market for electric vehicles continued to grow in 2022, leading to an increase in demand for EV battery products. As a
result, we were able to secure more orders and increase our sales volume. 

36 

Net revenues from sales of batteries for light electric vehicles was
approximately 6.4 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared 0.7 million for 2021, representing an increase of
 5.7 million, or 775 . The light electric vehicle market experienced strong growth in 2022 due to various developments. First, the upgrading
of electric bicycles to comply with new national standards in China led to increased demand for our batteries. Second, the
COVID-19 pandemic spurred a fast development of the food delivery industry, which in turn drove the growth of the shared electric bicycle
market. Last, there has been an increased popularity of electric scooters, motors, and bicycles in China, Southeast Asia, and European
markets as people seek ways to reduce carbon emissions and pollution. With the favorable market conditions, we were able to boost our
sales in 2022. We will continue to penetrate the market for batteries used in light electric vehicles. 

Net revenues from sales of batteries for uninterruptable supplies was
 83.6 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 33.3 million for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 50.3 million, or 151 . The increase in sales of batteries for uninterruptable supplies in 2022 can be attributed to a combination
of factors including growing demand for renewable energy sources, and our development of reliable and low-cost products. As more businesses
and households switch to renewable energy, there has been a growing demand for renewable energy sources and the need for energy storage
solutions to support these sources. Additionally, our focus on research and development has allowed us to develop innovative and reliable
energy storage products at a competitive pricing. As we continue to invest in R D and improve our product offerings, we expect to
remain a leader in the energy storage industry and see continued growth in sales. 

Net revenues from trading of raw materials used
in lithium batteries were 2,172 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with 0.5 million in the same period in 2021. 

Net revenues from sales of materials for use
in manufacturing of lithium battery cell were 154.0 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 17.9 million
for 2021. In November 2021, we completed the acquisition of Hitrans, which is a raw materials producer and added the sale of materials
for lithium battery cell to our business lines. This increase is partly attributed to the revenue of Hitrans being included for a full
year in 2022, as opposed to just one month in 2021. 

During 2022, we through the newly acquired subsidiary,
Hitrans, a producer of cathode and precursor materials, earned sales of materials used in manufacturing of lithium batteries in an amount
of 154.0 million. We look forward to strengthening the battery product ecosystem as we seek stable raw material supply and drive greater
revenue for our business. 

Cost of revenues. Cost of revenues increased
to 230.6 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 47.6 million for 2021, an increase of 183.1 million, or
385 . The increase in cost of revenues was in line with the increase of net revenues. Included in cost of revenues were write down of
obsolete and slow-moving inventories of 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, while it was 0.9 million for the year 2021.
We write down the inventory value whenever there is an indication that it is impaired. 

Gross
profit. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 18.1 million, or 7.3 of net revenues as compared to gross profit
of 5.1 million, or 9.7 of net revenues, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit margin slightly decreased largely
due to increased pricing of battery raw materials. 

Research and development expenses. Research
and development expenses increased to 10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 5.3 million for 2021, an increase
of 5.3 million, or 102 . The increase was primarily attributed to an increase in R D employees salaries and social insurance
expenses by approximately 2.0 million. R D employees salaries and social insurance expenses increased largely due to the
inclusion of salaries for the newly acquired subsidiary, Hitrans s, R D staff, and a growing number of employees at Nanjing
CBAK. Also, the expiration of Chinese government s COVID-19 relief policy that alleviated corporations social insurance
burdens has also contributed to the increase. In addition, we incurred expenses for materials used in battery research and development
of 0.7 million and 0.5 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as a result of the Company s efforts to
research and develop upgraded battery products with lower costs and better performance. We incurred 2.7 million of R D operating
expenses by incorporating Hitrans s R D expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Sales and marketing expenses. Sales and
marketing expenses slightly decreased to 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.3 million for 2021, a decrease
of 0.3 million, or 13 . As a percentage of revenues, sales and marketing expenses were 0.8 and 4.4 of revenues for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, salaries, sales commissions and social insurance expenses
for sales and marketing employees increased by approximately 0.5 million. Sales and marketing employees salaries and social insurance
expenses increased is due to a growing number of employees at Nanjing CBAK as well as the expiration of Chinese government s COVID-19
relief policy that alleviated corporations social insurance burdens. Moreover, given the growth in revenue, we increased sales
and marketing employees salaries and welfare. We incurred exhibition-related expenses of 0.2 million in the year ended December
31, 2021 as we attended several exhibitions to increase our brand awareness. We did not attend exhibitions, incurring nil of such expenses,
in 2022, largely because of the COVID-19 pandemic and quarantine measures. Besides, the transaction costs and custom declaration charges
increased by 0.6 million due to the increase of international sales during fiscal 2022. The above increase was offset by the reversal
of our product warranty provision by 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We accrues an estimate of the exposures o warranty
claims based on current and historical sales data and warranty costs incurred. We have made reversal on product warranty provision on
sales which the warranty provision period had passed in 2022. 

37 

General
and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses slightly decreased to 9.7 million for the year ended December
31, 2022, as compared to 10.0 million for 2021, a decrease of 0.3 million, or 3 . The decrease was primarily resulted from a decrease
in professional fees of approximately 1.8 million, offset by an increase in administrative employees salaries and social insurance
expenses by approximately 1.5 million. Administrative employees salaries and social insurance expenses increased due to the salary
expenses incurred for the newly acquired subsidiary, Hitrans, and a growing number of employees at Nanjing CBAK as well as the expiration
of Chinese government s COVID-19 relief policy that alleviated corporations social insurance burdens. Our consultancy, legal
and other professional fees decreased by 1.8 million in 2022, as compared to 2021 where we incurred consultancy fees related to the
Hitrans acquisition and fundraising activities. 

Long-lived assets impairment charge. 
During the course of our strategic review of our operations, we assessed the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets
which resulted in impairment losses of 4.8 million and nil for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The impairment
charge represented the excess of carrying amounts of our long-lived assets over the estimated fair value of the Company s production
facilities in Hitrans for the production of materials used in manufacturing of lithium batteries, due to underperformance of Hitrans
reporting unit. No impairment charge on production facilities in Dalian and Nanjing. 

Goodwill impairment charge. Goodwill
impairment was 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The impairment loss of goodwill was primarily attributable to the impairment
related to Hitrans reporting unit. Hitrans reporting unit carrying value exceeded the fair value as of December 31, 2022, due to underperformance
of Hitrans reporting unit. 

Recovery of (provision for) doubtful accounts.
 Provision for doubtful accounts was 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a recovery of 0.8 million
for 2021. We determine the allowance based on historical write-off experience, customer specific facts and economic conditions. 

Operating loss. As a result of the
above, our operating loss totaled 11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 11.7 million for 2021, a decrease
of 0.2 million or 2 . 

Finance income, net. Finance income,
net was 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to finance income, net of 0.8 million for the year ended December
31, 2021, as a result of a higher loan balance in 2022. The interest expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0.6 million
and 0.3 million, respectively. 

Other income (expenses), net. Other
expenses were 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to other income of approximately 3.6 million for 2021. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we written off our long-lived assets for 7.4 million was recognized. 

Changes in fair value of warrants liability.
 We issued warrants in the financings we consummated in December 2020 and February 2021, respectively. We determined that these
warrants should be accounted for as derivative liabilities, as the warrants are dominated in a currency (U.S. dollar) other than our
functional currency. The change in fair value of warrants liability is mainly due to our share price decline. 

Income tax credit. Income tax credit
was 1.2 million and 7.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in the income tax credit
was primarily due to the reduction in the uncertain tax positions taken by the Company in 2021. 

Net (loss) income. As a
result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of 9.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net income of 61.6 million
for 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have financed our liquidity requirements from
a variety of sources, including short-term bank loans, other short-term loans and bills payable under bank credit agreements, advance
from our related and unrelated parties, investors and issuance of capital stock. 

We recorded a net loss of 11.3 million in the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 37.4 million. Our total current assets
were 125.7 million and our total current liabilities were 111.9 million, resulting in a net working capital surplus of 13.8 million. 

Lending from Financial Institutions 

On November 16, 2021, the Company obtained banking facilities from
Shaoxing Branch of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd with a maximum amount of RMB120.1 million (approximately 19.0 million) with maturity
dates ranging from November 18, 2021 to November 18, 2026. The facility was secured by the Company s land use rights and buildings.
Under the facility, the Company has borrowed RMB 56.0 million (approximately 8.9 million) and RMB59.0 million (approximately 8.5 million)
as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, for varying terms ending between November 16, 2022 and May 16, 2023, bearing interest
at 4.15 - 4.35 per annum. We repaid RMB45 million (approximately 6.5 million) in March 2023 and borrowed RMB60 million (approximately
 8.7 million) under the same facility for a term until February 15, 2024 to march 17, 2024, bearing annual interest rate at 3.65 . 

38 

On April 19, 2021, we obtained five-year acceptance bills facilities
from Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd with a maximum amount of RMB84.4 million (approximately 13.2 million). Any amount drawn under the facilities
requires security in the form of cash or bank acceptance bills receivable of at least the same amount. Under the facilities, as of December
31, 2021, we borrowed a total of RMB10 million (approximately 1.6 million) from Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd in the form of bills payable,
with maturity dates ranging from January to February 2022, which were secured by our cash totaling RMB10 million (approximately 1.6 million). 

On March 21, 2022, we renewed the above acceptance bills facilities
from Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd with a maximum amount of RMB71.6 million 10.4 million) with other terms remain the same. Under the facilities,
as of December 31, 2022, we borrowed a total of RMB15.9 million (approximately 2.3 million) in the form of bills payable for various
terms expiring from January to June 2023, which was secured by our cash totaling RMB15.9 million (approximately 2.3 million). We intend
to renew the above acceptance facility from Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd. in the near future. 

On January 17, 2022, we obtained a one-year term facility
from Agricultural Bank of China with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) bearing interest at 105 of benchmark
rate of the People s Bank of China PBOC for short-term loans, which is 3.85 per annum. The facility was guaranteed
by the Company s CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan and secured by an unrelated third party, Jiangsu
Credits Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd. We borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) on the same date for a term until January
16, 2023. We repaid the loan early on January 5, 2023. 

On January 5, 2023, we renewed the one-year term
facility from Agricultural Bank of China, for a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) for a period of one year
to January 4, 2024, bearing interest at 120 of benchmark rate of the PBOC for short-term loans, which is 3.85 per annum, while other
terms and guarantee remaining the same. We borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) on January 6, 2023. 

On February 9, 2022, we obtained a one-year term facility
from Jiangsu Gaochun Rural Commercial Bank with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) bearing interest at 124 
of benchmark rate of the People s Bank of China PBOC for short-term loans, which is 4.94 per annum. The facility
was guaranteed by the Company s CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan. We borrowed RMB10 million (approximately
 1.4 million) on February 17, 2022 for a term until January 28, 2023. We repaid the loan early on January 16, 2023. 

On January 14, 2023, we renewed the one-year term
facility from Jiangsu Gaochun Rural Commercial Bank, for a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) bearing interest
at 129 of benchmark rate of the People s Bank of China PBOC for short-term loans, which is 4.7 per annum. We
borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) on January 17, 2023 for a term until January 13, 2024. 

On March 8, 2022, we obtained a one-year term
facility from China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. Shangyu Branch with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) bearing
interest at 5. 5 per annum. The facility was guaranteed by 100 equity in CBAK Power held by BAK Asia and the Company s CEO, Mr.
Yunfei Li. The Company borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.6 million) on the same date. On May 17, 2022, we repaid the loan principal
and related loan interests. 

On April 28, 2022, we obtained a three-year term
facility from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Nanjing Gaochun branch, with a maximum amount of RMB12 million (approximately 1.7
million) with the term from April 21, 2022 to April 21, 2025. The facilities were guaranteed by our CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li and Mr. Yunfei
Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan. Under the facility, we borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) on April 29, 2022, bearing
interest at 3.95 per annum for a term until April 29, 2023. 

On June 22, 2022, we obtained another one-year
term facility from China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. Shangyu Branch with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) bearing
interest at 4.5 per annum. The facility was guaranteed by 100 equity in CBAK Power held by BAK Asia and our CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li. The
Company borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) on the same date for a term until June 21, 2023. We repaid the loan on November
10, 2022. 

On September 25, 2022, we entered into a new
one-year term facility with Jiangsu Gaochun Rural Commercial Bank with a maximum amount of RMB9 million (approximately 1.3 million)
bearing interest rate at 4.81 per annum. The facility was guaranteed by 100 equity in CBAK Nanjing held by BAK Investment and our CEO,
Mr. Yunfei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan. We borrowed RMB9 million (approximately 1.3 million) on September 27,
2022 for a term until September 24, 2023. 

On November 8, 2022, we obtained a one-year term
facility from China CITIC Bank with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million). On November 8, 2022, we borrowed RMB10
million (approximately 1.4 million) under the facility, bearing interest rate at 4.35 per annum, with the maturity date to August 9,
2023. We repaid RMB5.0 million (approximately 0.7 million) and RMB0.2 million (approximately 0.1 million) on November 16, 2022 and December
27, 2022, respectively. On December 27, 2022, we entered into another facility with China CITIC Bank for a maximum amount of RMB0.2 million
(approximately 0.1 million), the interest rate is 4.2 , and the maturity date is December 27, 2023. 

On December 9, 2022, we obtained a RMB5 million
(approximately 0.7 million) letter of credit from China CITIC Bank for a period to October 30, 2024 for settlement of Hitrans purchase.
We have not utilized the letter of credit as of December 31, 2022. On January 5, 2023, we utilized RMB 1.5 million (approximately 0.2
million) at an interest rate of 2.7 for a period of one year to January 5, 2024. 

On January 7, 2023, we obtained a two-year term
facility from Postal Savings Bank of China, Nanjing Tianhe Branch with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million)
for a period from January 7, 2023 to January 6, 2025. The facility was guaranteed by the Company s CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li, Mr. Yunfei
Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan and CBAK New Energy (Nanjing) Co., Ltd. We borrowed RMB5 million (approximately 0.7 million) on January
12, 2023 for a term of one year until January 11, 2024, bearing interest at 3.65 per annum. 

39 

We borrowed a series of acceptance bills from Agricultural Bank of
China totaling RMB28.4 million (approximately 4.1 million) for various terms through January to March 2023, which were secured by our
cash totaling RMB28.4 million (approximately 4.1 million). 

We borrowed a series of acceptance bills from
Jiangsu Gaochun Rural Commercial Bank totaling RMB6.7 million (approximately 0.9 million) for various terms ending through January to
June 2023, which was secured by our cash totaling RMB6.7 million (approximately 0.9 million) 

We borrowed a series of acceptance bills
from China Zheshang Bank Co. Ltd Shangyu Branch totaling RMB72.4 million (approximately 10.5 million) for various terms ending through
January to June 2023, which were secured by our cash totaling RMB53.4 million (approximately 7.7 million) and our bills receivable totaling
RMB22.2 million (approximately 3.2 million). 

We borrowed a series of acceptance bills from
Shaoxing Branch of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd totaling RMB21.9 million (approximately 3.2 million) for various terms ending through
March to May 2023, which were secured by our cash totaling RMB12.2 million (approximately 1.8 million) and our land use rights and buildings. 

We borrowed a series of acceptance bills from
China Merchants Bank Dalian Branch totaling RMB96.4 million (approximately 14.0 million) for various terms ending through January to
June 2023, which was secured by our cash totaling RMB96.4 million (approximately 14.0 million). 

As of December 31, 2022, we had unutilized committed banking facilities
of 6.8 million. We plan to renew these loans upon maturity and intend to raise additional funds through bank borrowings in the future
to meet our daily cash demands, if required. 

Equity and Debt Financings from Investors 

In addition, we have obtained funds through private placements, registered
direct offerings and other equity and debt financings: 

On July 28, 2016, the Company entered into securities
purchase agreements with Mr. Jiping Zhou and Mr. Dawei Li to issue and sell an aggregate of 2,206,640 shares of common stock of the Company,
at 2.5 per share, for an aggregate consideration of approximately 5.52 million. On August 17, 2016, the Company issued the foregoing
shares to the two investors. 

On February 17, 2017, we signed a letter of understanding
with each of eight individual investors, including our CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li, whereby these shareholders agreed in principle to subscribe
for new shares of our common stock totaling 10 million. The issue price was determined with reference to the market price prior to the
issuance of new shares. In January 2017, the shareholders paid us a total of 2.1 million as refundable earnest money, among which, Mr.
Yunfei Li agreed to subscribe new shares totaling 1.12 million and pay a refundable earnest money of 0.2 million. In April and May
2017, we received cash of 9.6 million from these shareholders. On May 31, 2017, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with
these investors, pursuant to which we agreed to issue an aggregate of 6,403,518 shares of common stock to these investors, at a purchase
price of 1.50 per share, for an aggregate price of 9.6 million, including 764,018 shares issued to Mr. Yunfei Li. On June 22, 2017,
we issued the shares to the investors. The issuance of the shares to the investors was made in reliance on the exemption provided by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. In 2019, according to the securities purchase agreement and agreed by the investors, we returned
partial earnest money of 966,579 (approximately RMB6.7 million) to these investors. 

On January 7, 2019, each of Mr. Dawei Li and
Mr. Yunfei Li entered into an agreement with CBAK Power and Tianjin New Energy whereby Tianjin New Energy assigned its rights to loans
to CBAK Power of approximately 3.4 million (RMB23,980,950) and 1.7 million (RMB11,647,890) (totaled 5.1 million, the First
Debt to Mr. Dawei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li, respectively. On the same date, the Company entered into a cancellation agreement with
Mr. Dawei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li. Pursuant to the terms of the cancellation agreement, Mr. Dawei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li agreed to cancel
the First Debt in exchange for 3,431,373 and 1,666,667 shares of common stock of the Company, respectively, at an exchange price of 1.02
per share. Upon receipt of the shares, the creditors released the Company from any claims, demands and other obligations relating to
the First Debt. 

On April 26, 2019, each of Mr. Jun Lang, Ms.
Jing Shi and Asia EVK Energy Auto Limited Asia EVK entered into an agreement with CBAK Power and Tianjin New Energy whereby
Tianjin New Energy assigned its rights to loans to CBAK Power of approximately 0.3 million (RMB2,225,082), 0.1 million (RMB 912,204)
and 5.2 million (RMB35,406,036) (collectively 5.7 million, the Second Debt to Mr. Jun Lang, Ms. Jing Shi and Asia EVK,
respectively. On the same date, the Company entered into a cancellation agreement with Mr. Jun Lang, Ms. Jing Shi and Asia EVK (the creditors).
Pursuant to the terms of the Cancellation Agreement, the creditors agreed to cancel the Second Debt in exchange for 300,534, 123,208
and 4,782,163 shares of common stock of the Company, respectively, at an exchange price of 1.1 per share. Upon receipt of the shares,
the creditors released the Company from any claims, demands and other obligations relating to the Second Debt. 

On June 28, 2019, each of Mr. Dawei Li and Mr.Yunfei
Li entered into an agreement with CBAK Power to loan approximately 1.4 million (RMB10,000,000) and 2.5 million (RMB18,000,000), respectively,
to CBAK Power for a terms of six months (collectively 3.9 million, the Third Debt ). The loan was unsecured, non-interest
bearing and repayable on demand. On July 16, 2019, each of Asia EVK and Mr. Yunfei Li entered into an agreement with CBAK Power and Dalian
Zhenghong Architectural Decoration and Installation Engineering Co. Ltd. (the Company s construction contractor) whereby Dalian
Zhenghong Architectural Decoration and Installation Engineering Co. Ltd. assigned its rights to the unpaid construction fees owed by
CBAK Power of approximately 2.8 million (RMB20,000,000) and 0.4 million (RMB2,813,810) (collectively 3.2 million, the Fourth
Debt to Asia EVK and Mr. Yunfei Li, respectively. On July 26, 2019, we entered into a cancellation agreement with Mr. Dawei Li,
Mr. Yunfei Li and Asia EVK (the creditors). Pursuant to the terms of the cancellation agreement, Mr. Dawei Li, Mr. Yunfei Li and Asia
EVK agreed to cancel the Third Debt and Fourth Debt in exchange for 1,384,717, 2,938,067 and 2,769,435 shares of common stock of the
Company, respectively, at an exchange price of 1.05 per share. Upon receipt of the shares, the creditors released the Company from any
claims, demands and other obligations relating to the Third Debt and Fourth Debt. 

40 

On October 10, 2019, each of Mr. Shibin Mao,
Ms. Lijuan Wang and Mr. Ping Shen entered into an agreement with CBAK Power and Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd. (the Company s
supplier) whereby Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd. assigned its rights to the unpaid inventories cost owed by CBAK Power of
approximately 2.1 million (RMB15,000,000), 1.0 million (RMB7,380,000) and 1.0 million (RMB7,380,000) (collectively 4.2 million, the
 Fifth Debt to Mr. Shibin Mao, Ms. Lijuan Wang and Mr. Ping Shen, respectively. 

On October 14, 2019, we entered into a cancellation
agreement with Mr. Shangdong Liu, Mr. Shibin Mao, Ms. Lijuan Wang and Mr. Ping Shen (the creditors). Pursuant to the terms of the cancellation
agreement, Mr. Shangdong Liu, Mr. Shibin Mao, Ms. Lijuan Wang and Mr. Ping Shen agreed to cancel and convert the Fifth Debt and the unpaid
earnest money in exchange for 528,053, 3,536,068, 2,267,798 and 2,267,798 shares of common stock of the Company, respectively, at an
exchange price of 0.6 per share. Upon receipt of the shares, the creditors released the Company from any claims, demands and other obligations
relating to the Fifth Debt and the unpaid earnest money. 

On April 27, 2020, we entered into a cancellation
agreement with Mr. Yunfei Li, Asia EVK and Mr. Ping Shen, who loaned an aggregate of approximately 4.3 million to CBAK Power (the Sixth
Debt ). Pursuant to the terms of the cancellation agreement, the creditors agreed to cancel the Sixth Debt in exchange for an aggregate
of 8,928,193 shares of common stock of the Company at an exchange price of 0.48 per share. According to the amount of loan, 2,062,619,
2,151,017 and 4,714,557 shares were issued to Mr. Yunfei Li, Asia EVK and Mr. Pin Shen, respectively. Upon receipt of the shares, the
creditors released the Company from any claims, demands and other obligations relating to the Sixth Debt. 

On July 24, 2019, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement with Atlas Sciences, LLC (the Lender ), pursuant to which we issued a promissory note (the Note
I to the Lender. The Note I has an original principal amount of 1,395,000, bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and will
mature 12 months after the issuance, unless earlier paid or redeemed in accordance with its terms. The Company received proceeds of 1,250,000
after an original issue discount of 125,000 and payment of Lender s expenses of 20,000. 

On December 30, 2019, we entered into a second
securities purchase agreement with Atlas Sciences, LLC, pursuant to which the Company issued a promissory note (the Note II to the Lender. The Note II has an original principal amount of 1,670,000, bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and will mature
12 months after the issuance, unless earlier paid or redeemed in accordance with its terms. We received proceeds of 1,500,000 after
an original issue discount of 150,000 and payment of Lender s expenses of 20,000. 

On January 27, 2020, we entered into an exchange
agreement (the First Exchange Agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which we and the Lender agreed to (i) partition a
new promissory note in the original principal amount equal to 100,000 (the Partitioned Promissory Note) from the outstanding
balance of certain promissory note that the Company issued to the Lender on July 24, 2019, which has an original principal amount of
 1,395,000, and (ii) exchange the Partitioned Promissory Note for the issuance of 160,256 shares of the Company s common stock,
par value 0.001 per share, to the Lender. 

On February 20, 2020, we entered into another
exchange agreement (the Second Exchange Agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which the Company and the Lender agreed
to (i) partition a new promissory note in the original principal amount equal to 100,000 (the Partitioned Promissory Note from the outstanding balance of certain promissory note that the Company issued to the Lender on July 24, 2019, which has an original
principal amount of 1,395,000, and (ii) exchange the Partitioned Promissory Note for the issuance of 207,641 shares of the Company s
common stock, par value 0.001 per share, to the Lender. 

On April 28, 2020, we entered into a third exchange
agreement (the Third Exchange Agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which the Company and the Lender agreed to (i) partition
a new promissory note in the original principal amount equal to 100,000 (the Partitioned Promissory Note from the outstanding
balance of certain promissory note that the Company issued to the Lender on July 24, 2019, which has an original principal amount of
 1,395,000, and (ii) exchange the Partitioned Promissory Note for the issuance of 312,500 shares of the Company s common stock,
par value 0.001 per share, to the Lender. 

41 

On June 8, 2020, we entered into a fourth exchange
agreement (the Fourth Exchange Agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which the Company and the Lender agreed to (i) partition
a new promissory note in the original principal amount equal to 100,000 from the outstanding balance of certain promissory note that
the Company issued to the Lender on July 24, 2019, which has an original principal amount of 1,395,000, and (ii) exchange the partitioned
promissory note for the issuance of 271,739 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share to the Lender. 

On June 10, 2020, we entered into a fifth exchange
agreement (the Fifth Exchange Agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which the Company and the Lender agreed to (i) partition
a new promissory note in the original principal amount equal to 150,000 from the outstanding balance of certain promissory note that
the Company issued to the Lender on July 24, 2019, which has an original principal amount of 1,395,000, and (ii) exchange the partitioned
promissory note for the issuance of 407,609 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share to the Lender. 

On July 6, 2020, we entered into a sixth exchange
agreement (the Sixth Exchange Agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which the Company and the Lender agreed to (i) partition
a new promissory note in the original principal amount equal to 250,000 from the outstanding balance of certain promissory note that
the Company issued to the Lender on July 24, 2019, which has an original principal amount of 1,395,000, and (ii) exchange the partitioned
promissory note for the issuance of 461,595 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share to the Lender. 

On July 8, 2020, we entered into certain exchange
agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which the Company and the Lender agreed to (i) partition a new promissory note in the original
principal amount equal to 250,000 from the outstanding balance of certain promissory note that the Company issued to the Lender on December
30, 2019, which has an original principal amount of 1,670,000, and (ii) exchange the partitioned promissory note for the issuance of
453,161 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share to the Lender. 

On July 29, 2020, we entered into a seventh exchange
agreement (the Seventh Exchange Agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which the Company and the Lender agreed to (i)
partition a new promissory note in the original principal amount equal to 365,000 from the outstanding balance of certain promissory
note that the Company issued to the Lender on July 24, 2019, which has an original principal amount of 1,395,000, and (ii) exchange
the partitioned promissory note for the issuance of 576,802 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share to
the Lender. 

On October 12, 2020, we entered into an amendment
to promissory notes (the Amendment with the Lender, pursuant to which the Lender has the right at any time until the outstanding
balance of the notes has been paid in full, at its election, to convert all or any portion of the outstanding balance of the notes into
shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion price for each conversion will be calculated pursuant to the following formula:
80 multiplied by the lowest closing price of the Company common stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the applicable
conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the conversion price be less than 1.00. 

According to the Amendment, on October 13, 2020,
we exchanged part of the outstanding balances of the notes for the issuance of 709,329 shares of the Company s common stock, par
value 0.001 per share to the Lender. 

On October 20, 2020, the Company exchanged the
remaining balance of 778,252 under the notes for the issuance of 329,768 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share to the Lender. 

On November 5, 2020, Tillicum Investment Company
Limited entered into an agreement with CBAK Nanjing and Shenzhen ESTAR Industrial Company Limited (the Company s equipment supplier)
whereby Shenzhen ESTAR Industrial Company Limited assigned its rights to the unpaid equipment cost owed by CBAK Power of approximately
 11.17 million (RMB75,000,000) (the Seventh Debt to Tillicum Investment Company Limited. 

42 

On November 11, 2020, we entered into a cancellation
agreement with Tillicum Investment Company Limited. Pursuant to the terms of the cancellation agreement, Tillicum Investment Company
Limited agreed to cancel the Seventh Debt in exchange for 3,192,291 shares of common stock of the Company, at an exchange price of 3.5
per share. Upon receipt of the shares, the creditor released the Company from any claims, demands and other obligations relating to the
Seventh Debt. 

On December 8, 2020, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which we issued in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of
9,489,800 shares of common stock of the Company at a per share purchase price of 5.18, and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,795,920
shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 6.46 per share exercisable for 36 months from the date of issuance, for
gross proceeds of approximately 49.16 million, before deducting fees to the placement agent and other offering expenses payable by the
Company. 

On February 8, 2021, we entered into another
securities purchase agreement with the same investors, pursuant to which we issued in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of
8,939,976 shares of common stock of the Company at a per share purchase price of 7.83. In addition, we issued to the investors (i)
in a concurrent private placement, the Series A-1 warrants to purchase a total of 4,469,988 shares of common stock, at a per share
exercise price of 7.67 and exercisable for 42 months from the date of issuance; (ii) in the registered direct offering, the Series
B warrants to purchase a total of 4,469,988 shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 7.83 and exercisable for 90
days from the date of issuance; and (iii) in the registered direct offering, the Series A-2 warrants to purchase up to 2,234,992
shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 7.67 and exercisable for 45 months from the date of issuance. We received
gross proceeds of approximately 70 million from the registered direct offering and the concurrent private placement, before
deducting fees to the placement agent and other offering expenses payable by the Company. 

On May 10, 2021, we entered into that Amendment
No. 1 to the Series B Warrant (the Series B Warrant Amendment with each of the holders of the Company s outstanding
Series B warrants. Pursuant to the Series B Warrant Amendment, the term of the Series B warrants was extended from May 11, 2021 to August
31, 2021. 

As of August 31, 2021, we had not received any notices from
the investors to exercise Series B warrants. As of the date of this report, Series B warrants, along with Series A-2 warrants, had both
expired. 

We
currently are expanding our product lines and manufacturing capacity in our Dalian and Nanjing plants, which require more funding to
finance the expansion. We may also require additional cash due to changing business conditions or other future developments, including
any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. We plan to renew our bank loans upon maturity, if required, and plan to raise
additional funds through bank borrowings and equity financing in the future to meet our daily cash demands, if required. However, there
can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining such financing. If our existing cash and bank borrowing are insufficient
to meet our requirements, we may seek to sell equity securities, debt securities or borrow from lending institutions. We can make no
assurance that financing will be available in the amounts we need or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. The sale of equity securities,
including convertible debt securities, would dilute the interests of our current shareholders. The incurrence of debt would divert cash
for working capital and capital expenditures to service debt obligations and could result in operating and financial covenants that restrict
our operations and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. If we are unable to obtain additional equity or debt financing as
required, our business operations and prospects may suffer. 

The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

(All amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2021 

2022 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(4,270) 

15, 115 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(38,081) 

(7,928) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

48,272 

5,611 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(238) 

(1,797) 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

5,683 

11,001 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the year 

20,672 

26,355 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the year 

26,355 

37,356 

43 

Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities was 15.1 million in the
year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash used in operating activities of 4.3 million in 2021. The net cash provided by operating
activities in 2022 was mainly attributable to our net income of 6.9 million (before loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment,
impairment charge of long-lived assets, impairment charge of goodwill and excluding non-cash depreciation and amortization, write-down
of inventories, share-based compensation and changes in fair value of warrants liability), a decrease of trade and bills receivable of
 21.0 million, decrease of prepayments and other receivables of 7.1 million, increase of trade and bills payable by 7.6 million offset
by increase of inventories of 24.0 million and increase of trade receivable from BAK Shenzhen of 3.5 million. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 4.3
million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The net cash used in operating activities in 2021 was mainly attributable to our net profit
(before loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, impairment charge of non-marketable equity securities and excluding non-cash
depreciation and amortization, write-down of inventories, share-based compensation and changes in fair value of warrants liability) of
 4.6 million offset by a decrease of uncertain tax position of 7.5 million. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities decreased
to 7.9 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, from 38.1 million in 2021. In 2022, the primary uses of net cash for investing
activities were purchases of property, plant and equipment, and construction in progress, totaling 12.4 million offset by 4.5 million
cash receipt from disposal of equity interest of Hitrans. 

Net cash used in investing activities was 38.1
million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. In 2021, net cash used in investing activities comprised 17.8 million for acquiring
Hitrans (net of cash acquired), 1.4 million for purchasing non-marketable securities and 19.2 million for the acquisition of property,
plant and equipment and in-progress construction projects. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 5.6 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 48.3 million in 2021. The net cash provided by financing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022 mainly comprised of 21.6 million bank borrowings, 1.5 million from non-controlling interests injections,
 1.5 million from finance leases, partially offset by repayment of bank borrowings of 14.6 million, and 3.7 million in repayment of
loans to Mr. Ye Junnan. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 48.3 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. In 2021, net cash provided by financing activities mainly comprised 65.5 million
in net proceeds from issuance of shares to institutional investors, partially offset by the repayment of bank borrowings of 13.9 million,
 2.8 million in loans repaid to Mr. Ye Junnan and repayment of borrowings from unrelated parties of 0.4 million. 

As of December 31, 2022, the principal amounts outstanding under our
credit facilities and lines of credit were as follows: 

(All amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

Maximum 
 amount 
 available 
 Amount 
 borrowed 
 
 Long-term credit facilities: 

Shaoxing Branch of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd 
 14,300 
 8,540 
 
 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited 
 1,737 
 1,447 
 
 China CITIC Bank 
 724 
 - 

16,761 
 9,987 
 
 Short-term credit facilities: 

China CITIC Bank 
 724 
 724 
 
 Jiangsu Gaochun Rural Commercial Bank 
 2,750 
 2,750 
 
 Agricultural Bank of China 
 1,447 
 1,447 

4,921 
 4,921 
 
 Other lines of credit: 

Shaoxing Branch of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd 
 3,167 
 3,167 
 
 Agricultural Bank of China 
 4,114 
 4,114 
 
 Jiangsu Gaochun Rural Commercial Bank 
 969 
 969 
 
 Bank of Ningbo Nanjing Gaochun Branch 
 2,296 
 2,296 
 
 China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd 
 10,475 
 10,475 
 
 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd, Dalian Development Zone Branch 
 13,954 
 13,954 

34,975 
 34,975 
 
 Total 
 56,657 
 49,883 

44 

Capital Expenditures 

We incurred capital expenditures of 19.2 million
and 12.4 million in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our capital expenditures in 2022 were primarily
allocated to the construction of our Dalian and Nanjing facilities. The table below sets forth the breakdown of our capital expenditures
by use for the periods indicated. 

(All amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2021 
 2022 
 
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment and construction in progress 
 19,212 
 12,373 

We
estimate that our total capital expenditures in fiscal year 2023 will reach approximately 80 million. Such funds will be used to construct
new plants with new production lines and battery module packing lines. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our consolidated financial information has been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect (1) the reported amounts
of our assets and liabilities, (2) the disclosure of our contingent assets and liabilities at the end of each fiscal period and (3) the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each fiscal period. We continually evaluate these estimates based on our own historical
experience, knowledge and assessment of current business and other conditions, our expectations regarding the future based on available
information and reasonable assumptions, which together form our basis for making judgments about matters that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, our actual results could
differ from those estimates. Some of our accounting policies require a higher degree of judgment than others in their application. 

When reviewing our financial statements, the
following should also be considered: (1) our selection of critical accounting policies, (2) the judgment and other uncertainties affecting
the application of those policies, and (3) the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and assumptions. We believe the
following accounting policies involve the most significant judgment and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

We consider the following to be the most critical accounting policies: 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenues when our customer obtains
control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which it expects to receive in exchange for those
goods. We recognize revenues following the five step model prescribed under ASU No. 2014-09: (i) identify contract(s) with a customer;
(ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price
to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenues when (or as) we satisfy the performance obligation. 

45 

Revenues from product sales are recognized
when the customer obtains control of our product, which occurs at a point in time, typically upon delivery to the customer. We expense
incremental costs of obtaining a contract as and when incurred if the expected amortization period of the asset that it would have recognized
is one year or less or the amount is immaterial. 

Revenues from product sales are recorded net
of reserves established for applicable discounts and allowances that are offered within contracts with our customers. 

Product revenue reserves, which are classified
as a reduction in product revenues, are generally characterized in the categories: discounts and returns. These reserves are based on
estimates of the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales and are classified as reductions of accounts receivable as the
amount is payable to our customer. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets 

Long-lived assets, which include property,
plant and equipment, prepaid land use rights, leased assets and intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held
and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be
generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge
is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. 

Trade and Bills Receivable 

Trade and bills receivable are recorded at the
invoiced amount, net of allowances for doubtful accounts and sales returns. The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate
of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing trade receivable. We determine the allowance based on historical write-off experience,
customer specific facts and economic conditions. 

Outstanding trade receivable balances are reviewed
individually for collectability. Trade balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted
and the potential for recovery is considered remote. 

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or
net realizable value. The cost of inventories is determined using the weighted average cost method, and includes expenditure incurred
in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their existing location and condition. In case of finished goods and work in progress,
cost includes an appropriate share of production overhead based on normal operating capacity. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. 

We record adjustments to its inventory for estimated
obsolescence or diminution in net realizable value equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated net realizable
value. At the point of loss recognition, a new cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances
do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. 

Warranties 

We provide a manufacturer s warranty on
all our products. We accrue a warranty reserve for the products sold, which includes our best estimate of the projected costs to repair
or replace items under warranty. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency
and costs of future claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain given our relatively short history of sales of our current products,
and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the warranty reserve in the future. The
portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included within accrued liabilities and other while
the remaining balance is included within other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

46 

Government Grants 

Our subsidiaries in China receive government subsidies from local Chinese
government agencies in accordance with relevant Chinese government policies. In general, we present the government subsidies received
as part of income unless the subsidies received are earmarked to compensate a specific expense, which have been accounted for by offsetting
the specific expense, such as research and development expense, interest expenses and removal costs. Unearned government subsidies received
are deferred for recognition until the criteria for such recognition could be met. 

Grants applicable to land are amortized over
the life of the depreciable facilities constructed on it. For research and development expenses, we match and offset the government grants
with the expenses of the research and development activities as specified in the grant approval document in the corresponding period
when such expenses are incurred. 

Share-based Compensation 

We adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 which
requires us to measure and recognize compensation expenses for an award of an equity instrument based on the grant-date fair value. The
cost is recognized over the vesting period (or the requisite service period). ASC Topic 718 also requires us to measure the cost of a
liability classified award based on its current fair value. The fair value of the award will be remeasured subsequently at each reporting
date through the settlement date. Changes in fair value during the requisite service period are recognized as compensation cost over
that period. Further, ASC Topic 718 requires us to estimate forfeitures in calculating the expense related to stock-based compensation. 

The fair value of each option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes Option Valuation Model. The expected volatility was based on the historical volatilities
of our listed common stocks in the United States and other relevant market information. We use historical data to estimate share option
exercises and employee departure behavior used in the valuation model. The expected terms of share options granted is derived from the
output of the option pricing model and represents the period of time that share options granted are expected to be outstanding. Since
the share options once exercised will primarily trade in the U.S. capital market, the risk-free rate for periods within the contractual
term of the share option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

Warrant Liability 

For warrants that are not indexed to the Company s
stock, the Company records the fair value of the issued warrants as a liability at each balance sheet date and records changes in the
estimated fair value as a non-cash gain or loss in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. The warrant liability
is recognized in the balance sheet at the fair value (level 3). The fair value of these warrants has been determined using the Binomial
model. 

Changes in Accounting Standards 

Please refer to note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Practices Recently Adopted Accounting Standards, 
for a discussion of relevant pronouncements. 

Exchange Rates 

The financial records of our PRC subsidiaries
are maintained in RMB. In order to prepare our financial statements, we have translated amounts in RMB into amounts in U.S. dollars.
The amounts of our assets and liabilities on our balance sheets are translated using the closing exchange rate as of the date of the
balance sheet. Revenues, expenses, gains and losses are translated using the average exchange rate prevailing during the period covered
by such financial statements. Adjustments resulting from the translation, if any, are included in our cumulative other comprehensive
income in our stockholders equity section of our balance sheet. All other amounts that were originally booked in RMB and translated
into U.S. dollars were translated using the closing exchange rate on the date of recognition. Consequently, the exchange rates at which
the amounts in those comparisons were computed varied from year to year. 

The exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into U.S. dollars
in connection with the preparation of our financial statements were as follows: 

RMB per U.S. Dollar 

Fiscal Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2021 
 2022 
 
 Balance sheet items, except for equity accounts 
 6.3551 
 6.9091 
 
 Amounts included in the statement of income and comprehensive loss and statement of cash flows 
 6.4525 
 6.7264 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK. 

Not applicable. 

47 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CBAK ENERGY TECHNOLOGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 

CBAK ENERGY TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

AND SUBSIDIARIES 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Contents Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-9 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 - F-61 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has accumulated deficit from recurring net losses and significant short-term debt obligations maturing in less than one year
as of December 31, 2022. All these factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Going concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has accumulated deficit from recurring net losses and significant short-term debt obligations maturing in less than one year
as of December 31, 2022. The Company has contractual obligations such as commitments for purchases of equipment, building constructions
cost, payable, capital injection to subsidiaries and short-term loan (collectively obligations ). Currently management s
forecasts and related assumptions illustrate their ability to meet the obligations through management of expenditures and, if necessary,
obtaining additional debt financing, loans from existing directors and shareholders and private placements of capital stock for additional
funding to meet its operating needs. Should there be constraints on the ability to access such financing, the Company can manage cash
outflows to meet the obligations through reductions in capital expenditures and other operating expenditures. 

We identified management s assessment of
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter. Management made judgments to conclude that it is
probable that the Company s plans will be effectively implemented and will provide the necessary cash flows to fund the Company s
obligations as they become due. Specifically, the judgments with the highest degree of impact and subjectivity in determining it is probable
that the Company s plans will be effectively implemented included the revenue growth and gross margin assumptions underlying its
forecast operating cash flows, its ability to reduce capital expenditures and other operating expenditures, its ability to access funding
from the capital market and its ability to obtaining loans from existing directors and shareholders. Auditing the judgments made by management
required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included the following, among others: (i) testing key assumptions underlying management s forecast operating cash flows, including
revenue growth and gross margin assumptions; (ii) evaluating the probability that the Company will be able to access funding from the
capital market; (iii) evaluating the probability that the Company will be able to reduce capital expenditures and other operating expenditures
if required and (iv) evaluating the probability that the Company will be able to obtain the loan from existing directors and shareholders. 

Inventory write-down 

As described in Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements, inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a weighted average cost method. Write-down of potential
obsolete or slow moving inventories is recorded based on management s assumptions about future demands and market conditions. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded inventory write-down of 1.7 million. Inventories include items that have been
written down to the Company s best estimate of their realizable value, which includes consideration of various factors. 

We identified the inventory write-down as a critical
audit matter. The Company s determination of future markdowns is subjective. Specifically, there was a high degree of subjective
auditor judgment in evaluating how the Company s merchandising strategy and related inventory markdown assumptions affected the
realizable value of inventory. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included the following, among others: (i) observing the physical condition of inventories during inventory counts; (ii) evaluating the
appropriateness of management's process for developing the estimates of net realizable value; (iii) testing the reasonableness of the
assumptions about quality, damages, future demand, selling prices and market conditions by considering with historical trends and consistency
with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit; and corroborating the assumptions with individuals within the product team; and (iv)
assessing the Company s adjustments of inventory costs to net realizable value for slow-moving and obsolete inventories by (1) comparing
the historical estimate for net realizable value adjustments to actual adjustments of inventory costs, and (2) analyzing sales subsequent
to the measurement date. 

F- 3 

Assessment of impairment of long-lived assets 

As discussed in Note 2 (l) and Note 7 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of these assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the
carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount
of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Fair value is generally measured based on either quoted market prices, if available,
or discounted cash flow analyses. Based upon the analysis performed, the Company recognized impairment losses for long-lived assets of
 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We identified the assessment of impairment of
long-lived assets as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management used in the projections of
future cash flows, including the expected production and sales volumes, production costs, operating expenses and discount rates applied
to these forecasted future cash flows. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required
a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included the following, among others: (i) comparing the methodology used by the Company, that is, recoverable amount calculations based
on future discounted cash flows, to industry practice and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the projections;
(ii) assessing the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used in the calculations, which comprised of, amongst others, expected
production and sales volumes, production costs, operating expenses and discount rates, by comparing them to external industry outlook
reports from a number of sources and by analyzing the historical accuracy of management s estimates; and (iii) involving our valuation
specialists to assist us with assessing the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and the reasonableness of assumptions used,
including the discount rates. 

Assessment of impairment of goodwill 

As described in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company s consolidated goodwill balance was nil as of December 31, 2022. The Company performs an assessment of the carrying value
of the reporting units at least on an annual basis or when events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce
the estimated fair value of the reporting units below its carrying value. The Company performed a goodwill impairment analysis as of December
31, 2022. For purposes of impairment testing, management allocates its goodwill to the relevant reporting unit, and compares the recoverable
amounts of these reporting unit to their respective carrying amounts. Management determined the recoverable amounts of these reporting
unit based on the value in use VIU which is calculated based on discounted cash flows expected to be derived from the
respective reporting unit. Management s cash flows projections included significant judgments and assumptions relating to the expected
production and sales volumes, production costs, operating expenses and discount rates. Based upon the analysis performed, the Company
recognized impairment losses for goodwill of 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We identified the assessment of impairment of
goodwill as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management used in the projections of future
cash flows, including the expected production and sales volumes, production costs, operating expenses and discount rates applied to these
forecasted future cash flows. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required a
high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included the following, among others: (i) comparing the methodology used by the Company, that is, recoverable amount calculations based
on future discounted cash flows, to industry practice and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the projections;
(ii) assessing the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used in the calculations, which comprised of, amongst others, expected
production and sales volumes, production costs, operating expenses and discount rates, by comparing them to external industry outlook
reports from a number of sources and by analyzing the historical accuracy of management s estimates; and (iii) involving our valuation
specialists to assist us with assessing the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and the reasonableness of assumptions used,
including the discount rates. 

F- 4 

Assessment of allowances for doubtful accounts 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company s
existing trade accounts receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience, customer specific facts
and economic conditions. Outstanding accounts receivable balances are reviewed individually for collectability. Account balances are charged
off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Based
upon the analysis performed, the Company maintained an allowance for doubtful account of 2.3 million as of December 31, 2022. 

We identified the assessment of allowances for
doubtful accounts as a critical audit matter. Specifically, the specific allowance is an estimate that involved assessing the likelihood
of collection of a customer s accounts receivable by considering various factors such as the nature of any dispute, communications
from the customer, historical collections, and number of days accounts receivables have been outstanding. Subjective auditor judgment
was involved in evaluating the relevance and reliability of the evidence obtained in evaluating these factors. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included the following, among others: (i) investigating significant fluctuations in the specific allowance as compared to net accounts
receivable and the prior year specific allowance; (ii) inquiring of Company personnel to evaluate the rationale for establishing a specific
allowance for certain customers; (iii) assessing the Company s estimate of the specific customer allowance by evaluating the underlying
contractual documents, historical collection trends, communications with customers and other additional factors; and (iv) evaluating subsequent
collections occurring after the balance sheet date and considered the impact of potential subsequent events on the estimate of the specific
allowance. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2016. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 5 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of December 31, 2021 and 2022 

(In US except for number of shares) 

Note 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Pledged deposits 
 3 

Trade and bills receivable, net 
 4 

Inventories 
 5 

Prepayments and other receivables 
 6 

Receivables from former subsidiary 
 17 

Amount due from non-controlling interest, current 
 17 
 
 -

Amount due from related party, current 
 17 
 
 -

Income tax recoverable 

Investment in sales-type lease, net 
 10 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 
 7 

Construction in progress 
 8 

Long-term investments, net 
 9 

Prepaid land use rights 
 10 

Intangible assets, net 
 11 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Investment in sales-type lease, net 
 10 
 
 -

Amount due from non-controlling interest, non-current 
 17 
 
 -

Deferred tax assets, net 
 20 

Goodwill 
 13 
 
 -

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Trade and bills payable 
 14 

Short-term bank borrowings 
 15 

Other short-term loans 
 15 

Accrued expenses and other payables 
 16 

Payable to a former subsidiary, net 
 17 

Deferred government grants, current 
 18 

Product warranty provisions 
 19 

Warrants liability 
 26 

Operating lease liability, current 
 10 

Finance lease liability, current 
 10 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Deferred government grants, non-current 
 18 

Product warranty provisions 
 19 

Operating lease liability, non-current 
 10 

Accrued expenses and other payables, non-current 
 16 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 27 

Shareholders equity 

Common stock par value; authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021; and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Donated shares 

Additional paid-in capital 

Statutory reserves 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Less: Treasury shares 

Total shareholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income (Loss) 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

(In US except for number of shares) 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

Note 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Net revenues 
 29 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment charge on long-lived assets 
 7 
 -

Impairment charge on goodwill 
 13 
 -

Recovery of (provision for) doubtful accounts 
 4 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Finance income, net 

Other income (expenses), net 

Impairment of non-marketable equity securities 

-

Changes in fair value of warrants liability 

Income (loss) before income tax 

Income tax credit, net 
 20 

Net income (loss) 

Less: Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Less: Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. 

Income (Loss) per share 
 25 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock: 
 25 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders 
Equity 

For the years ended 2021 and 2022 

(In US except for number of shares) 

Common
 stock issued 
 
 Additional 
 Statutory 
 
 Accumulated
 other 
 Non- 
 Treasury
 shares 
 Total 

Number 
 
 Donated 
 paid-in 
 reserves 
 Accumulated 
 comprehensive 
 controlling 
 Number 
 
 shareholders 

of shares 
 Amount 
 shares 
 capital 
 (Note 21) 
 deficit 
 loss 
 interests 
 of shares 
 Amount 
 equity 

Balance
 as of January 1, 2021 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Share-based compensation for employee
 and director stock awards 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued to employees
 and directors for stock award 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock and warrants 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Non controlling interest through
 acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency
 translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Balance as
 of December 31, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Share-based compensation for employee
 and director stock awards 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued to employees
 and directors for stock award 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Capital injection 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Disposal of partial interest in a subsidiary without
 losing control 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as
 of December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 8 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. and subsidiaries 

Consolidated statements of cash flows 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

(In US 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

(Recovery of) provision for doubtful accounts and bad debts written off 

Write-down of inventories 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in fair value of warrants liability 

Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

Impairment charge on long-lived assets 
 -

Impairment charge on goodwill 
 -

Impairment charge on non-marketable equity securities 
 
 -

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade and bills receivable 

Inventories 

Prepayments and other receivables 

Investment in sales-type lease 

Trade and bills payable 

Accrued expenses and other payables and product warranty provisions 

Lease liabilities 

Trade receivable from and payables to a former subsidiary 

Income tax payables 

Deferred tax assets 

Government grants 
 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of non-marketable equity securities 
 
 -

Purchases of property, plant and equipment and construction in progress 

Proceed from acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash acquired 
 
 -

Redemption of debt products 
 
 -

Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
 -

Investment in equity method investment 
 -

Cash receipt from disposal of equity interest of a subsidiary without losing control 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from bank borrowings 
 -

Repayment of bank borrowings 

Repayment of borrowings from unrelated parties 
 
 -

Borrowings from related parties 
 -

Repayment of borrowings from related parties 

Repayment of borrowings from shareholders 

Proceeds from issuance of shares 
 
 -

Repayment of borrowings from Mr. Ye Junnan 
 -

Capital injection from non-controlling interests 
 -

Proceeds from finance leases 
 -

Principal payments on finance leases 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of year 

Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Transfer of construction in progress to property, plant and equipment 

Non-cash payment for purchases of property, plant and equipment and construction in progress by new vehicles 
 
 -

Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income taxes 

Interest, net of amounts capitalized 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 9 

CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. and subsidiaries 

Notes to the consolidated financial statements 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

(In US except for number of shares) 

shares of common stock for gross proceeds of . In conjunction with this financing, Mr.
Xiangqian Li, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company Mr. Li until March 1, 2016, agreed to place 
shares of the Company s common stock owned by him into an escrow account pursuant to an Escrow Agreement dated January 20, 2005
(the Escrow Agreement ). Pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, of the escrowed shares were to be released to the investors
in the private placement if audited net income of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 was not at least ,
and the remaining was to be released to investors in the private placement if audited net income of the Company for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2006 was not at least . 

F- 10 

escrow shares relating to the
2005 performance threshold were previously released to Mr. Li, Mr. Li executed a further undertaking on August 21, 2006 to return those
shares to the escrow agent for the distribution to the relevant investors. However, such shares were not returned to the escrow agent,
but, pursuant to a Delivery of Make Good Shares, Settlement and Release Agreement between the Company, BAK International and Mr. Li entered
into on October 22, 2007 (the Li Settlement Agreement ), such shares were ultimately delivered to the Company as described
below. Because the Company failed to satisfy the performance threshold for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006, the remaining 
escrow shares relating to the fiscal year 2006 performance threshold were released to the relevant investors. 

respectively, as set out in the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity. 

shares related to the 2005 performance threshold to BAK International pursuant to the Li Settlement Agreement; BAK International in turn
delivered the shares to the Company. Such shares (other than those issued to investors pursuant to the 2008 Settlement Agreements, as
described below) are now held by the Company. Upon receipt of these shares, the Company and BAK International released all claims and
causes of action against Mr. Li regarding the shares, and Mr. Li released all claims and causes of action against the Company and BAK
International regarding the shares. Under the terms of the Li Settlement Agreement, the Company commenced negotiations with the investors
who participated in the Company s January 2005 private placement in order to achieve a complete settlement of BAK International s
obligations (and the Company s obligations to the extent it has any) under the applicable agreements with such investors. 

of the number of the
escrow shares related to the 2005 performance threshold these investors had claimed; aggregate settlement payments as of June 30, 2015amounted
to shares. Share payments to date have been made in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided by Section 4(2) and/or
other applicable provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In accordance with the 2008 Settlement Agreements, the Company
filed a registration statement covering the resale of such shares which was declared effective by the SEC on June 26, 2008. 

F- 11 

escrow shares relating to the fiscal year 2006 performance threshold to
the relevant investors, neither Mr. Li or the Company have any obligations to the investors who participated in the Company s January
2005 private placement relating to the escrow shares. 

shares
related to the 2006 performance threshold to the relevant investors in fiscal year 2007 and the Company also have transferred 
shares relating to the 2005 performance threshold to the investors who had entered the 2008 Settlement Agreements with
us in fiscal year 2008, pursuant to Li Settlement Agreement and 2008 Settlement Agreements , neither Mr. Li
nor the Company had any remaining obligations to those related investors who participated in the Company s January 2005 private
placement relating to the escrow shares. 

. Pursuant to CBAK Trading s articles of association and relevant PRC regulations, BAK Asia was required to contribute
the capital to CBAK Trading on or before August 14, 2015. On March 7, 2017, the name of Dalian BAK Trading Co., Ltd was changed to Dalian
CBAK Trading Co., Ltd CBAK Trading ). On August 5, 2019, CBAK Trading s registered capital was increased to .
Pursuant to CBAK Trading s amendment articles of association and relevant PRC regulations, BAK Asia was required to contribute
the capital to CBAK Trading on or before August 1, 2033. Up to the date of this report, the Company has contributed to CBAK
Trading in cash. 

. Pursuant to CBAK Power s
articles of association and relevant PRC regulations, BAK Asia was required to contribute the capital to CBAK Power on or before December
27, 2015. On March 7, 2017, the name of Dalian BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd was changed to Dalian CBAK Power Battery Co., Ltd CBAK
Power ). On July 10, 2018, CBAK Power s registered capital was increased to . On October 29, 2019, CBAK Power s
registered capital was further increased to . Pursuant to CBAK Power s amendment articles of association and relevant
PRC regulations, BAK Asia was required to contribute the capital to CBAK Power on or before December 31, 2021. Up to the date of this
report, the Company has contributed to CBAK Power through injection of a series of patents and cash. 

owned subsidiary of CBAK Power with a registered capital of RMB (approximately
 million). The remaining equity interest was held by certain employees of CBAK Suzhou. Pursuant to CBAK Suzhou s articles
of association, each shareholder is entitled to the right of the profit distribution or responsible for the loss according to its proportion
to the capital contribution. Pursuant to CBAK Suzhou s articles of association and relevant PRC regulations, CBAK Power was required
to contribute the capital to CBAK Suzhou on or before December 31, 2019. Up to the date of this report, the Company has contributed RMB 
million (approximately million), and the other shareholders have contributed RMB million (approximately million) to CBAK
Suzhou through injection of a series of cash. CBAK Suzhou is dormant as of December 31, 2022. 

.
Pursuant to CBAK Energy s articles of association and relevant PRC regulations, BAK Asia was required to contribute the capital
to CBAK Energy on or before November 20, 2022, the Company has extended the paid up time to January 31, 2054. Up to the date of this
report, the Company has contributed to CBAK Energy. 

F- 12 

. BAK Asia Investments Limited is a holding company without any other business operations. 

.
Pursuant to CBAK Nanjing s articles of association and relevant PRC regulations, BAK Investments was required to contribute the
capital to CBAK Nanjing on or before July 29, 2040. Up to the date of this report, the Company has contributed to CBAK Nanjing. 

(approximately million). Pursuant to Nanjing CBAK s articles of association and relevant PRC regulations, CBAK Nanjing was
required to contribute the capital to Nanjing CBAK on or before August 5, 2040. Up to the date of this report, the Company has contributed
RMB (approximately million) to Nanjing CBAK. 

(approximately million). Up to the date of this report, the Company has contributed RMB (approximately
 million) to Nanjing Daxin. On March 6, 2023, Nanjing Daxin changed its name to Nanjing BFD Energy Technology Co., Ltd. 

million (RMB to acquire of the equity interests of DJY. CBAK Power has appointed one
director to the Board of Directors of DJY. DJY is an unrelated third party of the Company engaging in researching and manufacturing of
raw materials and equipment. 

(approximately million). Pursuant to Jiangsu Daxin s articles of association and relevant PRC regulations,
Nanjing Daxin was required to contribute the capital to Jiangsu Daxin on or before July 30, 2061. Up to the date of this report the Company
has contributed RMB million (approximately million) to Jiangsu Daxin. 

of registered
equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans (the Acquisition ). The Acquisition was completed on
November 26, 2021 (Note 12). After the completion of the Acquisition, Hitrans became a registered equity interests (representing
 of paid up capital) owned subsidiary of the Company. 

million to RMB million (approximately million) and to accept an investment of RMB million (approximately million) from Shaoxing
Haiji Enterprise Management Consulting Partnership Shaoxing Haiji and an investment of RMB million (approximately
 million) from Mr. Haijun Wu (collectively management shareholder ). Under the resolution, of the investment injection
(RMB million or million) will be contributed towards Hitrans s registered capital and the remaining (RMB million or
 million) will be treated as additional paid-in capital contribution of Hitrans. of the investments from the management shareholder
were required to be in place before August 15, 2022, of the investments were required to be in place before December 31, 2022 and
the balance (RMB million) were required to be received June 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, RMB million (approximately 
million), representing the of the investments were received. 

F- 13 

of Hitrans equity interests for a total consideration
of RMB (approximately million). The transaction was completed on December 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, CBAK Power s
equity interests in Hitrans was and representing of paid up capital. 

Guangdong Hitrans
is dormant as of December 31, 2022. 

registered equity interests (representing 69.12 of paid-up
capital) owned limited liability company established on December 16, 2015 in the PRC; (xii) Guangdong Meidu Hitrans Resources
Recycling Technology Co., Ltd., a owned limited liability company established on July 6, 2018 in the PRC by Hitrans and (xiii) Shaoxing
Haisheng International Trading Co., Ltd. Haisheng ), a wholly owned limited liability company by Hitrans established on
October 9, 2021 in the PRC. 

F- 14 

million bank loans and approximately million of other current liabilities (excluding warrants derivative liability). 

F- 15 

and respectively, which have been classified as cash and cash equivalents
in the consolidated balance sheets. 

million and million as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 16 

years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvement 

Office equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 
 years 

F- 17 

to years. Land use rights acquired are assessed in accordance with ASC 842 if they meet the definition of
lease. 

F- 18 

Income statement and cash flows 

Income statement and cash flows 

- years 
 
 Sewage discharge permit 
 
 - years 

F- 19 

Development fees collected/ deposits received 

Development and sales of batteries revenue recognized 
 - 
 -

Exchange realignment 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Balance at end of year 

F- 20 

likelihood of being sustained. Interest
and penalties on income taxes will be classified as a component of the provisions for income taxes. 

-

Decrease in unrecognized tax benefits taken in current period 
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 21 

(RMB and
 (RMB for the years ended December 31, 2021
and 2022, respectively. 

F- 22 

F- 23 

Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Bills receivable 

and as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. Retention receivables are interest-free and recoverable either
at the end of the retention period of three to five years since the sales of the EV batteries or 200,000 km since the sales of the motor
vehicles (whichever comes first). 

Provision for the year 

Reversal - recoveries by cash 

Charged to consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) 

Written off 
 -

Foreign exchange adjustment 

Balance at end of year 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

and , respectively, were charged to cost of revenues. 

F- 24 

Prepayments to suppliers 

Deposits 

Staff advances 

Prepaid operating expenses 

Receivables from sales of vehicles (note 10) 
 -

Others 

Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Leasehold improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Office equipment 

Motor vehicles 

Impairment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Carrying amount 

and , respectively. 

and as of December 31, 2021 and
2022, respectively. The Company built its facilities on the land for which it had already obtained the related land use right. The Company
has submitted applications to the Chinese government for the ownership certificates on the completed buildings located on these lands.
However, the application process takes longer than the Company expected and it has not obtained the certificates as of the date of this
report. However, since the Company has obtained the land use right in relation to the land, the management believe the Company has legal
title to the buildings thereon albeit the lack of ownership certificates. 

, respectively. The impairment
charge represented the excess of carrying amounts of the Company s property, plant and equipment over the estimated fair value of
the Company s production facilities in Hitrans primarily for the production of materials used in manufacturing of lithium batteries
due to underperformance of Hitrans reporting unit. No impairment charge was recorded on the Company s production facilities in Dalian
and Nanjing in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 

F- 25 

Prepayment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment 

Carrying amount 

and , respectively, to the cost of construction in progress. 

Investments in non-marketable equity 

Income from investment 

- 

Foreign exchange adjustment 

() 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

, and equity interests and voting rights, respectively.
Guangxi Guiwu engages in the business of recycling power batteries. The Company applies the equity method of accounting to account for
the equity investments in common stock, over which it has significant influence but does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise
control. Pursuant to the Company s articles of association and relevant PRC regulations, each party was required to contribute the
capital on or before December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and current, Nanjing CBAK, Guanxi Guiwu and Mr. Weidong Xu had contributed
capital of million (RMB million), million (RMB million) and million (RMB million), respectively. 

F- 26 

Impairment 

Carrying amount 

million (RMB to acquire of the equity interests of DJY.
CBAK Power along with other three new investors has appointed one director on behalf of the Investors to the Board of Directors of DJY.
DJY is unrelated third party of the Company engaging in in research and development, production and sales of products and services to
lithium battery positive cathode materials producers, including the raw materials, fine ceramics, equipment and industrial engineering. 

million (approximately million), in which each
party holding , and equity interests of CBAK Education, respectively. The investment is for training skillful workforce for
Nanjing CBAK. CBAK Education has not yet commence its operation and nil capital contribution was made by all parties as of the report
date. 

and nil on the non-marketable equity securities for the
year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

Addition for the year 

Amortization charge for the year 

Foreign exchange adjustment 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Amortization charge for the year 

Foreign exchange adjustment 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

to years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land
leases. 

F- 27 

-

Less: unearned income, representing interest 
 
 -

Present value of minimum lease payments receivables 
 
 -

Less: Current portion 
 
 -

Non-current portion 
 
 -

and nil for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

and nil for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

The monthly rental
payment is approximately RMB per month. In 2018, lump sum payments were made to landlord for the rental of staff quarter
spaces and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these leases. 

per month. On February 28, 2022, Nanjing
Daxin early terminated the lease after one-year non-cancellable period. 

per month. 

per month for the first year and approximately RMB per month from the second year. In May 2022, Nanjing Daxin early terminated the lease after one-year non-cancellable period. 

per month. 

F- 28 

per month for the first year, with increase per year. 

The monthly rental
payment is RMB per month. 

. The monthly rental
payment is RMB per month. 

. The monthly
rental payment is RMB per month for the first year, with increase per year. 

Accumulated depreciation 
 -

Impairment 
 -

Property, plant and equipment, net under finance lease 
 -

Finance lease liabilities, current 
 -

Finance lease liabilities, non-current 
 -
 
 -

Total finance lease liabilities 
 -

Interest of lease liabilities 
 
 -

Total lease expense 
 
 -

F- 29 

2024 
 
 -

2025 
 
 -

2026 
 
 -

2027 
 
 -

Thereafter 
 -
 
 -

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Operating leases 

Finance lease 
 -

Weighted-average discount rate 

Land use rights 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 
 Operating lease 

Finance lease 
 -

Sewage discharge permit 

Accumulated amortization 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

as of December 31, 2021. The sewage discharge permit was registered under the name of New Era (note 12). The Company has obtained a sewage discharge permit on January 27, 2022. 

F- 30 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

of registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans and
has the voting right over the of registered equity interests. Subject to definitive acquisition agreements to be entered into among
the parties, including shareholders owning the of equity interests of Hitrans, CBAK Power intends to acquire of equity interests
of Hitrans in cash in 2021. CBAK Power has paid million (RMB to Juzhong Daxin as a security deposit in April 2021. Hitrans
is an unrelated third party of the Company engaging in researching, manufacturing and trading of raw materials and is one of the major
suppliers of the Company in fiscal 2020. 

of registered equity interests
(or representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans (the Acquisition Agreement ). Under the Acquisition Agreement, CBAK
Power acquires of registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans from Zhejiang Meidu Graphene Technology
Co., Ltd. Meidu Graphene valued at RMB million million) and of registered equity interests (representing
 of paid-up capital) of Hitrans from Hitrans s management shareholders valued at approximately RMB million million).
Two individuals among Hitrans management shareholders, including Hitrans s CEO, Mr. Haijun Wu Mr. Wu ), keeping 
registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans and New Era Group Zhejiang New Energy Materials Co., Ltd. New Era continue to hold registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans after the
acquisition. 

registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans held by Hitrans management shareholders was frozen
as a result of a litigation arising from the default by Hitrans management shareholders on debts borrowed from Zhejiang Meidu Pawn Co.,
Ltd. Pawn Co. whereby the registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans was pledged
as collateral. Mr. Junnan Ye Mr. Ye ), acting as an intermediary, first acquire registered equity interests (representing
 of paid-up capital) of Hitrans, free of any encumbrances, from Hitrans management shareholders. Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement,
within five days of CBAK Power s obtaining registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans
from Mr. Ye, CBAK Power pays approximately RMB million million) in cash, which amount shall be used toward the repayment of
debts due to Pawn Co. On July 23, 2021, CBAK Power paid RMB million (approximately million) in cash to Mr. Ye. 

registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans was frozen as a
result of a litigation arising from Hitrans s failure to make payments to New Era in connection with the purchase of land use rights,
plants, equipment, pollution discharge permit and other assets (the Assets under certain asset transfer agreements as well
as Meidu Graphene s guarantee for Hitrans s payment obligations thereunder. 

F- 31 

million million) (the Hitrans Loan by remitting
approximately RMB million million) into the account of Shaoxing Intermediate People s Court (the Court to remove the freeze on Meidu Graphene s registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans. Moreover,
Juzhong Daxin returns RMB million million) of the security deposit to CBAK Power before CBAK Power wires approximately RMB 
million million) to the Court. Juzhong Daxin retained RMB million million) as commission for facilitating the acquisition
and RMB million million) recognized as compensation expense to another potential buyer. On July 27, 2021, Juzhong Daxin returned
RMB million million) of the security deposit to CBAK Power. The remaining RMB million million) had not yet been repaid by
Juzhong Daxin up to the date of this report (Note 17). The Company is still negotiating with Juzhong Daxin, as Juzhong Daxin believes
that according to the Security Acquisition Framework Agreement entered into between CBAK Power and Juzhong Daxin, CBAK Power should pay
RMB million million) as risk premium for facilitating the acquisition. CBAK Power believes it is not reasonable to pay any of the
risk premium in accordance with the terms of the agreement and Juzhong Daxin should return RMB million million) to CBAK Power.
CBAK Power has taken legal action for the outstanding balance. 

registered equity interests
(representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans, free of any encumbrances, from Meidu Graphene. Thereafter, CBAK Power assigns RMB 
million million) of the Hitrans Loan to Mr. Junnan Ye as consideration for the acquisition of registered equity interests (representing
 of paid-up capital) of Hitrans from Mr. Ye (the Assignment ). Hitrans shall repay RMB million million) to
Mr. Ye in accordance with a separate loan repayment agreement (the Loan Repayment Agreement entered into among Mr. Ye,
Hitrans, CBAK Power and Mr. Wu in July 2021. Under the Loan Repayment Agreement, Hitrans shall repay Mr. Ye at least RMB million 
million) within two months of obtaining the title to the Assets from New Era and the remaining RMB million million) by December
31, 2021, with a fixed interest of RMB million million) which can be reduced by up to RMB million million) if the loan
is settled before its due date. CBAK Power provides guarantee to Mr. Ye on Hitrans s repayment obligations under the Loan Repayment
Agreement. Hitrans shall repay the remaining approximately RMB million million) of the Hitrans Loan to CBAK Power at an interest
rate of per annum, maturing in one year from the date of the Assignment. As of December 31, 2021, Hitrans has repaid RMB million million) and interest incurred was RMB million million) recorded as finance cost for the year ended December 31, 2021.
As of January 29, 2022, Hitrans has repaid all the loan principals of RMB million million) and interests of RMB million 
million) to Mr. Ye (Note 15). 

registered equity interests (representing of paid-up capital) of Zhejiang Hitrans to CBAK Power has been registered with the local
government and CBAK Power had paid approximately RMB million (approximately million) in cash to Mr. Ye. In addition, CBAK Power
had wired approximately RMB million (approximately million) to the Court and the Acquisition was completed on November 26, 2021. 

of the Company s registered equity interests (representing of paid-up
capital of the Company). As required by applicable Chinese laws, CBAK Power and Management Shareholders are obliged to make capital contributions
of RMB million million) and RMB million million), respectively, for the unpaid portion of Hitrans s registered
capital in accordance with the articles of association of Hitrans. 

F- 32 

Debts product 

Trade and bills receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepayments and other receivables 

Income tax recoverable 

Amount due from trustee 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Construction in progress 

Intangible assets, net 

Prepaid land use rights, noncurrent 

Leased assets, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Short term bank loan 

Other short term loans CBAK Power 

Trade accounts and bills payable 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Deferred government grants 

Land appreciation tax 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net assets 

Less: Waiver of dividend payable 

Total net assets acquired 

Non-controlling interest 

Goodwill 

Total identifiable net assets 

registered equity interest (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans from Meidu Graphene 

Cash consideration for registered equity interest (representing of paid-up capital) of Hitrans from Hitrans management 

Total Purchase Consideration 

to goodwill, representing the financial, strategic and operational value of the transaction to the Company. Goodwill is
attributed to the premium that the Company paid to obtain the value of the business of Hitrans and the synergies expected from the combined
operations of Hitrans and the Company, the assembled workforce and their knowledge and experience in provision of raw materials used in
manufacturing of lithium batteries. The total amount of the goodwill acquired is not deductible for tax purposes. 

F- 33 

Foreign exchange adjustment 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Impairment of goodwill 

Foreign exchange adjustment 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 -

for the year ended December 31, 2022. The impairment loss of goodwill
was primarily attributable to the impairment related to Hitrans reporting unit as the financial performance of the reporting unit of Hitrans
continued to fall below the Company s original expectations. 

Bills payable 

Bank acceptance bills (Note 15) 

from the issue date. 

million and million of the Company s bills receivable as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively (Note 4). 

F- 34 

The Company repaid RMB million (approximately million) in March 2023 and borrowed RMB million (approximately
 million) under the same facility for a term until February 15, 2024 to March 17, 2024, bearing annual interest rate at . 

F- 35 

million (approximately million) letter of credit from China CITIC Bank for a period to October 30, 2024 for settlement of Hitrans
purchase. The Company had not utilized the letter of credit as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 36 

million (approximately million) for various terms through January to March 2023, which was secured
by the Company s cash totaling RMB million (approximately million) (Note
3). 

million (approximately million) for various terms ending through January to June 2023,
which was secured by the Company s cash totaling RMB million (approximately million) 
(Note 3) and the Company s bills receivable totals RMB million (approximately million) (Note 4). 

million (approximately million) for various terms ending through March to May
2023, which was secured by the Company s cash totaling RMB million (approximately 
million) (Note 3) and the Company s land use rights and buildings. 

million (approximately million) for various terms through January to June 2023, which was secured
by the Company s cash totaling RMB million (approximately million) (Note 3). 

million (approximately million) for various terms through January to June 2023, which was secured
by the Company s cash totaling RMB million (approximately million) (Note 3). 

Bills receivables (note 4) 

Right-of-use assets (note 10) 

Buildings 

million. 

and were incurred on the Company s bank borrowings, respectively. 

F- 37 

Mr. Yunfei Li 
 (b) 

Shareholders 
 (c) 
 
 -

Mr. Junnan Ye (Note 12) 

-

Advances from unrelated third party 

Mr. Wenwu Yu 
 (d) 

Ms. Longqian Peng 
 (d) 

Suzhou Zhengyuanwei Needle Ce Co., Ltd 
 (e) 

(approximately RMB million) to these
investors. 

million (approximately million) to the Company. The loan was
unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. The Company fully repaid in November 2022. 

and were incurred on the Company s borrowings from unrelated parties, respectively. 

F- 38 

Equipment purchase payable 

Liquidated damages 

Accrued staff costs 

Customer deposits 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses 

Dividend payable to non-controlling interest to Hitrans 

Other payable 

Less: non-current portion 

Deferred revenue 
 -

. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, no liquidated damages relating to both events have been paid. 

by selling shares of common stock at the price of per share.
Roth Capital Partners, LLC acted as the Company s exclusive financial advisor and placement agent in connection with the private
placement and received a cash fee of . The Company may have become liable for liquidated damages to certain shareholders whose
shares were included in a resale registration statement on Form S-3 that the Company filed pursuant to a registration rights agreement
that the Company entered into with such shareholders in November 2007. Under the registration rights agreement, among other things, if
a registration statement filed pursuant thereto was not declared effective by the SEC by the 100th calendar day after the closing of the
Company s private placement on November 9, 2007, or the Effectiveness Deadline , then the Company would be liable to
pay partial liquidated damages to each such investor of 

F- 39 

for the November 2007 registration rights agreement. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022,
the Company had settled the liquidated damages with all the investors and the remaining provision of approximately was included
in other payables and accruals. 

Shenzhen Baijun Technology Co., Ltd 

Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd 

Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd 

Shenzhen BAK Battery Co., Ltd 

Shenzhen BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd 

Zhejiang New Era Zhongneng Recycling Technology Co., Ltd. 

Hangzhou Juzhong Daxin Asset Management Co., Ltd 

Mr. Junnan Ye (Note 13) 

equity interests in Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. 

equity interests. 

of registered equity interests of Hitrans (note 12) 

Sales of cathode raw materials to Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd 

Sales return of batteries to Zhengzhou BAK New Energy
 Technology Co., Ltd 
 
 -

Sales of cathode raw materials to Shenzhen BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd 

Interest expense charge by Mr. Junnan Ye 
 
 -

F- 40 

million to the Company. 

-

Non-current 
 
 -

-

). During August and September 2018, RMB was paid
to Shenzhen Baijun as deposit. In 2020, Guangdong Hitrans and Shenzhen Baijun entered into supplemental agreement to cancel the services
contract and Shenzhen Baijun agreed to refund the deposit paid by four installments from 2021 throughout 2023. 

-

F- 41 

Trade receivable, net Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd (ii) 
 
 -

Bills receivable Issued by Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd (iii) 

Trade payable, net Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd 

Dividend payable to non-controlling interest of Hitrans (note 16) 

million to the Company. (ii) (iii) 

Less: Current portion 

Non-current portion 

F- 42 

pursuant to an agreement with the Management Committee dated July 2, 2013 for costs of land use rights and to be used
to construct the new manufacturing site in Dalian. Part of the facilities had been completed and was operated in July 2015 and the Company
has initiated amortization on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the depreciable facilities constructed thereon. 

million (approximately million) subsidy from Gaochun EDZ. The Company will recognize
the government subsidies as income or offsets them against the related expenditures when there are no present or future obligations for
the subsidized projects. 

million million) as other income after moving of the Company facilities to Nanjing. Remaining subsidy of RMB million (approximately
 million) was granted to facilities the construction works and equipment in Nanjing. The construction works have been completed in
November 2021 and the production line was fully operated in January 2022. The Company has initiated amortization on a straight-line basis
over the estimated useful lives of the depreciable facilities constructed thereon. 

Research and development expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Other income (expenses), net 

Warranty costs incurred 

Provision (reversal) for the year 

Foreign exchange adjustment 

Balance at end of year 

Less: Current portion 

Non-current portion 

F- 43 

-

Deferred income tax credit 

percent to percent; (2) requiring companies to pay
a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries; (3) generally eliminating U.S. federal corporate
income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) providing modification to subpart F provisions and new taxes on certain foreign
earnings such as Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI). Except for the one-time transition tax, most of these provisions go into
effect starting January 1, 2018. 

deemed paid foreign tax credit (FTC) and a deduction of the current year inclusion with the full amount of the Section
78 gross-up subject to limitation. This new provision is effective for tax years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31,
2017. The Company has evaluated whether it has additional provision amount resulted by the GILTI inclusion on current earnings and profits
of its foreign controlled corporations. The Company has made an accounting policy choice of treating taxes due on future U.S. inclusions
in taxable amount related to GILTI as a current period expense when incurred. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does not have
any aggregated positive tested income; and as such, does not have additional provision amount recorded for GILTI tax. 

and did not have any assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and accordingly no provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made in these periods. 

F- 44 

to all enterprises but grants preferential tax treatment to High-New Technology Enterprises. CBAK Power was regarded as a High-new
technology enterprise pursuant to a certificate jointly issued by the relevant Dalian Government authorities. Under the preferential
tax treatment, CBAK Power was entitled to enjoy a tax rate of for the years from 2021 to 2024 provided that the qualifying conditions
as a High-new technology enterprise were met. Hitrans was regarded as a High-new technology enterprise pursuant to a certificate
jointly issued by the relevant Zhejiang Government authorities. Under the preferential tax treatment, Hitrans was entitled to enjoy a
tax rate of for the years from 2021 to 2024 provided that the qualifying conditions as a High-new technology enterprise were met. 

United States federal corporate income tax rate 

Income tax credit computed at United States statutory corporate income tax rate 

Reconciling items: 

Over provision of deferred taxation in prior year 

Rate differential for PRC earnings 

Non-taxable income 

Tax effect of entity at preferential tax rate 

Non-deductible expenses 

Share based payments 

Decrease of uncertain tax position 
 
 -

Tax effect of utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised 

Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 

Income tax credit 

Inventories 

Property, plant and equipment 

Non-marketable equity securities 

Intangible assets 

Accrued expenses, payroll and others 

Provision for product warranty 

Net operating loss carried forward 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, non-current 

Deferred tax liabilities, non-current 

Long-lived assets arising from acquisitions 

, of which available to reduce future taxable income which will expire
in various years through 2035 and available to offset capital gains recognized in the succeeding 5 tax years. , which will expire in various years
through 2022 to 2031. Management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize these potential tax benefits as
these operations will not generate any operating profits in the foreseeable future. As a result, a valuation allowance was provided against
the full amount of the potential tax benefits. 

F- 45 

likelihood of being sustained. Interest
and penalties on income taxes will be classified as a component of the provisions for income taxes. 

of the profit for the year of the PRC subsidiary. The aggregate amount allocated to the reserves will be limited
to of registered capital for certain subsidiaries. Statutory reserve can be used for expanding the capital base of the PRC subsidiary
by means of capitalization issue. 

and 
representing the PRC statutory reserve of the subsidiary as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, are also considered under restriction for distribution. 

F- 46 

(RMB and (RMB for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

Shares. 

restricted shares of the Company s
common stock, par value , to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company with a fair value of per share on June
30, 2015. In accordance with the vesting schedule of the grant, the restricted shares will vest in twelve equal quarterly installments
on the last day of each fiscal quarter beginning on June 30, 2015 (i.e. last vesting period: quarter ended March 31, 2018). The Company
recognizes the share-based compensation expenses on a graded-vesting method. 

vested shares were to be issued. 

The Company recognizes the share-based compensation expenses over the vesting period (or the requisite service period) on a graded-vesting
method. 

F- 47 

vested shares were to be issued. 

The Company recognizes the share-based compensation expenses over the vesting period (or the requisite service period) on a graded-vesting
method. 

for the year ended December 31, 2021, in respect of the restricted shares granted on August 23, 2019. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, in respect of the restricted shares granted on August 23, 2019. 

Granted 
 -

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested share units as of December 31, 2022 
 -

restricted share units of the Company s common stock to an
employee of the Company. The fair value of these restricted shares was per
share on October 23, 2020. The Company recognizes the share-based compensation expenses over the vesting period (or the requisite service
period) on a graded-vesting method. 

for the year ended December 31, 2021, in respect of the restricted shares granted on October 23, 2020 of which allocated
to research and development expenses. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, in respect of the restricted shares granted on October 23, 2020 of which allocated
to research and development expenses. 

F- 48 

Vested 

Non-vested share units as of December 31, 2020 

Vested 

Non-vested share units as of December 31, 2021 

Vested 

Non-vested share units as of December 31, 2022 

associated with the above restricted share units and vested shares were to be issued. 

The options will expire on the -month
anniversary of the grant date. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company recorded 
and nil as stock compensation expenses, respectively. 

-

Exercisable at January 1, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Granted 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 

-
 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

-

as of December 31, 2022 exceeds the average exercise price of the option. As of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of the outstanding and exercisable stock options was nil . 

F- 49 

Less: Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic (note) 

Dilutive unvested restricted stock 
 
 -

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 

Income (loss) per share of common stock 

Basic 

Diluted 

and vested restricted shares granted pursuant to the 2015 Plan that were not yet issued as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

unvested options and all the outstanding warrants were anti-dilutive and excluded from shares used in the diluted computation. 

unvested options and all the outstanding warrants were anti-dilutive and excluded from shares used in the diluted computation. 

F- 50 

shares of its common stock at a price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of approximately
 million, before deducting fees to the placement agent and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. As part of the
transaction, the institutional investors also received warrants Investor Warrants for the purchase of up to 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share exercisable for 36 months from the date of issuance.
In addition, the placement agent for this transaction also received warrants Placement Agent Warrants for the purchase
of up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share exercisable for 36 months after 6
months from the issuance. The Company has performed a thorough reassessment of the terms of its warrants with reference to the provisions
of ASC Topic 815-40-15-7I, regarding its exposure to changes in currency exchange rates. This reassessment has led to the management s
conclusion that the Company s warrants issued to the investors should not be considered indexed to the Company s own stock
because the warrants are denominated in U.S. dollar, which is different from the Company s functional currency, Renminbi. Warrants
are remeasured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings in each reporting period. 

warrants issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Exercise price (USD/price) 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term/ Contractual life (years) 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

F- 51 

Exercise price (USD/price) 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term/ Contractual life (years) 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Exercise price (USD/price) 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term/ Contractual life (years) 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Exercise price (USD/price) 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term/ Contractual life (years) 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Warrants issued to institution investors 
 
 -

Warrants issued to placement agent 
 
 -

Warrants redeemed 
 -
 
 -

Fair value change of the issued warrants included in earnings 

Balance at end of year 

F- 52 

Exercisable at January 1, 2022 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised / surrendered 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

For purchases of equipment 

Capital injection 

(RMB ), including construction costs of million (RMB million, which the Company already accrued for
at June 30, 2016), interest of (RMB million) and compensation of million (RMB million). On September 7, 2016, upon
the request of Shenzhen Huijie for property preservation, the Court of Zhuanghe froze CBAK Power s bank deposits totaling 
(RMB for a period of one year. On September 1, 2017, upon the request of Shenzhen Huijie, the Court of Zhuanghe froze the bank
deposits for another one year until August 31, 2018. The Court further froze the bank deposits for another one year until August 27, 2019
upon the request of Shenzhen Huijie on August 27, 2018. On August 27, 2019, the Court froze the bank deposits for another year until August
27, 2020, upon the request of Shenzhen Huijie. On June 28, 2020, the Court of Dalian entered the final judgement as described below and
the frozen bank deposit was released in July 2020. 

F- 53 

(approximately million)
claimed by Shenzhen Huijie as well as other expenses incurred including deferred interest, discounted charge on bills payable, litigation
fee and property preservation fee totaled million. The Company has accrued for these amounts as of December 31, 2017. On July 24,
2017, CBAK Power filed an appellate petition to the Intermediate Peoples Court of Dalian Court of Dalian) to appeal
the adjudication dated on June 30, 2017. On November 17, 2017, the Court of Dalian rescinded the original judgement and remanded the case
to the Court of Zhuanghe for retrial. The Court of Zhuanghe conducted a retrial and requested an appraisal to be performed by a third-party
appraisal institution on the construction cost incurred and completed by Shenzhen Huijie on the subject project. On November 8, 2018,
the Company received from the Court of Zhuanghe the construction-cost-appraisal report which determined that the construction cost incurred
and completed by Shenzhen Huijie for the subject project to be (RMB ). On May 20, 2019, the Court of Zhuanghe entered
a judgment that Shenzhen Huijie should pay back to CBAK Power (RMB (the amount CBAK Power paid in excess of the construction
cost appraised by the appraisal institution) and the interest incurred since April 2, 2019. Shenzhen Huijie filed an appellate petition
to the Court of Dalian. On June 28, 2020, the Court of Dalian entered the final judgment that Shenzhen Huijie should pay back to CBAK
Power (RMB (the amount CBAK Power paid in excess of the construction cost appraised by the appraisal institution) and
the interest incurred since April 2, 2019, and reimburse the litigation fees totaling (RMB that CBAK Power has paid. As
of December 31, 2022, CBAK Power have not received the final judgement amount totaled (RMB from Shenzhen Huijie. Shenzhen
Huijie filed an appellate petition to High Peoples Court of Liaoning Court of Liaoning to appeal the adjudication
dated on June 28, 2020. In April 2021, the Court of Liaoning rescinded the original judgement and remanded the case to the Court of Dalian
for retrial. On December 21, 2021, the Court of Dalian remanded the case to the Court of Zhuanghe for retrial. Upon receiving the
notice from the Court of Liaoning, CBAK Power has accrued the construction cost of million (RMB as of December 31, 2022. 

million (RMB ), including equipment cost of 
million (RMB and interest amount of million (RMB ). In August 2021, CBAK Power and Haoneng reached an agreement
that the term of the purchase contract will be extended to December 31, 2023 under which CBAK Power and its related parties shall execute
the purchase of equipment in an amount not lower than million (RMB from Haoneng, or CBAK Power has to pay of the amount
equal to RMB million) net of the purchased amount to Haoneng. Haoneng withdrew the filed lawsuit after the agreement.
As of December 31, 2022, the equipment was not received by CBAK Power, CBAK Power has included the equipment cost of million (RMB under capital commitments. 

or more of net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 as follows: 

Customer C 

Customer D 

Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd (note 17) 

of net revenue for the respective period. 

F- 54 

or more of net trade receivable (included VAT) as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 as follows: 

Customer D 

Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd (note 17) 

of net accounts receivable for the respective period. 

or more of net purchase for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 as follows: 

Supplier B 

Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd (note 17) 

Supplier C 

of net purchase for the respective period. 

or more of trade payable as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 as follows: 

Supplier B 

Supplier C 

Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd (note 17) 

F- 55 

operating segments namely CBAK and Hitrans. CBAK s segment mainly includes the manufacture,
commercialization and distribution of a wide variety of standard and customized lithium ion rechargeable batteries for use in a wide array
of applications. Hitrans segment mainly includes the development and manufacturing of NCM precursor and cathode materials. 

-

Cost of revenues 

-

Gross profit 

-

Total operating expenses 

Operating (loss) income 

Finance income (expenses), net 

Other income, net 

Income tax credit 

-

Net income 

F- 56 

-

Cost of revenues 

-

Gross profit 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Finance income (expenses), net 

Other (expenses) income, net 

Income tax credit 
 -

-

Net (loss) income 

As of December 31, 2022 

Identifiable long-lived assets 
 93.661,521

-

Total assets 

Light electric vehicles 

Uninterruptable supplies 

Trading of raw materials used in lithium batteries 

Materials used in manufacturing of lithium batteries 

Cathode 

Precursor 

Total consolidated revenue 

F- 57 

Europe 

USA 

Others 

Total 

of their after tax net profits each year, if any, to fund the statutory general
reserve until the balance of the reserves reaches of their registered capital. The statutory general reserves are not distributable
in the form of cash dividends to the Company and can be used to make up cumulative prior year losses, if any, and may be converted into
share capital by the issue of new shares to shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings, or by increasing the par value
of the shares currently held by them, provided that the reserve balance after such issue is not less than of the registered capital.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, additional transfers of and were
required before the statutory general reserve reached of the registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2021 and
2022, there w as appropriation from retained earnings and set aside for statutory
general reserves by the PRC subsidiaries. The PRC subsidiaries did not have after tax net profits since its incorporation and therefore
no appropriation was made to fund its statutory general reserve as of December 31, 2021 and 2022. 

percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year. For purposes of this test, restricted
net assets of consolidated subsidiaries shall mean that amount of the registrant s proportionate share of net assets of consolidated
subsidiaries (after intercompany eliminations) which as of the end of the most recent fiscal year may not be transferred to the parent
company by subsidiaries in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends without the consent of a third party (i.e., lender, regulatory
agency, foreign government, etc.). 

F- 58 

SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
OF REGISTRANT 

CBAK ENERGY TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

PARENT COMPANY STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

(Unaudited) 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Finance (expenses) income 
 
 -

Changes in fair value of warrants liability 

INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO PARENT COMPANY 

EQUITY IN INCOME (LOSS) OF SUBSIDIARIES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS 

F- 59 

CBAK ENERGY TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

PARENT COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 2021 and 2022 

(Unaudited) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Warrants liability 

Total current liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

F- 60 

CBAK ENERGY TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

PARENT COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

(Unaudited) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Equity in income (loss) of subsidiaries 

Share based compensation 

Changes in fair value of warrants liability 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

(Decrease) increase in interest in subsidiaries 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of shares 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 -

CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year 

million (approximately million) for a period of one year to January
4, 2024, bearing interest at of benchmark rate of the PBOC for short-term loans, which is per annum. The facility was guaranteed
by the Company s CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan and secured by an unrelated third party, Jiangsu
Credits Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd. The Company borrowed RMB million (approximately million) on January 6, 2023. 

million (approximately million) bearing interest
at of benchmark rate of the People s Bank of China PBOC for short-term loans, which is per annum. The
Company borrowed RMB million (approximately million) on January 17, 2023 for a term until January 13, 2024. 

million (approximately million) letter of credit facilities granted by China CITIC Bank at an interest rate of for a period
of one year to January 5, 2024. 

million (approximately million)
for a period from January 7, 2023 to January 6, 2025. The facility was guaranteed by the Company s CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li, Mr. Yunfei
Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan and CBAK New Energy (Nanjing) Co., Ltd. The Company borrowed RMB million (approximately million)
on January 12, 2023 for a term of one year until January 11, 2024, bearing interest at per annum. 

F- 61 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange
Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and
Interim Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is
required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 

Management conducted its evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer. Based upon, and
as of the date of this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting refers to the
process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, and effected by
our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures
that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
 as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization
 of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
 detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a
 material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth
in the report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission, or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system, including (i)
the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring. 

48 

Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 were not effective because of the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting has been identified: 

We did not have appropriate policies and procedures in place
to evaluate the proper accounting and disclosures of key documents and agreements. 

We do not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with
an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application of accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. 

In order to cure the foregoing material weakness, we have taken or
are taking the following remediation measures: 

We are in the process of hiring a permanent chief financial
officer with significant U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience. Ms. Xiangyu Pei was appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company
as the Interim Chief Financial Officer on August 23, 2019. 

We have regularly offered our financial personnel trainings on internal control and risk management. We have regularly provided trainings to our financial personnel on U.S. GAAP accounting guidelines. We plan to continue to provide trainings to our financial team and our other relevant personnel on the U.S. GAAP accounting guidelines applicable to our financial reporting requirements. 

We intend to complete the remediation of the
material weaknesses discussed above as soon as practicable but we can give no assurance that we will be able to do so. Designing and
implementing an effective disclosure controls and procedures is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes
in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to devote significant resources to maintain a financial reporting system
that adequately satisfies our reporting obligations. The remedial measures that we have taken and intend to take may not fully address
the material weakness that we have identified, and material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures may be identified in
the future. Should we discover such conditions, we intend to remediate them as soon as practicable. We are committed to taking appropriate
steps for remediation, as needed. 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

Except for the matters described above,
there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

We have no information to disclose that
was required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, but was not reported. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

49 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following sets forth the name and position of each of our current
executive officers and directors. 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 GENDER 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Yunfei Li 
 
 57 
 
 Male 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 J. Simon Xue 
 
 69 
 
 Male 
 
 Director 
 
 Martha C. Agee 
 
 68 
 
 Female 
 
 Director 
 
 Jianjun He 
 
 51 
 
 Male 
 
 Director 
 
 Xiangyu Pei 
 
 34 
 
 Female 
 
 Director and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Yunfei Li has served as the chairman
of our board, our president and chief executive officer since March 1, 2016. Mr. Li has more than 20 years of management experience in
real estate development, battery and new energy industries. Since May 2014, he has been Vice President of the Company s subsidiary,
CBAK Power, in charge of the company s construction of manufacturing facilities, government relationship and development of new
customers. From May 2010 to May 2014, Mr. Li held management positions of various new energy development and real estate development
companies in China. Prior to that, he was Director of Construction Department, Director of Comprehensive Management Department and Assistant
to President of Shenzhen BAK Battery Co., Ltd., a former subsidiary of the Company, from March 2003 to May 2010. Mr. Li holds a bachelor s
degree in Civil Engineering from Liao Yuan Vocational Technical College. 

J. Simon Xue has served as our
director since February 1, 2016. Dr. Xue has approximately 40 years experience in nuclear chemistry, solid state chemistry, superconductivity
and materials for Lithium-ion batteries. Within his research career, he has spent 21 years in the research and development of Lithium-ion
battery. Dr. Xue is currently the Senior Director of National Institute for Low- -Clean Energy in China and a member of National
 Thousand Talent Plan and a member of Expert Committee for Chinese Industrial Association of Power Sources. 
Prior to that, Dr. Xue was a director of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc., a Delaware company, between August 2011 and April 2012. From 2010
to 2011, he served as the chief executive officer of Yintong Energy Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Canon Investment Holdings Ltd. Dr. Xue
has also held positions at Ultralife, Duracell, B K Electronics Co., Ltd., Valence Energy-Tech (Suzhou) Co., A123 Systems Inc. and
International Battery Inc. He enjoys an extensive reputation in the whole product chain of lithium-ion battery in China, including materials,
equipment, cell manufacturing and testing. He has authored or co-authored over 50 scientific articles, 12 patents relevant to battery
chemistry and materials and participated, presented and hosted more than 30 battery or material related international conferences. Dr.
Xue completed his Ph.D. program in Solid State Chemistry in McMaster University in 1992. 

Martha C. Agee has served as our
director since November 15, 2012. Since 1997, Ms. Agee has been a senior lecturer of business law at Hankamer School of Business of Baylor
University where she teaches courses in the Legal Environment of Business, International Business Law, and Healthcare Law Ethics
for graduate and undergraduate students. Prior to that, Ms. Agee practiced law from 1988 to 1996. Ms. Agee obtained her bachelor s
degree in Accounting in 1976 and Juris Doctorate degree in 1988 from Baylor University. 

Jianjun He has served as our director
since November 4, 2013. Mr. He has more than 15 years experience in accounting and finance and is an associate member of the Chinese
Institute of Certificate Public Accounts. Mr. He has been the Managing Director of Jilin CybernautLvke Investment and Management Co.,
Ltd., an investment consulting firm in China, since January 1, 2013. From June 30, 2009 to December 31, 2012, Mr. He served as the Chief
Financial Officer of THT Heat Transfer Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: THTI) THT Heat ), a provider of heat exchangers and heat
exchange solutions in China. Mr. He was the Chief Financial Officer of Siping City JuyuanHanyang Plate Heat Exchanger Co. Ltd, a wholly
owned subsidiary of THT Heat from 2007 to December 2012. From 1999 to 2007, Mr. He worked as senior financial officer in Jilin Grain
Group, a state-owned enterprise engaged in the grain processing and trading business. Mr. He graduated from Changchun Taxation College
in 1995 with a Bachelor s degree in Auditing and obtained a Master s degree from Jilin University in 2005. 

50 

Xiangyu Pei has served as our director
since September 24, 2021 and Interim Chief Financial Officer since August 23, 2019. Prior to that, Ms. Pei has been the secretary of
the Company since 2017. She has also served as the financial controller of the Company s subsidiary, CBAK Power since 2017. She
has been responsible for the auditing, accounting and investor relationship of CBAK Power, as well as assisting in consolidation and
financial reporting of the Company. Ms. Pei received a PhD in World Economics from Jilin University in China. 

There are no agreements or understandings for
any of our executive officers or director to resign at the request of another person and no officer or director is acting on behalf of
nor will any of them act at the direction of any other person. 

Directors are elected until their successors are duly elected and
qualified. 

Director Qualifications 

Directors are responsible for overseeing the
Company s business consistent with their fiduciary duty to shareholders. This significant responsibility requires highly skilled
individuals with various qualities, attributes and professional experience. The Board believes that there are general requirements for
service on the Company s Board of Directors that are applicable to all directors and that there are other skills and experience
that should be represented on the Board as a whole but not necessarily by each director. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee of the Board consider the qualifications of directors and director candidates individually and in the broader context of the
Board s overall composition and the Company s current and future needs. 

Qualifications for All Directors 

In identifying and evaluating nominees, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee may consult with the other Board members, management, consultants, and other individuals likely to
possess an understanding of the Company s business and knowledge of suitable candidates. In making its recommendations, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee assesses the requisite skills and qualifications of nominees and the composition of the Board as a
whole in the context of the Board s criteria and needs. In evaluating the suitability of individual Board members, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee may take into account many factors, including general understanding of marketing, finance and other
disciplines relevant to the success of a publicly traded company in today s business environment; understanding of the Company s
business and technology; the international nature of the Company s operations; educational and professional background; and personal
accomplishment. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates each individual in the context of the Board as a whole, with
the objective of recommending a group that can best perpetuate the success of the Company s business and represent stockholder
interests through the exercise of sound judgment, using its diversity of experience. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
also ensures that a majority of nominees would be independent directors as defined under the applicable rules of the SEC
and The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. 

Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience to be Represented
on the Board as a Whole 

In its assessment of each potential candidate,
including those recommended by stockholders, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the nominee s judgment,
integrity, experience, independence, understanding of the Company s business or other related industries and such other factors
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee determines are pertinent in light of the current needs of the Board. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee also takes into account the ability of a Director to devote the time and effort necessary to fulfill
his or her responsibilities to the Company. 

51 

The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee require that each Director be a recognized person of high integrity with a proven record of success in his or her field. Each
Director must demonstrate innovative thinking, familiarity with and respect for corporate governance requirements and practices, an appreciation
of multiple cultures and a commitment to sustainability and to dealing responsibly with social issues. In addition to the qualifications
required of all Directors, the Board assesses intangible qualities including the individual s ability to ask difficult questions
and, simultaneously, to work collegially. 

The Board has identified particular qualifications,
attributes, skills and experience that are important to be represented on the Board as a whole, in light of the Company s current
needs and business priorities. The Company s services are performed in various countries and in significant areas of future growth
located outside of the United States. Accordingly, the Board believes that international experience or specific knowledge of key geographic
growth areas and diversity of professional experiences should be represented on the Board. In addition, the Company s business
is multifaceted and involves complex financial transactions. Therefore, the Board believes that the Board should include some Directors
with a high level of financial literacy and some Directors who possess relevant business experience as a Chief Executive Officer or President.
Our business involves complex technologies in a highly specialized industry. Therefore, the Board believes that extensive knowledge of
the Company s business and industry should be represented on the Board. 

Board Diversity Matrix 

The matrix below summarizes the gender and ethnic
diverse attributes on our Board. 

Board
 Diversity Matrix (As of April 14, 2023) 
 
 Country
 of Principal Executive Offices 
 China 
 
 Foreign
 Private Issuer 
 No 
 
 Disclosure
 Prohibited under Home Country Law 
 No 
 
 Total
 Number of Directors 
 5 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did
 Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Part
 I: Gender Identity 
 
 Directors 
 2 
 3 
 0 
 0 
 
 Part
 II: Demographic Background 
 
 Underrepresented
 Individual in Home Country Jurisdiction 
 0 
 
 LGBTQ+ 
 0 
 
 Did
 Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 0 

Summary of Qualifications of Directors 

Set forth below is a narrative disclosure that
summarizes some of the specific qualifications, attributes, skills and experiences of our directors. For more detailed information, please
refer to the biographical information for each director set forth above. 

Mr. Li, has extensive senior management
experience in the industry in which we operate and has held management positions of various new energy development and real estate development
companies in China. 

Dr. Xue , Chair of the Compensation
Committee, has approximately 40 years experience in nuclear chemistry, solid state chemistry, superconductivity and materials
for Lithium-ion batteries. Within his research career, he has spent 21 years in the research and development of Lithium-ion battery. 

Ms. Agee , Chair of the Audit Committee,
was previously a Certified Public Accountant, worked as Chief Accountant for political sub-division for five and a half years and worked
as Supervisor of Accounting for a large retail chain where the responsibilities included hiring, training, and supervision of accounting
staff; preparation and analysis of 17 monthly financial statements and quarterly consolidated financial statements; budgeting, and internal
auditing. 

Mr. He , Chair of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, has more than 15-year experience in accounting and finance and is an associate member of the Chinese Institute
of Certificate Public Accounts. 

Ms. Pei , has been with the Company since
2017 and served as the Company s interim chief financial officer since 2019. She contributes valuable financial expertise and management
insights to the Board. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors or officers. 

52 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers
has been the subject of the follow events, during the past ten years: 

1) A petition under the federal bankruptcy
 laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or
 similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or
 any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time
 of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
 at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2) Convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending
 criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3) The subject of any order, judgment, or
 decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities; 

i. Acting as a futures commission merchant,
 introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission,
 or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter,
 broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
 company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing
 any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale
 of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities
 laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4) The subject of any order, judgment or
 decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority
 barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person
 to engage in any activity described in paragraph 3)i in the preceding paragraph or to be
 associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5) Was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action
 or by the SEC to have violated any federal or state securities law, and the judgment in such
 civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6) Was found by a court of competent jurisdiction
 in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal
 commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures
 Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7) Was the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial
 or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. Any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation;
 or 

ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial
 institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent
 cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or 

iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in
 connection with any business entity; or 

8) Was the subject of, or a party to, any
 sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
 organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))),
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C.
 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
 authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board Composition and Committees 

Our board of directors is comprised of Yunfei Li, J. Simon Xue, Martha
C. Agee, Jianjun He and Xiangyu Pei. 

J. Simon Xue, Martha Agee and Jianjun He each
serves on our board of directors as an independent director as defined by as defined by Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing
Rules. Our board of directors has determined that Martha Agee possesses the accounting or related financial management experience that
qualifies her as financially sophisticated within the meaning of Rule 5605(c)(2)(A) of the NASDAQ Listing Rule and that she is an audit
committee financial expert as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Our board of directors currently has three standing
committees which perform various duties on behalf of and report to the board of directors: (i) audit committee, (ii) compensation committee
and (iii) nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of the three standing committees is comprised entirely of independent directors.
From time to time, the board of directors may establish other committees. 

53 

Audit Committee 

Our Audit Committee consists of three members:
Martha C. Agee, J. Simon Xue and Jianjun He. Pursuant to the determination of our Board of Directors, Ms. Agee serves as the chair of
the Audit Committee and as our Audit Committee financial expert as that term is defined by the applicable SEC rules. Each director who
has served or is serving on our Audit Committee was or is independent as that term is defined under the NASDAQ listing
rules for Audit Committee members at all times during their service on such Committee. 

The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial
reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our Company. The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the
 work of the independent auditor; 

reviewing and pre-approving all auditing services and permissible
 non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed by the independent
 auditor; 

reviewing and approving all proposed related-party transactions; 

discussing the interim and annual financial statements with
 management and our independent auditors; 

reviewing and discussing with management
 and the independent auditor (a) the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company s internal
 controls, (b) the Company s internal audit procedures, and (c) the adequacy and effectiveness
 of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, and management reports thereon; 

reviewing reported violations of the Company s code of
 conduct and business ethics; and 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent
 auditor various topics and events that may have significant financial impact on the Company
 or that are the subject of discussions between management and the independent auditors. 

Compensation Committee 

Our Compensation Committee consists of three
members: Martha C. Agee, J. Simon Xue and Jianjun He, with Mr. Xue serving as chair. Each director who has served or is serving on our
Compensation Committee was or is independent as that term is defined under the NASDAQ listing rules at all times during
their service on such Committee. 

The purpose of our Compensation Committee discharge
the responsibilities of the Company s Board of Directors relating to compensation of the Company s executives, to produce
an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement, if required, and to oversee and advise
the Board on the adoption of policies that govern the Company s compensation programs, including stock and benefit plans. Our chief
executive officer may not be present at any Compensation Committee meeting during which his compensation is deliberated. The Compensation
Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

reviewing and approving the compensation structure for corporate
 officers at the level of corporate vice president and above; 

overseeing an evaluation of the performance of the Company s
 executive officers and approve the annual compensation, including salary, bonus, incentive
 and equity compensation, for the executive officers; 

reviewing and approving chief executive officer goals and objectives,
 evaluate chief executive officer performance in light of these corporate objectives, and
 set chief executive officer compensation consistent with Company philosophy; 

making recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation
 of board members; and 

reviewing and making recommendations
 concerning long-term incentive compensation plans, including the use of equity-based plans.
 Except as otherwise delegated by the Board of Directors, the Compensation Committee will
 act on behalf of the Board of Directors as the Committee established to administer
 equity-based and employee benefit plans, and as such will discharge any responsibilities
 imposed on the Compensation Committee under those plans, including making and authorizing
 grants, in accordance with the terms of those plans. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
consists of three members: Martha C. Agee, J. Simon Xue and Jianjun He, with Mr. He serving as chair. Each director who has served or
is serving on our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee was or is independent as that term is defined under the
NASDAQ listing standards at all times during their service on such Committee. 

The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee is to determine the slate of director nominees for election to the Company s Board of Directors, to identify and recommend
candidates to fill vacancies occurring between annual shareholder meetings, and to review the Company s policies and programs that
relate to matters of corporate responsibility, including public issues of significance to the Company and its members. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

annually presenting to the Board a list of individuals recommended
 for nomination for election to the Board at the annual meeting of stockholders, and for appointment
 to the committees of the Board; 

54 

annually reviewing the composition of each committee and present
 recommendations for committee memberships to the Board as needed; and 

annually evaluating and reporting to the Board of Directors
 on the performance and effectiveness of the Board of Directors to facilitate the directors
 fulfillment of their responsibilities in a manner that serves the interests of the Company s
 shareholders. 

Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 

We have adopted a Code of Business Ethics and
Conduct relating to the conduct of our business by our employees, officers and directors. We intend to maintain the highest standards
of ethical business practices and compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to our business, including those relating to doing
business outside the United States. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics has been filed as Exhibit 14.1 to our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 22, 2006 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this annual report. The Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics is also available on our website at www.cbak.com.cn. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there were no amendments
to or waivers of our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct. If we effect an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business
Ethics and Conduct, we intend to satisfy our disclosure requirements by posting a description of such amendment or waiver on our Internet
website at www.cbak.com.cn or via a current report on Form 8-K. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Under U.S. securities laws, directors, certain
executive officers and persons beneficially owning more than 10 of our Common Stock must report their initial ownership of the Common
Stock, and any changes in that ownership, to the SEC. The SEC has designated specific due dates for these reports. Based solely on our
review of copies of such reports filed with the SEC and written representations of our directors and executive offers, we believe that
all persons subject to reporting filed the required reports on time in fiscal year 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named persons for services rendered in all capacities during
the noted periods. 

Stock 

Option 

Salary 

Awards 

Awards 

Total 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 ) (1) 

) 

) (2) 

) 

Yunfei Li, 
 
 2021 

120,107 

120,001 

53,450 

293,557 

President, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2022 

117,658 

60,000 

- 

177,658 

Xiangyu Pei 
 
 2021 

74,979 

54,000 

40,087 

169,066 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2022 

88,556 

27,000 

- 

115,556 

(1) 
 The amounts reported in this table have been converted from RMB to U.S. dollars based on the average conversion rate between the U.S. dollar and RMB for the applicable fiscal year, or 1.00 to RMB6.7264 (fiscal year 2022 exchange rate), 1.00 to RMB6.4525 (fiscal year 2021 exchange rate). 

(2) On November 29, 2021, the Company granted Mr. Yunfei Li performance-based
options to purchase a total of 200,000 shares of common stock, under the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, with an exercise
price of 1.96 per share. The value of performance-vesting stock options is computed assuming achievement of performance goals based
on probable outcomes of such performance goals under ASC Topic 718. Amount shown does not reflect compensation actually received or that
may be realized in the future by Mr. Li. In accordance with SEC regulations, such amount reflects the aggregate grant date fair value
computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 for stock and option awards made in the referenced fiscal year. This performance-based
option award is subject to performance and service-vesting requirements. See Note 24 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
in our Annual Report for information, including assumptions made, regarding the valuation of equity awards. 

55 

Summary of Employment Agreements 

The base salary shown in the Summary
Compensation Table is described in each named executive officer s respective employment agreement. The material terms of those
employment agreements are summarized below. 

We
entered into employment agreements with three-year initial terms with our named executive officers with standard employment agreements.
We entered into the employment agreement with Mr. Yunfei Li on March 1, 2016. On August 23, 2019, the Board of Directors appointed Ms.
Xiangyu Pei as the Interim Chief Financial Officer, and we entered into the employment agreement with
Ms. Xiangyu Pei for a three-year term. Each of our standard employment agreements is automatically extended by a year at the expiration
of the initial term and at the expiration of every one-year extension, until terminated in accordance with the termination provisions
of the agreements, which are described below. 

Our standard employment agreement permits us
to terminate the executive s employment for cause, at any time, without notice or remuneration, for certain acts of the executive,
including but not limited to a conviction or plea of guilty to a felony, negligence or dishonesty to our detriment and failure to perform
agreed duties after a reasonable opportunity to cure the failure. An executive may terminate his employment upon one month s written
notice if there is a material reduction in his authority, duties and responsibilities or if there is a material reduction in his annual
salary before the next annual salary review. Furthermore, we may terminate the executive s employment at any time without cause
by giving one month s advance written notice to the executive officer. If we terminate the executive s employment without
cause, the executive will be entitled to a termination payment of up to three months of his or her then base salary, depending on the
length of such executive s employment with us. Specifically, the executive will receive salary continuation for: (i) one month
following a termination effective prior to the first anniversary of the effective date of the employment agreement; (ii) two months following
a termination effective prior to the second anniversary of the effective date; and (iii) three months following a termination effective
prior to or any time after the third anniversary of the effective date. The employment agreements provide that the executive will not
participate in any severance plan, policy, or program of the Company. 

Our standard employment agreement contains customary
non-competition, confidentiality, and non-disclosure covenants. Each executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the
employment agreement expires or is earlier terminated, in strict confidence and not to use, except as required in the performance of
his duties in connection with the employment, any confidential information, technical data, trade secrets and know-how of our company
or the confidential information of any third party, including our affiliated entities and our subsidiaries, received by us. The executive
officers have also agreed to disclose in confidence to us all inventions, designs and trade secrets which they conceive, develop or reduce
to practice and to assign all right, title and interest in them to us. In addition, each executive officer has agreed to be bound by
non-competition restrictions set forth in his or her employment agreement. Specifically, each executive officer has agreed not to, while
employed by us and for a period of one year following the termination or expiration of the employment agreement, 

approach our clients, customers or contacts or other persons
 or entities, and not to interfere with the business relationship between us and such persons
 and/or entities; 

assume employment with or provide
 services as a director for any of our competitors, or engage in any business which is in
 direct or indirect competition with our business; or 

solicit the services of any of our employees. 

56 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2022 

The following table sets forth the equity awards outstanding at December
31, 2022 for each of our named executive officers. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

Equity 

incentive 

plan 

Equity 

awards: 

incentive 

Market or 

Equity 

plan 

payout 

incentive 

awards: 

value of 

plan 

Market 

Number of 

unearned 

awards: 

Number of 

value of 

unearned 

shares, 

Number of 

shares 

shares or 

shares, 

units or 

Number of 

Number of 

securities 

or units 

units of 

units or 

other 

securities 

securities 

underlying 

of stock 

stock 

other 

rights 

underlying 

underlying 

unexercised 

Option 

that have 

that have 

rights that 

that have 

unexercised 

unexercised 

unearned 

exercise 

Option 

not 

not 

have not 

not 

options (#) 

options (#) 

options 

price 

expiration 

vested 

vested 

vested 

vested 

Name 
 
 exercisable 

unexercisable 

(#) 

) 

date 

(#) 

(#) 

(#) 

) 

Yunfei
 Li, President, Chief Executive Officer 

40,000 

- 

120,000 
 (1) 

1.96 

09/26/2027 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Xiangyu
 Pei Interim Chief Financial officer 

30,000 

- 

9,000 
 (2) 

1.96 

09/26/2027 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1) On
November 29, 2021, pursuant to the 2015 Plan, the Company granted Mr. Li an aggregate of 200,000 performance-based stock options to purchase
the Company s common stock. Subject to continued service and attainment of the performance goals relating to the Company s
operating results, the options will vest semi-annually in 10 equal installments over a five-year period with the first vesting on May
30, 2022. The options will expire on the 70-month anniversary of the grant date. 

(2) On
November 29, 2021, pursuant to the 2015 Plan, the Company granted Ms. Pei an aggregate of 150,000 performance-based stock options to
purchase the Company s common stock. Subject to continued service and attainment of the performance goals relating to the Company s
operating results, the options will vest semi-annually in 10 equal installments over a 5-year period with the first vesting on May 30,
2022. The options will expire on the 70-month anniversary of the grant date. 

Compensation of Directors 

On August 23, 2019, pursuant to the 2015
Plan, each of our independent directors was granted 20,000 restricted share units of the Company s common stock. The share units
vest semi-annually in 6 equal installments over a three year period with the first vesting on September 30, 2019. 

The following table sets forth the total compensation earned by our
non-employee directors during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Fees 

Earned or 

Paid in 
 Stock 

Cash 
 Awards 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 J. Simon Xue 
 20,000 
 3,000 
 23,000 
 
 Martha C. Agee 
 20,000 
 3,000 
 23,000 
 
 Jianjun He 
 20,000 
 3,000 
 23,000 

We do not maintain a medical, dental or retirement benefits plan for
the directors. 

Except as disclosed in this annual report, we
have not compensated, and will not compensate, our non-independent directors, Mr. Yunfei Li and Ms. Xiangyu Pei, for serving as our directors,
although they are entitled to reimbursements for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attending our board meetings. 

The directors may determine remuneration to be
paid to the directors with interested members of the Board refraining from voting. The Compensation Committee will assist the directors
in reviewing and approving the compensation structure for the directors. 

57 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth information known
to us with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of the close of business on April 10, 2023 (the Reference
Date for: (i) each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our voting securities, (ii) each named executive officer,
(iii) each of our directors and nominees, and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group: 

Names of Management and Names of Certain Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 

Number (2) 
 Percent (3) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Yunfei Li (5) (7) (8) (12) 
 11,025,871 
 12.38 
 
 J. Simon Xue (6) (9) 
 30,000 

Martha C. Agee (4) (9) 
 50,000 

Jianjun He (4) (9) 
 50,000 

Xiangyu Pei (11) 
 267,983 

All executive officers and directors as a group (5 persons) 
 11,423,854 
 12.82 
 
 Principal Stockholders 

Daiwei Li (7) (8) 
 6,733,359 
 7.57 

Denotes less than 1 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

(1) 
 The number of shares beneficially owned is determined under SEC rules, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under those rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power, and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of the Reference Date, through the exercise or conversion of any stock option, convertible security, warrant or other right (a Presently Exercisable security). Including those shares in the table does not, however, constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. 

(2) 
 Unless otherwise indicated,
 each person or entity named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power with that person s
 spouse) with respect to all shares of Common Stock listed as owned by that person or entity. 

(3) 
 A total of 89,007,525 shares
 of Common Stock are considered to be outstanding on the Reference Date. For each beneficial owner above, any Presently Exercisable
 securities of such beneficial owner have been included in the denominator, pursuant to Rule 13d-3(d)(1) under the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

(4) 
 On June 30, 2015, each
 of our independent directors then was granted 30,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, under the 2015 Plan.
 The restricted shares vest over a three-year period in 12 equal quarterly installments with the first vesting date on June 30, 2015.

(5)
 
 On June 30, 2015, Mr. Yunfei Li was granted
 30,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, under the 2015 Plan. The restricted shares vest over a three-year period
 in 12 equal quarterly installments with the first vesting date on June 30, 2015. On April 19, 2016, pursuant to the 2015 Plan, the
 Company granted Mr. Li an aggregate of 150,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock. The restricted shares vest
 semi-annually in 6 equal installments over a three-year period with the first vesting on December 31, 2016. On February 17, 2017,
 we signed a letter of understanding with each of eight individual investors, including our CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li, whereby these stockholders
 agreed in principle to subscribe for new shares of our Common Stock totaling 10 million. The issue price would be determined with
 reference to the market price prior to the issuance of new shares. In January 2017, the stockholders paid us a total of 2.1 million
 as refundable deposits, among which, Mr. Yunfei Li agreed to subscribe new shares totaling 1.12 million and pay a refundable deposit
 of 0.2 million. In April and May 2017, we received cash of 9.6 million from these stockholders. On May 31, 2017, we entered into
 a securities purchase agreement with these investors, pursuant to which we agreed to issue an aggregate of 6,403,518 shares of Common
 Stock to these investors, at a purchase price of 1.50 per share, for an aggregate price of 9.6 million, including 746,018 shares
 were issued to Mr. Yunfei Li, our CEO. On June 22, 2017, we issued the shares to the investors. 
 
 On August 23, 2019, pursuant to the 2015
 Plan, the Company granted Mr. Li an aggregate of 400,000 restricted share units of the Company s Common Stock. The share units
 vest semi-annually in 6 equal installments over a three-year period with the first vesting on September 30, 2019. 

58 

Includes 20,000 options vested on May
30, 2022 and 20,000 options vested on November 30, 2022. On November 29, 2021, pursuant to the 2015 Plan, the Company granted Mr. Li an
aggregate of 200,000 performance-based stock options to purchase the Company s common stock. Subject to continued service and attainment
of the performance goals relating to the Company s operating results for each of the fiscal years ending December 31, 2021, 2022,
2023, 2024 and 2025, the options will vest semi-annually in 10 equal installments over a 5-year period with the first vesting on May 30,
2022. The options will expire on the 70-month anniversary of the grant date. The performance goals for 2021 were met, resulting in vesting
of 20,000 options on May 30 and November 30, 2022, respectively. 

(6)
 
 On April 19, 2016, pursuant
 to the 2015 Plan, the Company granted Dr. Xue an aggregate of 30,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock. The restricted
 shares vest semi-annually in 6 equal installments over a three-year period with the first vesting on December 31, 2016. 

(7) 
 On January 7, 2019, we
 entered into a cancellation agreement with Mr. Yunfei Li and Mr. Dawei Li, who loaned an aggregate of approximately 5.2 million
 (the First Debt to the Company s subsidiary, CBAK Power. Pursuant to the terms of the cancellation agreement,
 the creditors agreed to cancel the First Debt in exchange for an aggregate of 5,098,040 shares of Common Stock of the Company at
 an exchange price of 1.02 per share. According to the amount of loan, 3,431,373 and 1,666,667 shares were issued to Mr. Dawei Li
 and Mr. Yunfei Li, respectively. Upon receipt of the shares, the creditors released the Company from any claims, demands and other
 obligations relating to the First Debt. 

(8) 
 On July 26, 2019, we entered into a cancellation
 agreement with Mr. Dawei Li, Mr. Yunfei Li and Asia EVK, who loaned an aggregate of approximately 7.1 million to CBAK Power (collectively,
 the Third Debt and Fourth Debt ). Pursuant to the terms of the cancellation agreement, the creditors agreed
 to cancel the Third Debt and Fourth Debt in exchange for an aggregate of 7,092,219 shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exchange
 price of 1.05 per share. According to the amount of loan, 1,384,717, 2,938,067 and 2,769,435 shares were issued to Mr. Dawei Li,
 Mr. Yunfei Li and Asia EVK, respectively. Upon receipt of the shares, the creditors released the Company from any claims, demands
 and other obligations relating to the Third Debt and Fourth Debt. 

(9) 
 On August 23, 2019, pursuant to the 2015
 Plan, each of our independent directors then was granted 20,000 restricted share units of the Company s Common Stock. The share
 units vest semi-annually in 6 equal installments over a three-year period with the first vesting on September 30, 2019. 

(10) 
 On October 14, 2019, we
 entered into a cancellation agreement with Mr. Shangdong Liu, Mr. Shibin Mao, Ms. Lijuan Wang and Mr. Ping Shen, who loaned an aggregate
 of approximately 4.2 million to CBAK Power (the Fifth Debt and the unpaid earnest money of approximately 1.0 million.
 Pursuant to the terms of the cancellation agreement, the creditors agreed to cancel the Fifth Debt and convert the unpaid earnest
 money in exchange for an aggregate of 8,599,717 shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exchange price of 0.6 per share. According
 to the amount of loan, 528,053, 3,536,068, 2,267,798 and 2,267,798 shares were issued to Mr. Shangdong Liu, Mr. Shibin Mao, Ms. Lijuan
 Wang and Mr. Ping Shen, respectively. Upon receipt of the shares, the creditors released the Company from any claims, demands and
 other obligations relating to the Fifth Debt and the unpaid earnest money. 

(11) 
 On April 19, 2016, Ms. Pei was granted 50,000
 restricted shares under the 2015 Plan. Such shares vest semi-annually in 6 equal installments over a three-year period with the first
 vesting on December 31, 2016. On August 23, 2019, pursuant to the 2015 Plan, the Company granted Ms. Pei an aggregate of 180,000
 restricted share units of the Company s Common Stock. The share units vest semi-annually in 6 equal installments over a three-year
 period with the first vesting on September 30, 2019. 
 
 Includes 15,000 options vested on May 30, 2022 and 15,000 options vested
on November 30, 2022. On November 29, 2021, pursuant to the 2015 Plan, the Company granted Ms. Pei an aggregate of 150,000 performance-based
stock options to purchase the Company s common stock. Subject to continued service and attainment of the performance goals relating
to the Company s operating results for each of the fiscal years ending December 31, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the options
will vest semi-annually in 10 equal installments over a 5-year period with the first vesting on May 30, 2022. The options will expire
on the 70-month anniversary of the grant date. The performance goals for 2021 were met, resulting in vesting of 15,000 options on May
30 and November 30, 2022, respectively. 

(12) 
 On April 27, 2020, the
 Company entered into a cancellation agreement with Mr. Yunfei Li, Mr. Ping Shen and Asia EVK (the creditors), who loaned an aggregate
 of approximately 4.3 million to CBAK Power (the Sixth Debt ). Pursuant to the terms of the cancellation agreement,
 Mr. Yunfei Li, Mr. Ping Shen and Asia EVK agreed to cancel the Sixth Debt in exchange for 2,062,619, 4,714,557 and 2,151,017 shares
 of Common Stock, respectively, at an exchange price of 0.48 per share. Upon receipt of the shares, the creditors released the Company
 from any claims, demands and other obligations relating to the Sixth Debt. 

59 

Changes in Control 

There are no arrangements known to us, including any pledge
by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

2015 Equity Incentive Plan 

The following table sets forth certain information about the securities
authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan as of December 31, 2022. Options exercisable for all of the securities shown in column (a)
below were granted under our 2015 Plan. 

Number of 

securities 

remaining 

Number of 
 
 available for 

securities to 
 
 future 

be issued 
 Weighted- 
 issuance 

upon exercise of 
 average exercise price 
 under equity 

outstanding 
 of outstanding 
 compensation 

options, 
 options, 
 plans 

warrants 
 and 
 warrants and 
 (excluding securities 

rights 
 rights 
 reflected in 

(a) 
 (b) 
 column 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,216,709 
 1.88 
 4,854,518 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 2,216,709 
 1.88 
 4,854,518 

(a) 
 Amounts include 16,665 outstanding RSUs and 2,200,044 outstanding options. 

(b) The weighted-average exercise price is calculated based solely
on the exercise price of the outstanding options and does not reflect shares that will be issued upon the vesting of outstanding RSUs,
which have no exercise price. 

On June 12, 2015, shareholders of the Company
approved the 2015 Plan for employees, directors and consultants of the Company and its affiliates. The maximum aggregate number of shares
that may be issued under the 2015 Plan is ten million (10,000,000). 

On June 30, 2015, pursuant to the 2015 Plan,
the Company granted an aggregate of 690,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock to certain employees, officers and
directors of the Company. In accordance with the vesting schedule of the grant, the restricted shares vest in twelve equal quarterly
installments on the last day of each fiscal quarter beginning on June 30, 2015 and ending on March 31, 2018. 

On April 19, 2016, pursuant to the 2015 Plan,
the Company granted an aggregate of 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock to certain employees, officers and
directors of the Company. The restricted shares vest semi-annually in 6 equal installments over a three-year period with the first vesting
on December 31, 2016. 

On August 23, 2019, pursuant to the 2015 plan,
the Company granted an aggregate of 1,887,000 restricted share units of the Company s common stock to certain employees, officers
and directors of the Company. There are two types of vesting schedules, (i) the share units will vest semi-annually in 6 equal installments
over a three-year period with the first vesting on September 30, 2019; (ii) the share units will vest annually in 3 equal installments
over a three-year period with the first vesting on March 31, 2020. 

On October 23, 2020, pursuant to the Company s
2015 Plan, the Compensation Committee granted an aggregate of 100,000 restricted share units of the Company s common stock to an
employee of the Company. The restricted shares will vest semi-annually in six equal installments over a three-year period with the first
vesting on October 30, 2020. 

On November 29, 2021, pursuant to the 2015 Plan,
the Compensation Committee granted an aggregate of 2,750,002 performance-based stock options to purchase the Company s common stock
to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company. Subject to continued service and attainment of the performance goals, these
options will vest semi-annually in 10 equal installments over a five-year period with the first vesting on May 30, 2022. The options
will expire on the 70-month anniversary of the grant date. 

60 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

The following is a summary of reportable transactions
in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average
of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest (other than compensation described under Item 11 Executive Compensation ). 

Name of Entity or Individual 
 
 Relationship with the Company 
 
 New Era Group Zhejiang New Energy Materials Co., Ltd. 
 
 A minority shareholder of Hitrans 
 
 Shenzhen Baijun Technology Co., Ltd 
 
 The minority shareholder of Guangdong Hitrans 
 
 Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd 
 
 Note (a) below 
 
 Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd 
 
 Note (b) below 
 
 Shenzhen BAK Battery Co., Ltd 
 
 Former subsidiary and refer to Note (c) below 
 
 Shenzhen BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd 
 
 Former subsidiary and refer to Note (c) below 
 
 Zhejiang New Era Zhongneng Recycling Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 Note (d) below 
 
 Hangzhou Juzhong Daxin Asset Management Co., Ltd 
 
 Note (e) below 
 
 Mr. Junnan Ye 
 
 Former shareholder of Hitrans 

(a) Mr.
Xiangqian Li, the Company s former CEO, is a director of Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd. 

(b) Mr.
Xiangqian Li is a director of Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd, which has 29 equity interests in Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Technology
Co., Ltd. 

(c) 
 Mr. Xiangqian Li is a director of Shenzhen BAK Battery Co., Ltd and Shenzhen BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd. 

(d) New
Era Group Zhejiang New Energy Materials Co., Ltd. is a shareholder of Zhejiang New Era Zhongneng Recycling Technology Co., Ltd., holding
27.08 equity interests. 

(e) Hangzhou
Juzhong Daxin Asset Management Co., Ltd. was the trustee of 85 of registered equity interests of Hitrans 

Related party transactions 

The Company entered into the following
reportable related party transactions: 

For the 
 year ended December 31, 2021 
 For the 
 year ended December 31, 2022 

Purchase of batteries from Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd 
 5,522,832 
 26,819,454 
 
 Sales of cathode raw materials to Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd 
 8,339,088 
 53,236,804 
 
 Sales return of batteries to Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd 
 (91,974 
 - 
 
 Sales of cathode raw materials to Shenzhen BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd 
 10,032 
 8,681,496 
 
 Interest expense charge by Mr. Junnan Ye 
 135,606 
 - 

61 

Related party balances 

Apart from the above, the Company recorded the
following related party balances as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022: 

Receivables from former subsidiary 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 

Receivables from Shenzhen BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd 
 2,263,955 
 5,518,052 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 represented
trade receivable for sales of cathode raw materials to Shenzhen BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd. As of the date of this report, Shenzhen BAK
Power Battery Co., Ltd repaid 4.5 million to the Company. 

Amount due from non-controlling interest 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 

Shenzhen Baijun Technology Co., Ltd 
 125,883 
 - 
 
 Current 
 62,941 
 - 
 
 Non-current 
 188,824 
 - 

In August 2018, Guangdong Hitrans and Shenzhen
Baijun entered into a services contract for the provision of consultancy service to assist Guangdong Hitrans to obtain the license for
recycling solid wastes with a contract sum of RMB3,000,000 465,362). During August and September 2018, RMB1,500,000 232,681) was paid
to Shenzhen Baijun as deposit. In 2020, Guangdong Hitrans and Shenzhen Baijun entered into supplemental agreement to cancel the services
contract and Shenzhen Baijun agreed to refund the deposit paid by four installments from 2021 throughout 2023. 

Hitrans assessed the recoverability of the amount
due from Shenzhen Baijun and considered the recoverability to be low so it had written off the whole amount due from Shenzhen Baijun as
of December 31, 2022. 

Amount due from related party 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 

Hangzhou Juzhong Daxin Asset Management Co., Ltd 
 472,061 
 - 

The above balances are due on demand, interest-free
and unsecured. The Company assessed the recoverability of the amount due from Juzhong Daxin and considered the recoverability to be low
so it had written off the whole amount due from Juzhong Daxin as of December 31, 2022. 

Other balances due from/ (to) related parties 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 

Trade receivable, net Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd (i) 
 14,583,061 
 9,156,383 
 
 Trade receivable, net Zhengzhou BAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd (ii) 
 459,714 
 - 
 
 Bills receivable Issued by Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd (iii) 
 1,861,280 
 2,941,683 
 
 Trade payable, net Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd 
 (572,768 
 (5,629,343 
 
 Dividend payable to non-controlling interest of Hitrans 
 1,444,737 
 1,290,942 

(i) 
 Representing trade receivables from sales of cathode raw materials to Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd. As of the date of this report, Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd. repaid 5.1 million to the Company. 
 
 (ii) 
 Representing trade payables on purchase of batteries from Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd. 
 
 (iii) 
 Representing bills receivable issued by Zhengzhou BAK Battery Co., Ltd. The Company endorsed the bills receivable to suppliers for settling
trade payables subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

62 

Payables to a former subsidiary 

Payables to a former subsidiary as of December
31, 2021 and 2022 consisted of the following: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2021 
 2022 
 
 Payables to Shenzhen BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd 
 (326,507 
 (358,067 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 and December 31,
2022 consisted of payables for purchase of inventories from Shenzhen BAK Power Battery Co., Ltd. 

Guarantees for the Company 

On January 17, 2022, we obtained a one-year term facility
from Agricultural Bank of China with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) bearing interest at 105 of benchmark
rate of the People s Bank of China PBOC for short-term loans, which is 3.85 per annum. The facility was guaranteed
by the Company s CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan and secured by an unrelated third party, Jiangsu
Credits Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd. We borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) on the same date for a term until January
16, 2023. We repaid the loan early on January 5, 2023. 

On February 9, 2022, we obtained a one-year term facility from Jiangsu
Gaochun Rural Commercial Bank with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) bearing interest at 124 of benchmark
rate of the People s Bank of China PBOC for short-term loans, which is 4.94 per annum. The facility was guaranteed
by the Company s CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan. We borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.4
million) on February 17, 2022 for a term until January 28, 2023. We repaid the loan early on January 16, 2023. 

On March 8, 2022, we obtained a one-year term facility
from China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. Shangyu Branch with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) bearing interest
at 5. 5 per annum. The facility was guaranteed by 100 equity in CBAK Power held by BAK Asia and the Company s CEO, Mr. Yunfei
Li. The Company borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.6 million) on the same date. On May 17, 2022, we repaid the loan principal and
related loan interests. 

On April 28, 2022, we obtained a three-year term facility
from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Nanjing Gaochun branch, with a maximum amount of RMB12 million (approximately 1.7 million)
with the term from April 21, 2022 to April 21, 2025. The facilities were guaranteed by our CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li and Mr. Yunfei Li s
wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan. Under the facility, we borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) on April 29, 2022, bearing interest
at 3.95 per annum for a term until April 29, 2023. 

On June 22, 2022, we obtained another one-year term
facility from China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. Shangyu Branch with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) bearing
interest at 4.5 per annum. The facility was guaranteed by 100 equity in CBAK Power held by BAK Asia and our CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li. The
Company borrowed RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) on the same date for a term until June 21, 2023. We repaid the loan on November
10, 2022. 

On September 25, 2022, we entered into a new one-year
term facility with Jiangsu Gaochun Rural Commercial Bank with a maximum amount of RMB9 million (approximately 1.3 million) bearing interest
rate at 4.81 per annum. The facility was guaranteed by 100 equity in CBAK Nanjing held by BAK Investment and our CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li
and Mr. Yunfei Li s wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan. We borrowed RMB9 million (approximately 1.3 million) on September 27, 2022 for a term
until September 24, 2023. 

On January 7, 2023, we obtained a two-year term facility
from Postal Savings Bank of China, Nanjing Tianhe Branch with a maximum amount of RMB10 million (approximately 1.4 million) for a period
from January 7, 2023 to January 6, 2025. The facility was guaranteed by the Company s CEO, Mr. Yunfei Li, Mr. Yunfei Li s
wife Ms. Qinghui Yuan and CBAK New Energy (Nanjing) Co., Ltd. We borrowed RMB5 million (approximately 0.7 million) on January 12, 2023
for a term of one year until January 11, 2024, bearing interest at 3.65 per annum. 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

We did not have any promoters at any time during the past five fiscal
years. 

Director Independence 

J. Simon Xue, Martha C. Agee and Jianjun He each
serves on our board of directors as an independent director as defined by Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing Rule. 

63 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fees and
Services 

Audit Fees 

Centurion ZD CPA Co. has billed us 513,721
and 265,000 and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for professional services rendered for the audit
of our annual financial statements, including reviews of the interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
and assistance with the Securities Act filings. 

Audit-Related Fee s 

The fees for the audit-related services billed
and to be billed by Centurion ZD CPA Co. for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 2,500 and 67,500, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

We did not engage our principal accountants to provide tax compliance,
tax advice or tax planning services during the last two fiscal years. 

All Other Fees 

We did not engage our principal accountants to render services to
us during the last two fiscal years, other than as reported above. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

All auditing services and permitted non-audit
services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for the Company by our independent auditor must be approved by the Audit
Committee in advance, except non-audit services (other than review and attestation services) if such services fall within exceptions
established by the SEC. The Audit Committee will pre-approve any permissible non-audit services to be provided by the Company s
independent auditors on behalf of the Company that do not fall within any exception to the pre-approval requirements established by the
SEC. The Audit Committee may delegate to one or more members the authority to pre-approve permissible non-audit services, but any such
delegate or delegates must present their pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next meeting. All of our accountants 
services described above were pre-approved by the Audit Committee or by one or more members under the delegate authority described above. 

64 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Financial Statements and Schedules 

The financial statements are set forth under Item 8 of this annual
report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information
is otherwise included. 

Exhibit List 

(a) List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1) Index to Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Report of Centurion ZD CPA Co., Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 2769) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity
 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December
 31, 2021 and 2022 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2) Index to Financial Statement Schedules: 

All schedules have been omitted because the required information is
included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto, or because it is not required. 

(3) Index to Exhibits 

See exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

65 

(b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8- K filed on January 17, 2017) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 8, 2006) 

3.2 
 
 By-laws of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 19, 2007) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 filed by the Company on October 22, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2012) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed by the Company on June 23, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2015) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed by the Company on December 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 24, 2015). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act 

4.3 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Series B Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Investors Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2021) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Investors Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2020) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2020) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2011) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Units Award Agreement Under 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2019) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2015) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and among the Company and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2020) 

10.7 
 
 English translation of Framework Agreement Relating to Dalian CBAK Power Battery Co., Ltd. s Investment in Zhejiang Meidu Hitrans Lithium Battery Technology Co., Ltd., dated July 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2021) 

66 

14.1
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the registrant
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q filed on August 22, 2006) 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

31.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does
 not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the iXBRL document). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

CBAK ENERGY TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Yunfei Li 

Yunfei Li 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Xiangyu Pei 

Xiangyu Pei 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Yunfei Li 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 14,
2023 
 
 Yunfei Li 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Xiangyu Pei 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Xiangyu Pei 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ J. Simon Xue 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 J. Simon Xue 

/s/ Martha C. Agee 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Martha C. Agee 

/s/ Jianjun He 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Jianjun He 

68 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_cbakenergy.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

The following summary describes our common stock,
par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. (the Company, we, 
 us, and our ), which are the only securities of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange
Act. 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 

The following summary describes the material terms
of our Common Stock. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Articles of Incorporation,
Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209, Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on June 23, 2015, Certificate
of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on December 9, 2021, Articles of Merger and By-laws incorporated by reference as Exhibits
3.1, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 2.1 and 3.2, respectively, to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. We encourage you
to read the foregoing exhibits and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, Chapter 78, for a complete description of
our Common Stock. 

Authorized Capital Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 500,000,000
shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). The Common
Stock may be issued from time to time for such consideration as may be fixed by the Board of Directors, provided that the consideration
fixed is not less than par value. 

The Board of Directors is authorized, at any time
and from time to time, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series with such designations, preferences,
voting powers and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as
are stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such Preferred Stock adopted by the Board of Directors,
and as are not stated and expressed in the Company s articles of incorporation or any amendment thereto. As of December 31, 2022,
there were 88,990,858 shares of Common Stock and no Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Voting Rights 

Each outstanding share of Common Stock entitles
the holder thereof to one vote per share on all matters coming before the stockholders for a vote. Our articles of incorporation do not
permit cumulative voting for the election of directors. Likewise, our articles of incorporation do not vary the size of the vote necessary
for the stockholders to act on various matters from the size of the vote required by Nevada law, which means, unless a different vote
is required by express provisions of Nevada law, an action by the stockholders on a matter other than the election of directors shall
be approved if the number of votes cast in favor of the action exceeds the number of votes cast in opposition to the action. The directors
of a Nevada corporation are elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders by a plurality of the votes cast at the election. 

Dividends 

The holders of shares of our Common Stock are
entitled to dividends out of funds legally available when and as declared by our board of directors. Our board of directors has never
declared a dividend or otherwise authorized any cash or other distribution with respect to the shares of our Common Stock and does not
anticipate declaring a dividend in the foreseeable future. Should we decide in the future to pay dividends, as a holding company, our
ability to do so and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiaries and
other holdings and investments. In addition, our operating subsidiaries, from time to time, may be subject to restrictions on their ability
to make distributions to us, including as a result of restrictive covenants in loan agreements, restrictions on the conversion of local
currency into dollars or other hard currency and other regulatory restrictions. 

Liquidation 

In event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive, ratably, the net assets available to stockholders after payment of all creditors. 

Rights and Preferences 

Our Common Stock has no preemptive or subscription rights, and no redemption,
sinking fund, or conversion provisions. 

Fully Paid and Nonassessable 

All of the issued and outstanding shares of our
Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. To the extent that additional shares of our Common Stock
are issued, the relative interests of existing stockholders will be diluted. 

Anti-takeover Effects of Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws, as amended,
contain certain provisions that may have the effect of entrenching our existing board members, delaying, deferring or preventing a
future takeover or change in control of the company unless such takeover or change in control is approved by the board of directors.
These provisions include: 

Special Meetings of Stockholders Our articles of incorporation provide that special meetings
of the stockholders can only be called by our president or any other executive officer, or the board of directors, or any member thereof,
the record holder or holders of at least 10 of all shares entitled to vote at the meeting, and our bylaws provide that a special meeting
will be called by the president or secretary at the written request of our stockholders holding not less than 30 of all the shares issued,
outstanding and entitled to vote. 

Advance Notice Procedures At an annual meeting, our stockholders elect a board of directors
and transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. By contrast, at a special meeting, our stockholders may
transact only the business for the purposes specified in the notice of the meeting unless all of our stockholders entitled to vote are
present at the special meeting and consent. 

Contracts and Transactions with Interested Directors We may enter into a contract or a
transaction with an entity in which our directors or officers have a financial or other interest as long as such relationship has been
disclosed to, or is known by, our board of directors, or is otherwise fair to the Company at the time it is authorized or approved. 

Amendment of Bylaws Our Bylaws may be amended by our board of directors alone. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares Our board of directors may cause us to issue our authorized
but unissued shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock in the future without stockholders approval. These additional shares may
be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions
and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock could render more difficult
or discourage an attempt to obtain control of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

2 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Nevada Law 

Nevada Business Combination Statute 

We are subject to the business combination 
provisions of Sections 78.411 to 78.444 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. In general, such provisions prohibit a Nevada corporation with
at least 200 stockholders from engaging in various combination transactions with any interested stockholder for a period
of two years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the transaction is approved
by the board of directors prior to the date the interested stockholder obtained such status or the combination is approved by the board
of directors and thereafter is approved at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of stockholders representing at least 60 
of the outstanding voting power held by disinterested stockholders, and extends beyond the expiration of the two-year period, unless (a)
the combination was approved by the board of directors prior to the person becoming an interested stockholder; (b) the transaction by
which the person first became an interested stockholder was approved by the board of directors before the person became an interested
stockholder; (c) the combination is later approved by a majority of the voting power held by disinterested stockholders; or (d) if the
consideration to be paid by the interested stockholder is at least equal to the highest of: (i) the highest price per share paid by the
interested stockholder within the two years immediately preceding the date of the announcement of the combination or in the transaction
in which it became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher, or (ii) the market value per share of common stock on the date of announcement
of the combination and the date the interested stockholder acquired the shares, whichever is higher. 

A combination is generally defined
to include mergers or consolidations or any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer, or other disposition, in one transaction
or a series of transactions, with an interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder having:
(a) an aggregate market value equal to more than 5 of the aggregate market value of the assets of the corporation, (b) an aggregate market
value equal to more than 5 of the aggregate market value of all outstanding voting shares of the corporation, and (c) more than 10 of
the earning power or net income of the corporation. 

An interested stockholder is generally
defined to mean a beneficial owner of at least 10 of the outstanding voting power or an affiliate or associate of the corporation that
has been a 10 beneficial owner within the preceding 2 years. The statutes could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change
in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire our company even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders
the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 

Nevada Acquisition of Controlling Interest Statute 

Nevada s Acquisition of Controlling Interest
Statute (NRS Sections 78.378-78.3793) applies only to Nevada corporations with at least 200 stockholders, including at least 100 stockholders
of record who are Nevada residents, which conduct business directly or indirectly in Nevada and whose articles of incorporation or bylaws
in effect 10 days following the acquisition of a controlling interest by an acquiror do not prohibit its application. As of the date of
this prospectus, we do not believe we have 100 stockholders of record who are residents of Nevada, although there can be no assurance
that in the future the acquisition of controlling interest statutes will not apply to us. 

Nevada s Acquisition of Controlling
Interest Statute, prohibits an acquiror, under certain circumstances, from voting shares of a target corporation s stock after
crossing certain threshold ownership percentages, unless the acquiror obtains the approval of the target corporation s
stockholders. The statute specifies three thresholds that constitute a controlling interest: (a) at least one-fifth but less than
one-third; (b) at least one-third but less than a majority; and (c) a majority or more, of
the outstanding voting power. Once an acquiror crosses one of these thresholds, shares which it acquired in the transaction
exceeding the threshold (or within ninety days preceding the date thereof) become control shares which could be
deprived of the right to vote until a majority of the disinterested stockholders restore that right. 

3 

A special stockholders meeting may be called at
the request of the acquiror to consider the voting rights of the acquiror s shares. If the acquiror requests a special meeting and
gives an undertaking to pay the expenses of said meeting, then the meeting must take place no earlier than 30 days (unless the acquiror
requests that the meeting be held sooner) and no more than 50 days (unless the acquiror agrees to a later date) after the delivery by
the acquiror to the corporation of an information statement which sets forth the range of voting power that the acquiror has acquired
or proposes to acquire and certain other information concerning the acquiror and the proposed control share acquisition. 

If no such request for a stockholders meeting
is made, consideration of the voting rights of the acquiror s shares must be taken at the next special or annual stockholders meeting.
If the stockholders fail to restore voting rights to the acquiror, or if the acquiror fails to timely deliver an information statement
to the corporation, then the corporation may, if so provided in its articles of incorporation or bylaws, call certain of the acquiror s
shares for redemption at the average price paid for the control shares by the acquiror. 

In the event the stockholders restore full voting
rights to a holder of control shares that owns a majority of the voting stock, then all other stockholders who do not vote in favor of
restoring voting rights to the control shares may demand payment for the fair value of their shares as determined by a court
in dissenters rights proceeding pursuant to Chapter 92A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

Listing 

Our Common Stock is listed on Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 CBAT. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

Our transfer agent and registrar is Securities Transfer Corporation,
2901 N Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093. 

Warrants 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had the following outstanding warrants to purchase the Common Stock: 

warrants to purchase 3,795,920 shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price of 6.46 per
share, subject to full-ratchet anti-dilution adjustment in the case of future issuances or deemed issuances of shares of Common Stock
below the warrants exercise price then in effect, as well as customary adjustment in case of stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations and similar recapitalization transactions. These warrants are exercisable for 36 months from the date of issuance, December
10, 2020; 

Series A-1 warrants to purchase 4,469,988 shares of Common Stock of the Company, at a per share exercise
price of 7.67, subject to full-ratchet anti-dilution adjustment in the case of future issuances or deemed issuances of shares of Common
Stock below the Series A-1 warrants exercise price then in effect, as well as customary adjustment in case of stock splits, stock
dividends, stock combinations and similar recapitalization transactions. The Series A-1 warrants are exercisable for 42 months from the
date of issuance, February 10, 2021. 

warrants to purchase 446,999 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 9.204 per share, with a
term of 42 months from the issuance date, February 10, 2021, subject to customary adjustment in case of stock dividends, stock splits,
stock combinations and similar recapitalization transactions; and 

warrants to purchase 379,592 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 6.475, with a term of 36 months from the issuance date,
December 10, 2020, subject to customary adjustment in case of stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and similar recapitalization
transactions. 

4 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_cbakenergy.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Jurisdiction of 

Incorporation or 
 Percentage of 
 
 Name of Subsidiary 
 Organization 
 Ownership 
 
 China BAK Asia Holdings Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 100 
 
 Dalian CBAK Trading Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 100 
 
 Dalian CBAK Power Battery Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 100 
 
 Dalian CBAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 100 
 
 CBAK New Energy (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 90 
 
 BAK Asia Investments Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 100 
 
 CBAK New Energy (Nanjing) Co., Ltd 
 PRC 
 100 
 
 Nanjing BFD New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 100 
 
 Nanjing CBAK New Energy Technology Co., Ltd 
 PRC 
 100 
 
 Daxin New Energy Automobile Industry Technology (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 100 
 
 Zhejiang Hitrans Lithium Battery Technology Co., Ltd Hitrans 
 PRC 
 67.33 

80 owned 
 
 Guangdong Meidu Hitrans Resources Recycling Technology Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 by Hitrans 

100 owned 
 
 Shaoxing Haisheng International Trading Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 by Hitrans 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_cbakenergy.htm
 CONSENT OF CENTURION ZD CPA & CO

Exhibit 23.1 

Centurion ZD CPA Co. 
 Certified Public Accountants (Practising) 

Unit 1304, 13/F, Two Harbourfront, 22 Tak Fung Street, Hunghom, Hong Kong. 

 22 13 1304 

 Tel : (852) 2126 2388 Fax : (852) 2122 9078 

Email : info@czdcpa.com 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-250893, No. 333-253349 and No. 333-257658) and the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-137747,
No. 333-153649, No. 333-153650 and No. 333-205218) of CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. (the Company of our report dated April
14, 2023, relating to the Company's consolidated financial statements (which report expresses an unqualified opinion with an emphasis
paragraph on the substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern), which appears in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

/s/ Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

Hong Kong, China 

April 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_cbakenergy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Yunfei Li, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CBAK Energy
Technology, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Yunfei Li 

Yunfei Li 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_cbakenergy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Xiangyu Pei, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CBAK Energy
Technology, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Xiangyu Pei 

Xiangyu Pei 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_cbakenergy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Yunfei Li, the Chief Executive
Officer of CBAK ENERGY TECHNOLOGY, INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement this 14 th day of April, 2023. 

/s/ Yunfei Li 

Yunfei Li 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. and will be retained by CBAK Energy Technology,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification
is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company,
whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_cbakenergy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Xiangyu Pei, the Interim Chief
Financial Officer of CBAK ENERGY TECHNOLOGY, INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement this 14 th day of April, 2023. 

/s/ Xiangyu Pei 

Xiangyu Pei 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to CBAK Energy Technology, Inc. and will be retained by CBAK Energy Technology,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification
is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company,
whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 cbat-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 cbat-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 cbat-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 cbat-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 cbat-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

