<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230512_10-K_edgar_data_1368637_0001493152-23-016585.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12872964</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>245252</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5380137</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2983890</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1843739</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2195527</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-016585.hdr.sgml : 20230512
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230512144821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-016585
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230512
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230512

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Petrolia Energy Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001368637
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				861061005
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52690
		FILM NUMBER:		23915026

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		710 N POST OAK, SUITE 400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		832-941-0011

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		710 N POST OAK, SUITE 400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rockdale Resources Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120514

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Art Design, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060711

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-016585.txt : 20230512

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulations S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262 (b)) by the
registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, was approximately . 

As
of May 12, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 10 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 17 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 17 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 17 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 19 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 19 

ITEM 6. (RESERVED) 
 22 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 24 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 24 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 24 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 24 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 25 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENTS INSPECTIONS 
 25 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 26 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 32 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 34 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 37 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 39 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 40 

ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY 
 43 

2 

PART
I 

Glossary
of Oil and Gas Terms 

DEVELOPED
ACREAGE. The number of acres that are allocated or assignable to productive wells or wells capable of production. 

DISPOSAL
WELL. A well employed for the disposal of salt water produced with oil into an underground formation. 

HELD
BY PRODUCTION. A provision in an oil, gas and mineral lease that perpetuates an entity s right to operate a property or concession
as long as the property or concession produces a minimum paying quantity of oil or gas. 

INJECTION
WELL. A well employed for the injection into an underground formation of water, gas or other fluid to maintain underground pressures
which would otherwise be reduced by the production of oil or gas. 

LANDOWNER S
ROYALTY. A percentage share of production, or the value derived from production, which is granted to the lessor or landowner in the oil
and gas lease, and which is free of the costs of drilling, completing, and operating an oil or gas well. 

LEASE.
Full or partial interests in an oil and gas lease, authorizing the owner thereof to drill for, reduce to possession and produce oil and
gas upon payment of rentals, bonuses and/or royalties. Oil and gas leases are generally acquired from private landowners and federal
and state governments. If a producing oil or gas well is drilled on the lease prior to the expiration of the lease, the lease will generally
remain in effect until the oil or gas production from the well ends. The owner of the lease is required to pay the owner of the leased
property a royalty which is usually between 12.5 and 25 of the gross amount received from the sale of the oil or gas produced from
the well. 

LEASE
OPERATING EXPENSES. The expenses of producing oil or gas from a formation, consisting of the costs incurred to operate and maintain wells
and related equipment and facilities, including labor costs, repair and maintenance, supplies, insurance, production, severance and other
production excise taxes. 

NET
ACRES OR WELLS. A net well or acre is deemed to exist when the sum of fractional ownership working interests in gross wells or acres
equals one. The number of net wells or acres is the sum of the fractional working interests owned in gross wells or acres expressed as
whole numbers and fractions. 

NET
REVENUE INTEREST. A percentage share of production, or the value derived from production, from an oil or gas well and which is free of
the costs of drilling, completing and operating the well. 

OVERRIDING
ROYALTY. A percentage share of production, or the value derived from production, which is free of all costs of drilling, completing and
operating an oil or gas well, and is created by the lessee or working interest owner and paid by the lessee or working interest owner
to the owner of the overriding royalty. 

PRODUCING
PROPERTY. A property (or interest therein) producing oil or gas in commercial quantities or that is shut-in but capable of producing
oil or gas in commercial quantities. Interests in a property may include working interests, production payments, royalty interests and
other non-working interests. 

PROVED
RESERVES. Those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geosciences and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty
to be economically producible, from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods,
and government regulations, prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that
renewal is reasonably certain regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. 

SHUT-IN
WELL. A well which is capable of producing oil or gas, but which is temporarily not producing due to mechanical problems or a lack of
market for the well s oil or gas. 

UNDEVELOPED
ACREAGE. Lease acres on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities
of oil and gas regardless of whether or not such acreage contains proved reserves. Undeveloped acreage should not be confused with undrilled
acreage which is Held by Production under the terms of a lease. 

WORKING
INTEREST. A percentage of ownership in an oil and gas lease granting its owner the right to explore, drill and produce oil and gas from
a tract of property. Working interest owners are obligated to pay a corresponding percentage of the cost of leasing, drilling, producing
and operating a well. After royalties are paid, the working interest also entitles its owner to share in production revenues with other
working interest owners, based on the percentage of the working interest owned. 

3 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Report contains statements which, to the extent that they do not recite historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements. These
statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and may include the words may, 
 will, could, should, would, believe, expect, anticipate, 
 estimate, intend, plan or other words or expressions of similar meaning. We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events. The forward-looking statements include statements that reflect
management s beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations and intentions with respect to our financial condition,
results of operations, future performance and business, including statements relating to our business strategy and our current and future
development plans. 

The
potential risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual financial condition, results of operations and future performance to differ
materially from those expressed or implied in this report include: 

The price of crude oil; 

The
 amount of production from oil wells in which we have an interest; 

Lease
 operating expenses; 

General
 economic conditions; and 

Other
 factors disclosed in this Report. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level
of activity, performance or achievements. Many factors discussed in this report, some of which are beyond our control, will be important
in determining our future performance. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those that might be anticipated from the
forward-looking statements. In light of these and other uncertainties, you should not regard the inclusion of a forward-looking statement
in this Report as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved, and you should not place undue reliance on such
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

You
should read the matters described in Risk Factors and the other cautionary statements made in this Report as being applicable
to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this Report. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements
in this Report will prove to be accurate and therefore prospective investors are encouraged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even though
our situation may change in the future. 

Please
see above the Glossary of Oil and Gas Terms , for a list of abbreviations and definitions used throughout this report. 

Except
where context otherwise requires and for purposes of the Annual Report on Form 10-K only: 

Petrolia , PEC , the Company ,
 we , us , our company and our refer to Petrolia Energy Corporation, and its
consolidated subsidiaries; 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC 
 or the Commission refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Securities
Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Available
Information 

We
are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, under which we file periodic reports, proxy and information
statements and other information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Copies of the reports, proxy statements
and other information may be examined on the Internet at http://www.sec.gov . 

PEC s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports (including related exhibits and supplemental schedules) filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) are made available, free of charge, through PEC s
website, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC). PEC s website address is www.petroliaenergy.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into and does
not constitute a part of this report. 

4 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

General 

We were incorporated in Colorado in 2002. In 2015,
the Company became active in the exploration and production of oil and gas properties. In 2016 the Company formally changed its name
to Petrolia Energy Corporation and redomiciled from Colorado to Texas. 

Petrolia Energy Corporation explores for, develops,
and produces crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and natural gas in producing basins in the United States of America and Canada. PEC s
principal oil and gas assets are further described in Plan of Operation below. 

As
of December 31, 2022, PEC s total estimated net proved reserves were 1,065 thousand barrels of oil equivalent (MBoe), of which
approximately 1,060 thousand barrels (MBbl) were crude oil and condensate reserves and approximately 29 million cubic feet (MMcf), or
5 MBoe, were natural gas reserves. 

As of
December 31, 2022, approximately 32 of PEC s net proved reserves, on a crude oil equivalent basis, were located in the United
States of America, and approximately 68 were located in Canada. Crude oil equivalent volumes are determined using a ratio of 1.0 barrel
of crude oil and condensate to 6.0 thousand cubic feet (Mcf) of natural gas. 

PEC s
operations are crude oil and natural gas exploration and production related. For information regarding the risks associated with PEC s
oil and gas operations, See ITEM 1A, Risk Factors. 

Plan
of Operation 

Since
2015, PEC has established a clearly defined strategy to acquire, enhance and redevelop high-quality oil and gas assets. The Company has
been focusing on assets in the United States and Canada while actively pursuing our strategy to offer low-cost operational solutions
in established oil and gas regions. We believe our mix of oil-in-place conventional plays, low-risk resource plays and the redevelopment
of our late-stage plays is a solid foundation for growth. Maintaining the lowest possible operating cost structure, coupled with efficient
and safe operations, is integral in the implementation of PEC s strategy. 

With
respect to information on PEC s working interest in wells or acreage, net oil and gas wells or acreage are determined
by multiplying gross oil and gas wells or acreage by PEC s working interest in the wells or acreage. 

Slick
Unit Dutcher Sand SUDS Field 

The
Slick Unit Dutcher Sand (SUDS) field is located in Creek County, Oklahoma. Petrolia owns a 100 working interest (WI) with an approximately
76.5 net revenue interest (NRI) in the 2,530 acre field. The SUDS West unit is approximately 1,670 acres and the SUDS East unit is approximately
860 acres. 

As
of December 31, 2022, SUDS total estimated net proved reserves were approximately 346 thousand barrels of oil equivalent (MBoe) and total
estimated net probable reserves were approximately 153 thousand barrels of oil equivalent (MBoe). 

On January 13, 2023, the Company received an Incident and Complaint Investigation
Report issued by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission (OCC) due to a mineral owner complaint. The OCC issued a plug or produce order for
SUDS West unit and SUDS East unit. The Company has received two extensions of time and is working with the OCC to implement a production
plan to bring both units into compliance. 

The
SUDS field is currently shut-in while the Company completes a review of the land and lease records currently being conducted by a petroleum
landman. PEC has also initiated a detailed reservoir and historical waterflood sweeping pattern analysis. The Company is awaiting
the outcome of an integrated review of the SUDS subsurface geology. PEC is finalizing a SUDS capital budget with the intent to commence further
field development in the third quarter of 2023. 

Twin
Lakes San Andres Unit TLSAU Field 

The
Twin Lakes San Andres Unit (TLSAU) field is located in Chaves County, New Mexico. As of December 31, 2022, it was determined that PEC
does not own any TLSAU leases, and therefore has no reserves. 

It
is estimated that PEC has 29 wells that need to be plugged and abandoned, plus surface remediated. The estimated cost of the TLSAU well
plugging and abandonment, and surface remediation obligations are approximately 1.2 million. 

5 

As
previously reported, the majority of the TLSAU leases were terminated through the Stipulated Declaratory Judgement dated July 27, 2020
in the litigation between Moon Company, Trustee of the O Brien Mineral Trust (Plaintiff) vs. Petrolia Energy Corporation (Defendant).
Additional lease acreage was lost through the Stephanie Garcia Richard, Commissioner of Public Lands of the State of New Mexico (Plaintiff)
vs. Oxy USA WTP, LP; Petrolia Energy Corp.; and Blue Sky NM Inc. (Defendants) litigation (Case No. D-101-CV-2021-00462). 

As
previously reported, the Twin Lakes San Andres Unit was terminated by the State of New Mexico Commissioner of Public Lands on August
28, 2019. 

Askarii
Resources, LLC 

Effective
February 1, 2016, the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding interests of Askarii Resources LLC, a private Texas based oil
and gas service company for the aggregate value of 50,000. The Company does not intend to further invest in the Askarii Resources,
LLC acquisition. 

Luseland,
Hearts Hill and Cuthbert fields 

On
June 29, 2018, the Company acquired a 25 working interest in approximately 41,526 acres in the Luseland, Hearts Hill, and Cuthbert fields,
located in Southwest Saskatchewan and Eastern Alberta, Canada. The working interest was acquired from Blue Sky Resources (a related party).
Blue Sky Resources had previously acquired an 80 working interest from Georox Resources Inc., who had acquired the Canadian Properties
from Cona Resources Ltd. 

On
September 17, 2018, the Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding MOU with Blue Sky Resources to obtain the
rights to acquire an additional 3 working interest, increasing our working interest to 28 . Total consideration paid from the Company
to Blue Sky Resources for the additional 3 Working Interest was 150,000. 

On
February 16, 2022, Petrolia Canada Corporation (PCC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Petrolia Energy Corporation (PEC), entered into a
Purchase and Sale Agreement (PSA) and Debt Settlement Agreement (DSA) with Prospera Energy, Inc. whereby PCC sold its 28 working interest
in the Luseland, Hearts Hill and Cuthbert fields. The agreements were effective as of October 1, 2021. 

Utikuma
Lake field 

On
May 1, 2020, Petrolia Energy Corporation acquired a 50 working interest in approximately 28,000 acres located in the Utikuma Lake area
in Alberta, Canada. The property is an oil-weighted asset currently producing a total of approximately 500 bpd of light oil. The working
interest was acquired from Blue Sky Resources in an affiliated party transaction as Zel C. Khan, the Company s former Chief Executive
Officer, is related to the ownership of Blue Sky Resources. 

Blue
Sky Resources acquired a 100 working interest in the Canadian Property from Vermilion Energy Inc. via Vermilion s subsidiary
Vermilion Resources. The effective date of the acquisition was May 1, 2020. The total purchase price of the property was 2,000,000
CAD, with 1,000,000 CAD of that total due initially. The additional 1,000,000 CAD was contingent on the future price of WTI crude.
At the time WTI price exceeded 50/bbl, the Company would pay an additional 750,000 CAD. In addition, at the time WTI price
exceeded 57/bbl the Company would pay an additional 250,000 CAD (for a cumulative contingent total of 1,000,000 CAD). The price
of WTI crude exceeded 50/bbl on January 6, 2021 and exceeded 57/bbl on February 8, 2021. The additional payments due were netted
with the accounts receivable balance from previous Joint Interest Billing statements from BSR. The total USD value of the addition
was 787,250 USD, using prevailing exchange rates on the respective dates. Included in the terms of the agreement, the Company also
funded their portion of the Alberta Energy Regulator AER bond fund requirement 763,754 CAD 563,904 USD),
necessary for the wells to continue in production after the acquisition. Additional funds in the amount of 490,624 CAD 362,245
USD) remain in the other current asset balance for future payments to BSR, related to the acquisition. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Utikuma total estimated net proved reserves were approximately 719 thousand barrels of oil equivalent (MBoe) and
total estimated net probable reserves were approximately 177 thousand barrels of oil equivalent (MBoe). 

On May 5, 2023, the Company was notified by Blue Sky
Resources (BSR), the operator of our Utikuma asset that the Province of Alberta has declared a state of emergency due to wildfires in
Alberta. We were informed that because of wildfires in the vicinity of our Utikuma oilfield assets, the field was shut in and all personnel
were evacuated, and that the highway to the Slave Lake area has been closed. Early assessments of the situation indicate that our Utikuma
facilities may have incurred major damage. 

6 

The
following table shows our productive wells, developed acreage, and undeveloped acreage as of December 31, 2022, for the Oklahoma and Alberta properties: 

State/Province 
 Productive Wells 
 Developed Acreage 
 Undeveloped Acreage (1) 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 
 Oklahoma 
 24 
 24 
 2,530 
 2,530 
 0 
 0 

Alberta 
 55 
 28 
 28,000 
 14,000 
 0 
 0 

(1) 
 Undeveloped
 acreage includes leasehold interests on which wells have not been drilled or completed to the point that would permit the production
 of commercial quantities of natural gas and oil regardless of whether the leasehold interest is classified as containing proved undeveloped
 reserves. 

Proved
Reserves 

Below
is a table that provides historical average sales price per barrel and average production cost per barrel by geographical location and
by year, for the last three (3) fiscal years. 

Average Sales Price (per Bbls) ) 
 Average Production Cost (per Bbls) ) 
 Oil Production (Bbls) 
 
 Oklahoma 

2020 
 38.18 
 319.75 
 810 
 
 2021 
 47.31 
 173.43 
 341 
 
 2022 
 70.69 
 324.58 
 86 
 
 New Mexico (1) 

2020 
 33.31 
 94.16 
 309 
 
 2021 
 (1 
 (1 
 (1 
 
 2022 
 (1 
 (1 
 (1 
 
 Alberta / Saskatchewan 

2020 
 30.42 
 35.92 
 94,016 
 
 2021 
 57.72 
 47.60 
 97,084 
 
 2022 
 85.16 
 76.73 
 80,333 

(1) 
 Note
 that in 2022 and 2021 no sales or production occurred for the New Mexico properties. The Twin Lakes San Andres Unit was terminated by the State of New Mexico
Commissioner of Public Lands on August 28, 2019. 

7 

Below
are estimates of our cumulative net proved reserves of all fields, as of December 31, 2022, net to our interest. Our proved reserves
are located in Oklahoma and Canada. 

Estimates
of volumes of proved reserves at December 31, 2022 are presented in barrels (Bbls) for oil and, for natural gas, in thousands of cubic
feet (Mcf) at the official temperature and pressure bases of the areas in which the gas reserves are located. 

Oil
 (Bbls) 
 Gas
 (Mcf) 
 
 Proved: 

Developed 

USA 
 324,490 

Canada 
 714,460 
 20,020 
 
 Undeveloped 

USA 
 21,360 

Canada 
 
 9,260 
 
 Total 
 1,060,310 
 29,280 

Bbl
 refers to one barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, in reference to crude oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 

Mcf
 refers to one thousand cubic feet. 

Below
are estimates of our present value of estimated future net revenues from our proved reserves based upon the standardized measure of discounted
future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserves in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 932, Extractive Activities Oil and Gas. The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows is determined by using
estimated quantities of proved reserves and the periods in which they are expected to be developed and produced based on period-end economic
conditions. The estimated future production is based upon benchmark prices that reflect the unweighted arithmetic average of the first
day-of-the-month price for oil and gas during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. The resulting estimated future cash inflows
are then reduced by estimated future costs to develop and produce reserves based on period-end cost levels. No deduction has been made
for depletion, depreciation or for indirect costs, such as general corporate overhead. Present values were computed by discounting future
net revenues by 10 per year. 

Future cash inflows 
 95,454,352 
 
 Deductions (including estimated taxes) 
 (51,841,258 
 
 Future net cash flow 
 43,613,094 
 
 Discounted future net cash flow 
 22,831,094 

MKM
Engineering prepared the estimates of our proved reserves, future production, and income attributable to our leasehold interests in the
United States and Canada as of December 31, 2022. Michele Mudrone was the technical person primarily responsible for overseeing the preparation
of the reserve report. Ms. Mudrone has more than 27 years of practical experience in the estimation and evaluation of petroleum reserves.
MKM Engineering is an independent petroleum engineering firm that provides petroleum consulting services to the oil and gas industry.
The estimates of drilled reserves, future production, and income attributable to certain leasehold and royalty interests are based on
technical analysis conducted by engineers employed at MKM Engineering. 

It
should be noted that as of December 31, 2022, all reserves were written off for the TLSAU assets, because it was determined that all TLSAU
leases had been terminated or expired. 

Mark
Allen, our CEO, oversaw preparation of the reserve estimates by MKM Engineering. We do not have a reserve committee and we do not have
any specific internal controls regarding the estimates of our reserves. 

8 

Our
proved reserves include only those amounts which we reasonably expect to recover in the future from known oil and gas reservoirs under
existing economic and operating conditions, at current prices and costs, under existing regulatory practices and with existing technology.
Accordingly, any changes in prices, operating and development costs, regulations, technology, or other factors could significantly increase
or decrease estimates of proved reserves. 

Proved
reserves were estimated by performance methods, the volumetric method, analogy, or a combination of methods utilizing present economic
conditions and limited to those proved reserves economically recoverable. The performance methods include decline curve analysis that
utilize extrapolations of historical production and pressure data available through December 31, 2022, in those cases where such data
was considered to be definitive. 

Forecasts
for future production rates are based on historical performance from wells currently on production in the region with an economic cut-off
for production based upon the projected net revenue being equal to the projected operating expenses. No further reserves or valuation
were given to any wells beyond their economic cut-off. Where no production decline trends have been established due to the limited historical
production records from wells on the properties, surrounding wells historical production records were used and extrapolated to wells
of the property. Where applicable, the actual calculated present decline rate of any well was used to determine future production volumes
to be economically recovered. The calculated present rate of decline was then used to determine the present economic life of the production
from the reservoir. 

For
wells currently on production, forecasts of future production rates were based on historical performance data. If no production decline
trend has been established, future production rates were held constant, or adjusted for the effects of curtailment where appropriate,
until a decline in ability to produce was anticipated. An estimated rate of decline was then applied to economic depletion of the reserves.
If a decline trend has been established, this trend was used as the basis for estimating future production rates. 

Proved
developed non-producing and undeveloped reserves were estimated primarily by the performance and historical extrapolation methods. Test
data and other related information were used to estimate the anticipated initial production rates from those wells or locations that
are not currently producing. For reserves not yet on production, sales were estimated to commence at a date we determined to be reasonable. 

In
general, the volume of production from our oil and gas properties declines as reserves are depleted. Except to the extent we acquire
additional properties containing proved reserves or conduct successful exploration and development activities, or both, our proved reserves
will decline as reserves are produced. Accordingly, volumes generated from our future activities are highly dependent upon the level
of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves and the costs incurred in doing so. 

Government
Regulation 

Various
state, province and federal agencies regulate the production and sale of oil and natural gas. All states and provinces in which we plan
to operate impose restrictions on the drilling, production, transportation and sale of oil and natural gas. 

Our
sale of oil and natural gas liquids will not be regulated and will be at market prices. The price received from the sale of these products
will be affected by the cost of transporting the products to market. Much of that transportation is through interstate common carrier
pipelines. 

Federal,
state, and local agencies have promulgated extensive rules and regulations applicable to our oil and natural gas exploration, production,
and related operations. Most states require permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds and the filing of reports concerning operations,
and impose other requirements relating to the exploration of oil and natural gas. Many states also have statutes or regulations addressing
conservation matters including provisions for the unitization or pooling of oil and natural gas properties, the establishment of maximum
rates of production from oil and natural gas wells and the regulation of spacing, plugging and abandonment of such wells. The statutes
and regulations of some states limit the rate at which oil and natural gas is produced from our properties. The federal and state regulatory
burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases our cost of doing business and affects our profitability. Because these rules and
regulations are amended or reinterpreted frequently, we are unable to predict the future cost or impact of complying with those laws. 

9 

Competition
and Marketing 

We
will be faced with strong competition from many other companies and individuals engaged in the oil and gas business. Many are very large,
well-established energy companies with substantial capabilities and established earnings records. We may be at a competitive disadvantage
in acquiring oil and gas prospects since we must compete with these individuals and companies, many of which have greater financial resources
and larger technical staffs. It is nearly impossible to estimate the number of competitors; however, it is known that there are many
companies and individuals in the oil and gas business. 

Exploration
for and production of oil and gas are affected by the availability of pipe, casing and other tubular goods and certain other oil field
equipment including drilling rigs and tools. We will depend upon independent drilling contractors to furnish rigs, equipment, and tools
to drill our wells. Higher prices for oil and gas may result in competition among operators for drilling equipment, tubular goods and
drilling crews which may affect our ability to expeditiously drill, complete, recomplete and work-over wells. 

The
market for oil and gas is dependent upon several factors beyond our control, which at times cannot be accurately predicted. These factors
include the proximity of wells to natural gas pipelines, the extent of competitive domestic production and imports
of oil and gas, the availability of other sources of energy, fluctuations in seasonal supply and demand, and governmental regulation.
In addition, there is always the possibility that new legislation may be enacted that would impose price controls or additional taxes
upon crude oil or natural gas, or both. Oversupplies of crude oil and natural gas can be expected to recur from time to time and may
result in the producing wells being shut in. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has zero full-time employees and zero part-time employees, and two contractors. As of May 12, 2023,
the Company has zero full-time employees and zero part-time employees, and two contractors. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

In
addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all businesses, important factors that are
specific to us and our industry could materially impact our future performance and results of operations. We have provided below a list
of known material risk factors that should be reviewed when considering buying or selling our securities. These are not all the risks
we face, and other factors currently considered immaterial or unknown to us may impact our future operations. 

Capital
Requirements 

We
will need to raise funds from additional financing in the future to complete our business plan and may need to raise additional funding
in the future to support our operations. We have no commitments for any financing and any financing commitments may result in dilution
to our existing stockholders. We may have difficulty obtaining additional funding, and we may have to accept terms that would adversely
affect our stockholders. For example, the terms of any future financing may impose restrictions on our right to declare dividends or
on the way we conduct our business. Additionally, we may raise funding by issuing convertible notes, which if converted into shares of
our common stock would dilute our then stockholders interests. If we are unable to raise additional funds, we may be forced to
curtail or even abandon our business plan. 

Commodity
Prices 

The
price we receive for our oil directly affects our revenues, profitability, access to capital and future rate of growth. Oil is a commodity
that is subject to wide price fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand. Lower prices for our oil may not only decrease
our revenues but may also reduce the amount of oil that we can produce economically. Historically, the markets for oil have been somewhat
volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. The prices we receive for our production and the volume of our production depend
on numerous factors beyond our control. These factors include the following: changes in global supply and demand for oil, the actions
of OPEC, the price and quantity of imports of foreign oil, acts of war, inflation rates, economic growth, terrorism or political instability
in oil producing countries and economic conditions. 

10 

Accounting
Rules 

Accounting
rules applicable to us require that we periodically review the carrying value of our oil properties for possible impairment. Based on
specific market factors and circumstances at the time of prospective impairment reviews and the continuing evaluation of development
plans, production data, economics, and other factors, we could be required to write down the carrying value of our oil and natural gas
properties. Such write-downs constitute a non-cash charge to earnings. Impairment of proved properties under our full cost oil accounting
method is largely driven by the present values of future net revenues of proved reserves estimated using SEC mandated 12-month un-weighted
first-day-of-the-month commodity prices. No assurance can be given that we will not experience ceiling test impairments in future periods,
which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the periods taken. As a result of lower oil prices, we may
also reduce our estimates of the reserve volumes that may be economically recovered, which would reduce the total value of our proved
reserves. 

Reserve
Categories 

Our
undeveloped proved reserves and developed non-producing proved reserves require additional investment and/or activities to convert these
into producing reserves. We cannot provide assurance these expenditures will be made and that activities will be entirely successful
in converting these reserves. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that all our undeveloped and developed non-producing reserves will
ultimately be produced during the time periods we have planned, at the costs we have budgeted, or at all, which could result in the write-off
of previously recognized reserves. 

Reserve
Replacement 

Our
future success depends largely upon our ability to find, develop, or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically
recoverable. Unless we replace the reserves we produce through successful exploration, development or acquisition activities, our proved
reserves and production will decline over time. Our exploration, development and acquisition activities require substantial capital expenditure.
The capital markets we have historically accessed may be constrained. Limitations in the capital markets may affect our ability to grow
and changes in our capitalization structure may significantly affect our financial risk profile. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that
financing for future capital expenditures will be available if needed, and to the extent required, on acceptable terms. 

Future
cash flows are subject to several variables, such as the level of production from existing wells, the prices of oil and our success in
developing and producing new reserves. Any reductions in our capital expenditures to stay within internally generated cash flow (which
could be adversely affected by declining commodity prices) and cash on hand will make replacing produced reserves more difficult. If
our cash flow from operations and cash on hand are not sufficient to fund our capital expenditure budget, we may be limited in our ability
to access additional debt, equity, or other methods of financing on an economic or timely basis to replace our proved reserves. 

Asset
Retirement Obligations: 

We
are required to record a liability for the present value of our asset retirement obligation ARO to plug and abandon inactive
non-producing wells, facilities, and equipment, and to restore the land at the end of oil production operations. As a result, we may
make significant increases or decreases to our estimated ARO in future periods. Accordingly, our estimate of future ARO could differ
dramatically from what we may ultimately incur. 

Drilling
and Well Completion Success 

Our
development activities may be unsuccessful for many reasons, including adverse weather conditions, cost overruns, equipment shortages,
geological issues, and mechanical difficulties. Moreover, the successful drilling of an oil well does not assure us that we will realize
a profit on our investment. A variety of factors, both geological and market-related, can cause a well to become uneconomical or only
marginally economical. In addition to their costs, unsuccessful wells hinder our efforts to replace reserves. 

11 

Our
oil exploration and production activities, including well stimulation and completion activities which include, among other things, hydraulic
fracturing, involve a variety of operating risks, including fires, explosions, blow-outs and surface craters, uncontrollable flows of
oil and formation water, etc. If we experience any of these problems, well bores, gathering systems and processing facilities could be
affected, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct operations. We could also incur substantial losses because of injury or
loss of life, damage to and destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution, and other environmental damage. 

Acquisition
Success 

Our
business strategy includes growing by making acquisitions, which may include acquisitions of exploration and production companies, producing
properties and undeveloped leasehold interests. Our acquisition of oil and natural gas properties requires assessments of many factors
that are inherently inexact and may be inaccurate, including the acceptable prices for available properties, amounts of recoverable reserves,
estimates of future oil prices, estimates of future exploratory, development and operating costs, estimates of the costs and timing of
plugging, and abandonment and estimates of potential environmental and other liabilities. 

If
we make acquisitions in the future, funding permitting, which may not be available on favorable terms, we could have difficulty integrating
the acquired company s assets, personnel, and operations with our own. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired business
may not be willing to work for us. We cannot predict the effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we are
successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management, and increase our expenses. 

In
addition to the risks described above, acquisitions are accompanied by a number of inherent risks, including, without limitation, the
following: the difficulty of integrating acquired products, services or operations; the potential disruption of the ongoing businesses
and distraction of our management and the management of acquired companies; difficulties in maintaining uniform standards, controls,
procedures and policies; the potential impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new
management personnel; the potential inability or failure to achieve additional sales; the effect of any government regulations which
relate to the business acquired; potential unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses or product lines, or the defense of
any litigation, whether or not successful, resulting from actions of the acquired company prior to our acquisition; and potential expenses
under the labor, environmental and other laws of various jurisdictions. 

Capital
Deployment Risk 

Exploring
for and developing hydrocarbon reserves involves a high degree of operational and financial risk, which prevents us from definitively
predicting the costs involved and time required to reach certain objectives. The budgeted costs of planning, drilling, completing, and
operating wells are often exceeded, and such costs can increase significantly due to various complications that may arise during the
drilling and operating processes. Before a well is spud, we may incur significant geological and geophysical costs, which are
incurred whether a well eventually produces commercial quantities of hydrocarbons or is drilled at all. Exploration wells bear a much
greater risk of loss than development wells. The analogies we draw from available data from other wells, more fully explored locations
or producing fields may not be applicable to our drilling locations. If our actual drilling and development costs are significantly more
than our estimated costs, we may not be able to continue our operations as proposed and could be forced to modify our drilling plans
accordingly. 

If
we decide to drill a certain location, there is a risk that no commercially productive oil or natural gas reservoirs will be found or
produced. We may drill or participate in new wells that are not productive. We may drill wells that are productive, but that do not produce
sufficient net revenues to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs. There is no way to predict in advance of drilling
and testing whether any location will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover exploration, drilling or completion
costs or to be economically viable. Even if sufficient amounts of oil or natural gas exist, we may damage the potentially productive
hydrocarbon-bearing formation or experience mechanical difficulties while drilling or completing the well, resulting in a reduction in
production and reserves from the well or abandonment of the well. 

12 

Whether
a well is ultimately productive and profitable depends on a number of additional factors, including the following: general economic and
industry conditions, including the prices received for oil and natural gas; shortages of, or delays in, obtaining equipment, and qualified
personnel; potential drainage by operators on adjacent properties; loss of or damage to oilfield development and service tools; problems
with title to the underlying properties; increases in severance taxes; adverse weather conditions that delay drilling activities or cause
producing wells to be shut down; domestic and foreign governmental regulations; and proximity to and capacity of transportation facilities.
If we do not drill productive and profitable wells in the future, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected. 

We
review our long-lived tangible and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable. We also test our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually
on December 31 of each year, or when events or changes in the business environment indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit
may exceed its fair value. If conditions in any of the businesses in which we compete were to deteriorate, we could determine that certain
of our assets were impaired and we would then be required to write-off all or a portion of our costs for such assets. Any such significant
write-offs would adversely affect our balance sheet and results of operations. 

Economic
Uncertainty 

Global
economic conditions continue to be volatile and uncertain due to, among other things, consumer confidence in future economic conditions,
fears of recession and trade wars, the price of energy, fluctuating interest rates, the availability and cost of consumer credit, the
availability and timing of government stimulus programs, levels of unemployment, increased inflation, and tax rates. These conditions
remain unpredictable and create uncertainties about our ability to raise capital in the future. In the event required capital becomes
unavailable in the future, or more costly, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

Inflation 

Our
industry and the broader US economy have experienced higher than expected inflationary pressures recently, related to continued
supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and geopolitical instability. Should these conditions persist in our business, the results
of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Recent years have seen significant increases
in the costs of certain services and materials, including steel, rig rates and fuel, as a result of availability constraints, supply
chain disruption, increased demand, labor shortages associated with a fully employed US labor force, high inflation, interest rates
and other factors, with supply and demand fundamentals being further aggravated by disruptions in global energy supply caused by
multiple geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. While the Company is cautiously optimistic
that such costs have plateaued and will hold at current levels as we have not seen significant cost increases thus far in 2023,
supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures may continue to adversely impact our operating costs and may negatively impact
our ability to procure materials and equipment in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, which could result in reduced
margins and production delays and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially and adversely affected. 

Climate
Change 

Local,
state, federal and international regulatory bodies have been increasingly focused on Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions and climate
change issues in recent years. The U.S. Congress has, from time to time, proposed legislation for imposing restrictions or
requiring fees or carbon taxes for GHG emissions. Some governing agencies impose a methane emissions charge on certain oil
and gas facilities, including onshore and offshore petroleum and natural gas production facilities, that exceed certain emissions
thresholds. The charges will be levied annually based on emissions reported under the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) GHG reporting program. The EPA is expected to publish regulations specific to the calculation of such annual
charges. PEC does not currently expect such annual methane emissions charges to have a material impact on its financial
condition, results of operations, capital expenditures or operations. In addition to the EPA s rule requiring annual reporting
of GHG emissions from covered facilities, the EPA has adopted regulations for certain large sources regulating GHG emissions as
pollutants under the federal Clean Air Act. 

Cash
Management 

Our
cash flows from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including: our estimated proved oil and natural
gas reserves; the amount of oil and natural gas we produce from existing wells; the prices at which we sell our production; the costs
of developing and producing our oil and natural gas reserves; our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves; the ability and
willingness of banks to lend to us; and our ability to access the equity and debt capital markets. In addition, future events, such as
terrorist attacks, wars or combat peace-keeping missions, financial market disruptions, general economic recessions, inflation, oil and
natural gas industry recessions, large company bankruptcies, accounting scandals and disruptions in the financial and capital markets
have caused financial institutions, credit rating agencies and the public to more closely review the financial statements, capital structures
and earnings of public companies, including energy companies. Such events have constrained the capital available to the energy industry
in the past, and such events or similar events could adversely affect our access to funding for our operations in the future. 

If
our revenues decrease as a result of lower oil and natural gas prices, operating difficulties, declines in reserves or for any other
reason, we may have limited ability to obtain the capital necessary to sustain our operations at current levels, further develop and
exploit our current properties or invest in additional exploration opportunities. 

Alternatively,
a significant improvement in oil and natural gas prices or other factors could result in an increase in our capital expenditures, and
we may be required to alter or increase our capitalization substantially through the issuance of debt or equity securities, the sale
of production payments, the sale or farm out of interests in our assets, the borrowing of funds or otherwise to meet any increase in
capital needs. If we are unable to raise additional capital from available sources at acceptable terms, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, future debt financings may require that a portion of our cash flows provided
by operating activities be used for the payment of principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flows
to fund working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. 

13 

Debt
financing may involve covenants that restrict our business activities. If we succeed in selling additional equity securities to raise
funds, at such time the ownership percentage of our existing shareholders would be diluted, and new investors may demand rights, preferences
or privileges senior to those of existing shareholders. If we choose to farm-out interests in our prospects, we may lose operating control
over such prospects. 

Terrorist
Attack 

We
cannot assess the extent of either the threat or the potential impact of future terrorist attacks on the energy industry in general,
and on us in particular, either in the short-term or in the long-term. Uncertainty surrounding such hostilities may affect our operations
in unpredictable ways, including the possibility that infrastructure facilities, including pipelines, and gathering systems, production
facilities, processing plants and refineries, could be targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror, a cyber-attack or electronic
security breach, or an act of war. 

Production
Growth 

In
addition, there is an inherent risk of incurring significant environmental costs and liabilities in the performance of our operations,
some of which may be material, due to our handling of petroleum hydrocarbons and wastes, our emissions to air and water, the underground
injection or other disposal of our wastes, the use of hydraulic fracturing fluids and historical industry operations and waste disposal
practices. 

The
rate of production from our oil and natural gas properties will decline as our reserves are depleted. Our future oil and natural gas
reserves and production and, therefore, our income and cash flow, are highly dependent on our success in (a) efficiently developing and
exploiting our current reserves on properties owned by us or by other persons or entities and (b) economically finding or acquiring additional
oil and natural gas producing properties. In the future, we may have difficulty acquiring new properties. During periods of low oil and/or
natural gas prices, it will become more difficult to raise the capital necessary to finance expansion activities. If we are unable to
replace our production, our reserves will decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely
affected. 

Technology
and Innovation 

Our
industry is subject to rapid and significant advancements in technology, including the introduction of new products and services using
new technologies and databases. As our competitors use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage, and
competitive pressures may force us to implement new technologies at a substantial cost. In addition, many of our competitors will have
greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and may in the future allow them
to implement new technologies before we can. We cannot be certain that we will be able to implement technologies on a timely basis or
at a cost that is acceptable to us. One or more of the technologies that we will use or that we may implement in the future may become
obsolete, and we may be adversely affected. 

Consumer
Confidence 

Our
results of operations may be materially affected by the conditions of the global economies and the credit, commodities, and stock markets.
Among other things, we may be adversely impacted if consumers of oil and gas are not able to access sufficient capital to continue to
operate their businesses or to operate them at prior levels. A decline in consumer confidence or changing patterns in the availability
and use of disposable income by consumers can negatively affect the demand for oil and gas and as a result our results of operations. 

Alternative
Energy 

Because
our operations depend on the demand for oil, any improvement in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies (such as wind,
solar, geothermal, fuel cells and biofuels) that increase the use of alternative forms of energy and reduce the demand for oil, gas and
oil and gas related products could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

14 

Non-operated
Assets 

Some
of the properties in which we have an interest are operated by other companies and involve third-party working interest owners. As a
result, we have limited ability to influence or control the operation or future development of such properties, including compliance
with environmental, safety and other regulations, or the amount of capital expenditures that we will be required to fund with respect
to such properties. Additionally, a third-party operator could also decide to shut-in or curtail production from wells or plug and abandon
marginal wells. These limitations and our dependence on the operator and third-party working interest owners for these projects could
cause us to incur unexpected future costs, lower production and materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Unfavorable
Currency Exchange 

The
reporting currency for our financial statements is the U.S. dollar. However, certain of our subsidiaries are located in countries other
than the U.S. and have functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of these foreign
subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. To prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate
those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates. Consequently, increases and decreases
in the value of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements. 

Reserve
Valuation 

The
process of estimating oil reserves is complex. It requires interpretations of available technical data and many assumptions, including
assumptions relating to economic factors. Any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions could materially affect
the estimated quantities and the calculation of the present value of our reserves. To prepare our year-end reserve estimates, our independent
petroleum consultant projected our production rates and timing of development expenditures. Our independent petroleum consultant also
analyzed available geological, geophysical, production and engineering data. The extent, quality and reliability of this data can vary
and may not be under our control. The process also requires economic assumptions about matters such as oil and natural gas prices, operating
expenses, capital expenditures, taxes, and availability of funds. Therefore, estimates of oil and natural gas reserves are inherently
imprecise. 

You
should not assume that the present value of future net revenues from our proved oil and natural gas reserves is the current market value
of our estimated oil and natural gas reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, we base the estimated discounted future net cash
flows from our proved reserves on the 12-month un-weighted first-day-of-the-month average price for each product and costs in effect
on the date of the estimate. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the present value estimate. 

Future
Regulations 

Our
operations and facilities are subject to extensive federal, state, province and local laws and regulations relating to the exploration,
development, production and transportation of oil and natural gas and operational safety. Future laws or regulations, any adverse change
in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations or our failure to comply with such legal requirements may harm our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

Employee
Retention 

To
a large extent, we depend on the services of our senior management. The loss of the services of any of our senior management could have
a negative impact on our operations. We do not maintain or plan to obtain for the benefit of the Company any insurance against the loss
of any of these individuals. 

15 

Equity
Dilution 

Our
board of directors may use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash consideration
will consist of shares of our common stock, preferred stock or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. Our board of directors
has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares of common stock,
preferred stock or warrants to purchase such shares of common stock. In addition, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of
our common stock, possibly at a discount to market in the future. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of
existing shareholders and may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve
to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control, because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed
to supporting existing management. 

Illiquid
and Volatile Equity Environment 

On September 27, 2022, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA pulled the Company s stock symbol due to inactivity in the Company s security for a year. As such, there is no public market
for our common stock. The Company is taking steps to become current in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and upon
becoming current in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, it plans to engage a market maker to file a Form 15c2-11
with FINRA and obtain a stock symbol. There can be no assurance that FINRA will approve the Form 15c2-11 or that the Company s common
stock will be publicly quoted again. In the event our common stock is publicly traded in the future, variables that could affect our future
stock price or result in fluctuations in the market price or trading volume of our common stock include:

our
 actual or anticipated operating and financial performance and drilling locations, including reserves estimates; 

quarterly
 variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators, such as net income per share, net income, and cash flows, or those
 of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

changes
 in revenue, cash flows or earnings estimates or publication of reports by equity research analysts. 

public
 reaction to our press releases, announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

sales
 of our common stock by us or other shareholders, or the perception that such sales may occur; 

the
 limited amount of our freely tradable common stock available in the public marketplace; 

general
 financial market conditions and oil and natural gas industry market conditions, including fluctuations in commodity prices; 

the
 realization of any of the risk factors presented in this Annual Report; 

the
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation; 

the
 prices of oil and natural gas; 

the
 success of our exploration and development operations, and the marketing of any oil and natural gas we produce; 

changes
 in market valuations of companies similar to ours; and 

domestic
 and international economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance. 

If and when
our stock trades again, of which there is no assurance, our future stock price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or
disproportionate to our operating performance. The stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the future
trading price of our common stock. Additionally, general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest
rates or international currency fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Due to the historical
limited volume of our shares which trade, we believe that our future stock prices (bid, ask and closing prices) may not be related
to our actual value, and not reflect the actual value of our common stock. Shareholders and potential investors in our common stock
should exercise extreme caution before making any future investment in our Company. 

Additionally,
as a result of the historical illiquidity of our common stock, investors may not be interested in owning our common stock because of
the inability to acquire or sell a substantial block of our common stock at one time. Such illiquidity could have an adverse effect on
the market price of our common stock. In addition, a shareholder may not be able to borrow funds using our common stock as collateral
because lenders may be unwilling to accept the pledge of securities having such a limited market. We cannot assure you that a future
trading market for our common stock will develop or, if one develops, be sustained. Extreme caution should be taken when considering
the future purchase of Petrolia s common stock. 

Administrative
Proceedings; Lack of Public Market for Common Stock 

File
No. 3-20724 was filed by the SEC seeking to revoke the registration of each class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of
the Exchange Act. The Company has filed a response to the SEC s motion, but there is no assurance that the Company will be successful,
and that the registration of the Company s securities will not be revoked. There can be no assurance that FINRA will approve the Form 15c2-11 or that the Company s common stock will
be publicly quoted again. In the event our common stock is not publicly quoted in the future, shareholders will be forced to hold their
shares indefinitely, and our securities may have no value. 

16 

On
September 27, 2022, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA pulled the Company s stock symbol due to
inactivity in the Company s security for a year. The Company is taking steps to become current in its filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and upon becoming current in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, it plans to engage a market
maker to file a Form 15c2-11 with FINRA and obtain a stock symbol. 

Unanticipated problems at, or downtime effecting,
our facilities and those operated by third parties on which we rely, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

The occurrence of significant unforeseen conditions
or events in connection with the operation or maintenance of our facilities, such as the need to refurbish such facilities, complete
capital projects at such facilities, shortages of workers or materials, adverse weather, including, but not limited to lightning strikes,
floods, hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes, equipment failures, fires, explosions, oil or other leaks, damage to or destruction of
property and equipment associated therewith, environmental releases and/or damage, government regulation changes affecting the use of
such facilities, terrorist attacks, mechanical or physical failures of equipment, acts of God, or other conditions or events, could prevent
us from operating our facilities, or prevent such third parties from operating their facilities, or could force us or such third parties
to shut such facilities down for repairs, maintenance, refurbishment or upgrades for a significant period of time. 

For example, on May 5, 2023, the Company was notified
by BSR, the operator of our Utikuma asset that the Province of Alberta has declared a state of emergency due to wildfires in Alberta.
We were informed that because of wildfires in the vicinity of our oilfield assets, the field was shut in and all personnel were evacuated,
and that the highway to the Slave Lake area has been closed. Early assessments of the situation indicate that our Utikuma facilities
may have incurred major damage. 

While the Company believes that it maintains adequate
insurance coverage in connection with its facilities, insurance may not cover all damages/losses, and/or such coverages may not apply
to specific damages/losses. 

In the event any of our facilities or those of third
parties on which we rely are offline for an extended period of time (including, but to limited to our Utikuma facilities), it could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations and consequently the price of our securities. Furthermore, any material damage/loss
at any facility not covered by insurance may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and consequently the price of
our securities. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable to the Company as a smaller reporting / non-accelerated filer . 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Our
principal office is located at 710 N. Post Oak Rd., Suite 400, Houston, Texas 77024. 

On
December 31, 2020, we entered into an executive office sharing agreement which allows the Company to use approximately 800 square feet
of work space, on an as needed basis. The space costs 100 per month and is contracted on a month-to-month basis. The contract is still in effect. 

The
Company s oil and gas properties are described under Item 1. Business , above, and below under Note 4. Evaluated
Properties in the consolidated audited financial statements attached hereto. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

On
December 30, 2021, the Company reached a settlement with Argonaut Insurance Company (Argo), regarding a final judgement of 52,749 that
had been issued on March 6, 2018. The Company paid Argo a lump sum of 15,000 in full satisfaction of the original judgement. 

On
January 28, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed an Order Instituting Administrative Proceedings and Notice of Hearing
Pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months or revoke the registration
of each class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act of the Company. The Division of Enforcement at the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Division filed a Motion for Summary Disposition in this matter and the Company
filed a Response to the Motion for Summary Disposition in April 2022. On May 5, 2022, the Division filed its Response in Support of its
Motion for Summary Disposition. On April 18, 2023, the Company was ordered to submit a brief by May 16, 2023, regarding the Company s remedial
efforts since these proceedings were instituted. Among other things, the Company is asked to address the extent of the issuer s
efforts to remedy its past violations and ensure future compliance and the credibility of its assurances, if any, against
further violations. In addition, the Company is asked to explain why it failed to comply with its proposed schedule and its representation
that it would immediately acquiesce to revocation of its registration if it failed to do so. The Company plans to submit
such brief by May 16, 2023. 

The Company and Petrolia Canada Corporation Petrolia Canada ), an affiliate of Petrolia, filed
a lawsuit in the 133 rd Judicial District Court, Harris County Texas (Cause No. 2022-15278), against Jovian Petroleum Corporation,
Zel Khan Khan and Quinten Beasley Beasley (collectively, the Defendants ). 

In
the petition against the Defendants, Petrolia and Petrolia Canada alleged causes of action for fraud and breach of contract against all
the named Defendants and breach of fiduciary duty claims against Defendants Zel Khan and Quinten Beasley. Defendant Zel Khan was a former
CEO and Director of Petrolia, and Defendant Quinten Beasley was a former Senior Vice President and Director of Petrolia Canada. 

17 

Petrolia
and Petrolia Canada demanded a jury trial and are seeking monetary relief of more than 1 million against the Defendants. 

In
April and May 2022, each of the Defendants filed an Original Answer, generally denying all of the allegations of Petrolia and Petrolia
Canada. 

Subsequently,
in September 2022, Defendants filed an amended answer and counterclaims. Pursuant to the amended answer, Defendants generally denied
the allegations of Petrolia and Petrolia Canada and are seeking indemnification under the Company s governing documents and statutory
provisions. 

Beasley
is seeking repayment of the outstanding balance of 5,000 plus accrued interest 4,710) allegedly owed to him by the Company in connection
with a promissory note entered into with the Company on July 14, 2016. 

In
September 2022, Joel Oppenheim Oppenheim and Critical Update, Inc., owned by Beasley Critical Update 
and collectively with Oppenheim, the Intervenors ), filed a Petition in Intervention. Oppenheim alleges that he advanced
at least 797,000 to the Company from 2015 to 2019 (including 416,900 alleged owed under a loan agreement) and that he also provided
various certificates of deposit to the Company in the aggregate amount of 258,251. Oppenheim is seeking return of amounts advanced with
interest, a declaratory judgment establishing the amount of Company stock and warrants owed to him, and attorney s fees. Separately,
Critical Update is seeking 120,000 CAD alleged owed to it in consideration for services rendered to Petrolia Canada, plus interest and
attorney s fees. 

On
October 11, 2022, Petrolia and Petrolia Canada filed a general denial of all the Defendants counterclaims. 

Subsequently,
on December 6, 2022, Oppenheim filed a motion for severance asking the court to sever his breach of loan agreement claim from the other
claims in this lawsuit and adjudicate the claim as Cause No. 2022-15278-B. The same day, Oppenheim also filed a motion for partial summary
judgment on his breach of loan agreement claim. On December 22, 2022, Oppenheim filed a separate lawsuit and application for temporary
injunction (Cause No. 2022-83054) in the 157 th Judicial District Court, Harris County Texas against the Company and Petrolia
Canada and their individual board members. That action is a shareholder derivative lawsuit filed against the Company alleging, among
other things, breach of duty of loyalty and breach of duty of obedience, as well as seeking to compel a shareholder meeting and seeking
expedited discovery. On December 30, 2022, Jovian Petroleum Corporation filed a petition in intervention to join this newly filed lawsuit. 

In
January 2023, Petrolia and Petrolia Canada filed a motion to strike the intervention of Oppenheim and on February 3, 2023, Oppenheim
filed a response to that motion arguing that such intervention is proper. Such motions are still pending with the court. 

On
February 9, 2023, Edna Meyer-Nelson, Suzanne Klein, and Laura S. Ward (the First Additional Intervenors ), each
a shareholder of the Company, filed a separate Petition in Intervention to join in Oppenheim s derivative suit against the
Company. 

On
March 2, 2023, Dr. Marvin Chasen and Billie Mae Chasen (the Second Additional Intervenors , and together with the First Additional Intervenor), filed a separate Petition
in Intervention to join in Oppenheim s derivative suit against the Company. 

The
Additional Intervenors are seeking an order compelling an annual shareholder meeting of the Company; a temporary injunction requiring
the Defendants to hold an annual and special meeting of the shareholders of the Company within 30 days to elect directors of the Company
and conduct such other proper business as may come before it; a temporary injunction enjoining the Defendant Directors from voting their
Series B Preferred Shares; an order combining the hearing on the temporary injunction with a trial on the merits; expedited discovery;
and upon final trial, the Additional Intervenors are requesting: (i) rescission of the Series B Preferred Stock; (ii) forfeiture of all
compensation paid to the Defendant Directors by the Company after the Series B Preferred Stock issuance; (iii) actual damages in an amount
to be proven at trial; (iv) exemplary damages sufficient to deter the directors of other Texas corporations from disenfranchising a corporation s
shareholders, as alleged by the Additional Intervenors; (v) attorneys fees and expenses; and (vi) such other and further relief
to which Additional Intervenors are entitled. 

The
outcome of the above litigation is currently unknown; however, the Company disputes the Defendants counterclaims and the allegations
of the Intervenors and intends to defend the matter vigorously, while also continuing to seek all damages which it is due. 

On
March 16, 2022, Petrolia Canada Corporation received a Notice of Intention to Retain Collateral Pursuant to Section 62 of the Personal
Property Security Act (Alberta) from the counsel of Blue Sky Resources Ltd. related to a Loan Agreement and General Security Agreement
between Petrolia Canada Corporation and Emmett Lescroart. Petrolia Canada Corporation was notified that Blue Sky Resources Ltd., as assignee
of the Emmet Lescroart loan, intends to retain the Utikuma loan collateral pursuant to the General Security Agreement with Petrolia Canada
Corporation. On March 30, 2022, Petrolia Canada Corporation s counsel responded to Blue Sky Resources, Ltd. with a Notice of Objection. 

18 

On
January 31, 2023, Petrolia Canada Corporation filed a Statement of Claim in the Calgary Court of King s Bench of Alberta naming
Blue Sky Resources, Ltd. as a defendant in a lawsuit. On March 24, 2023, Blue Sky Resources, Ltd. filed a Statement of Defense and Counterclaim
in the Calgary Court of King s Bench of Alberta. The Court File Number is 2301-01310. 

On
April 20, 2023, Petrolia Canada Corporation filed a Statement of Defense to Counterclaim, Reply to Defense, and Amended Statement of
Claim, adding Zel Khan and Quinten Beasley as defendants in the Court File Number 2301-01310 matter filed in the Calgary Court of King s
Bench of Alberta. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

On
September 27, 2022, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA pulled the Company s stock symbol due to
inactivity in the Company s security for a year. The Company is taking steps to become current in its filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and upon becoming current in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, it plans to engage a market
maker to file a Form 15c2-11 with FINRA and obtain a stock symbol. There can be no assurance that FINRA will approve the Form 15c2-11 or that the Company s common stock will
be publicly quoted again. 

When
allowed to be traded, our common stock has historically been quoted under the symbol BBLS on the OTC Pink Sheet market
operated by OTC Markets Group. 

Historically,
only a limited market exists for our securities. There is no assurance that a regular trading market will develop, or if developed, that
it will be sustained. Therefore, a shareholder may be unable to resell his securities in our company. Extreme caution should be taken
when evaluating the future purchase of Petrolia Energy common stock. 

The
following tables set forth the historical range of high and low sales prices for our common stock for the periods indicated as reported
by the OTC Pink Sheet market operated by the OTC Markets Group. The market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Our stock was last traded in 2021, so there are no prices to report for the current year. 

Quarter Ended 
 
 High 

Low 

March 31, 2022 

June 30, 2022 

September 30, 2022 

December 31, 2022 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 

March 31, 2021 
 0.0475 
 0.0200 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.0570 
 0.0212 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.0397 
 0.0003 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.0030 
 0.0030 

19 

Penny
Stock 

On
September 27, 2022, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA pulled the Company s stock symbol due to
inactivity in the Company s security for a year. The Company is taking steps to become current in its filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and upon becoming current in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, it plans to engage a market
maker to file a Form 15c2-11 with FINRA and obtain a stock symbol. 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a market price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or
quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided
by the exchange or system. 

The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny
stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the
customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of
the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks
and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary
actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such
other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which
such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and
(d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks,
and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity for our common stock. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty
selling our securities. 

Petrolia
Energy Corporation is currently not being actively traded because of SEC Rule 15c2-11 and because FINRA pulled the Company s
stock symbol due to inactivity in the Company s security for a year. 

Holders
of Our Common Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 176,988,322 outstanding shares of common stock and approximately 279 shareholders of record. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Certificate of Formation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The provisions in the
Certificate of Formation, relating to the preferred stock, allow our directors to issue preferred stock with multiple votes per share
and dividend rights which would have priority over any dividends paid with respect to the holders of our common stock. The issuance of
preferred stock with these rights may make the removal of management difficult even if the removal would be considered beneficial to
shareholders generally and will have the effect of limiting shareholder participation in certain transactions such as mergers or tender
offers if these transactions are not favored by our management. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there are 199,100 shares of Series A Preferred outstanding with 21 preferred shareholders of record. 

20 

On
October 25, 2021, the Company issued one share each of its newly designated shares of Series B Preferred Stock to Board of Directors
members James Burns, Leo Womack, and Ivar Siem, in consideration for services rendered to the Company as members of the Board of Directors.
These shares vote in aggregate sixty percent of the total vote on all shareholder matters. These shares were valued at 50,799 per share
by an independent specialist. As of December 31, 2022, there are 3 Series
B preferred shares outstanding with 3 preferred shareholders of record. 

In
October and November of 2021 and January of 2022, the Company entered into various subscription agreements to sell an aggregate amount
of 11,000 shares of its newly designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock at 10 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there are 11,000
Series C preferred shares outstanding with 3 preferred shareholders of record. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In
October and November of 2021, and January 2022, the Company entered into various subscription agreements with certain accredited investors,
pursuant to which the Subscribers agreed, subject to certain conditions in the Subscription Agreements, to purchase an aggregate amount
of 11,000 shares of the Company s newly designated shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.10 per share at
 10.00 per share. 8,500 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were sold in 2021. 2,500 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were sold in 2022. 

21 

We
claim an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D of the Securities Act, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder in connection with the sales, grants and issuances described above since the foregoing issuances
and grants did not involve a public offering, the recipients were (a) accredited investors , and/or (b) had access
to similar documentation and information as would be required in a Registration Statement under the Securities Act. With respect to the
transactions described above, no general solicitation was made either by us or by any person acting on our behalf. The transactions were
privately negotiated and did not involve any kind of public solicitation. No underwriters or agents were involved in the foregoing issuances,
and we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities sold are subject to transfer restrictions, and the certificates
evidencing the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act
and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. 

ITEM
6. (RESERVED) 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking
statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. We caution you that assumptions, expectations,
projections, intentions or beliefs about future events may, and often do, vary from actual results and the differences can be material.
See Risk Factors and Forward Looking Statements. 

Petrolia
Energy Corporation explores for, develops, and produces crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and natural gas in producing basins in
the United States of America and Canada. PEC s principal oil and gas assets are further described in Plan of Operation .
Maintaining the lowest possible operating cost structure, coupled with efficient and safe operations is integral in the implementation
of the Company s strategy. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues 

Revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6,847,800, an increase of 952,572 from the prior year. The increase was primarily due to increased
oil prices. In 2022, our Canadian asset (Utikuma) produced 80,332 BOE, which sold at an average price of 86.16 per barrel. 2021
production for Utikuma and CONA was 97,084 BOE, sold at an average price of 58.63 per barrel. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 were 7,899,275, an increase of 592,250 from the prior year. Lease operating expense contributed 1,443,753 to the increase,
due to more activity in our Utikuma field from repairs and maintenance. General and administrative expenses were reduced by
 410,507 because our staff was smaller. This was partially offset by increased legal expenses. After the sale of the CONA asset in 2021, depletion expense was reduced
by 164,961, because of the smaller base for depletion. Asset retirement accretion was also
reduced by 143,270, due to the sale of the CONA asset in October 2021. 

Other Income/Expenses 

Other income/expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 was other net expense of 434,605, compared to other net income of 3,340,701 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The primary
cause for the change was the gain on the disposition of the Cona asset in 2021, in the amount of 3,919,323. The change in fair market
value of derivative liabilities was reduced by 138,690, as these liabilities had reached the end of their amortization period. Interest
expense was reduced by 149,082 as the principal on some loans was reduced by payments made during the year. 

Net Income 

The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,486,080, compared
to net income of 1,928,904 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a change of 3,414,984 from the prior year for the reasons described
above, primarily the disposition of the Cona asset, offset by our increased operating expenses. 

22 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had total current assets
of 1,431,266 and total assets of 8,774,113. Our total current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were 9,242,317 and our total liabilities
were 11,561,366. We had negative working capital of 7,811,051 as of December 31, 2022. 

Our material asset balances are made up of oil
and gas properties and related equipment. Our most significant liabilities include asset retirement obligations of 2,301,335,
combined accrued liabilities and related party accrued liabilities of 2,687,575, notes payable of 398,837 and related party notes
payable of 3,460,815. 

Operating activities provided 1,798,257 in cash for
the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was due to our election to take our product
in kind from the Utikuma asset early in 2022, rather than net it with the costs incurred by the operator of that asset. Net cash provided
by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,500, from the sale of some unused equipment on our Oklahoma property. 

Cash
used by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 388,313 and consisted of 25,000 of proceeds from the sale
of Series C Preferred Stock, which was offset by 413,313 of repayments of notes payable. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company operated at a positive cash flow from operations of approximately 150,000 per month. However,
our auditors have raised a going concern in their audit report as contained herein. Management also plans to minimize general and administrative
expenses and optimize cashflow from the Company s assets. 

The
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations. These conditions raise doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. We plan to generate profits by reducing general and administrative expenses, managing litigation costs, and optimizing our cashflow. However,
we may need to raise additional funds to workover wells through the sale of our securities, through loans from third parties or from
third parties willing to pay our share of drilling and completing the wells. We do not have any commitments or arrangements from any
person to provide us with any additional capital. 

If
additional financing is not available when needed, we may need to cease operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in raising the capital needed to recomplete oil or gas wells nor that any such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable
terms or at all. 

Management
believes that actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding, if needed, provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going
concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern; no adjustments
to the financial statements have been made to account for this uncertainty. 

Trends
Affecting Future Operations 

The
factors that will most significantly affect our results of operations will be (i) the sale prices of crude oil and natural gas, (ii)
the amount of production sold from oil or gas wells in which we have an interest, and (iii) lease operating expenses. Our revenues will
also be significantly impacted by our ability to maintain or increase oil or gas production through exploration and development activities,
and the availability of funding to complete such activities. 

It
is expected that our principal source of cash flow will be from the production and sale of crude oil and natural gas reserves which are
depleting assets. Cash flow from the sale of oil and gas production depends upon the quantity of production and the price obtained for
the production. An increase in prices will permit us to finance our operations to a greater extent with internally generated funds, may
allow us to obtain equity financing more easily or on better terms, and lessens the difficulty of obtaining financing. However, price
increases may heighten the competition for oil and gas prospects and may increase the costs of exploration and development. 

A
decline in oil and gas prices (i) will reduce the cash flow internally generated by the Company which in turn will reduce the funds available
for exploring for and replacing oil and gas reserves, (ii) will increase the difficulty of obtaining equity and debt financing and worsen
the terms on which such financing may be obtained, (iii) will reduce the number of oil and gas prospects which have reasonable economic
terms, (iv) may cause us to permit leases to expire based upon the value of potential oil and gas reserves in relation to the costs of
exploration, (v) may result in marginally productive oil and gas wells being abandoned as non-commercial, and (vi) may increase the difficulty
of obtaining financing. However, price declines reduce the competition for oil and gas properties and correspondingly reduce the prices
paid for leases and prospects. 

23 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

In
December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants list their most critical accounting polices in the Management Discussion
and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a critical accounting policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of a
company s financial condition and results, and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often
as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Going
concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred cumulative net losses of 63,013,127
since its inception and may require capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place. The Company s
ability to raise additional capital through the future sales of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the
successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable
operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments
that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We
do not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial
position, or cash flow. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Pursuant
to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as
it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
consolidated audited financial statements and supplementary data required by this Item are presented beginning on page F-1 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, which follows Signatures below. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its
Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s
chief executive officer and interim chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

An
evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our management
concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

24 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. As defined
by the Securities and Exchange Commission, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision
of our Principal Executive and Financial Officer and implemented by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or the COSO Framework of 2013. Management s assessment included an evaluation of the
design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. Based on this
evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 

A
material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The
ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to an insufficient degree of segregation of duties amongst our
accounting and financial reporting personnel, the lack of a formalized and complete set of policy and procedure documentation evidencing
our system of internal controls over financial reporting, and the possibility that Company employees were also contracted to perform
the accounting of affiliated parties. These factors led to certain adjustments which have been reflected in our audited financial statements.
Certain of these weaknesses may not be uncommon in a company of our size due to personnel and financial limitations. 

Management
is committed to remediating the identified material weakness in a timely manner, with appropriate oversight from our Audit Committee.
We intend to work to remediate the material weaknesses identified above, which is expected to include (i) the addition of accounting
and financial personnel with experience in the implementation of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
and SEC reporting requirements, (ii) the engagement of accounting consultants on a limited-time basis to provide expertise on specific
areas of the accounting literature, (iii) the modification to our accounting processes and enhancement to our financial controls, (iv)
the elimination of employees or contractors also being employed by affiliated parties and/or (v) the hiring of an independent consulting
or accounting firm to review and document our internal control system to ensure compliance with COSO. However, our current financial
position will make it difficult for us to undertake the planned remediation steps outlined above. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Except
as noted above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended
December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

25 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
following information sets forth the names, ages, and positions of our directors and executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director/Officer
 Since 
 
 Mark
 Allen 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 September
 1, 2020 
 
 Heather
 Monk 
 
 52 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 June
 15, 2022 
 
 Leo
 Womack 
 
 80 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 2014 
 
 James
 Edward Burns 
 
 54 
 
 Chairman 
 
 April
 2017 
 
 Ivar
 Siem 
 
 77 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 2019 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors: 

Mark
Allen is an executive in the oil and gas industry with over 30 years of experience in the global energy markets, previously as Global
Vice President, Oil and Gas Consulting for Wipro Limited, a leading global consulting and information technology services firm. Prior
to Wipro Limited, Mr. Allen was Vice President, Exploration and Production Services for SAIC, a Fortune 500 company. Mr. Allen has also
held leadership roles at Shell Oil Company. For the past 10 years Mr. Allen has been the President of Contango Energy, a family held
energy company. Mr. Allen holds a BS in Accounting from Brigham Young University and an MBA from the University of St. Thomas. In September
2021, Mr. Allen was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

Heather
Monk is a Certified Public Accountant with over 20 years of experience. After starting out in public accounting, she spent 13
years at Enterprise Products Partners. In March of 2017, she left Enterprise Products Partners to start her own accounting firm,
specializing in taxes and business planning for small to mid-sized businesses. Ms. Monk holds a BBA in Accounting and an MBA from
The University of Houston. She joined Petrolia in October of 2021 and was appointed the Interim Chief Financial Officer in June
2022. 

Leo
Womack has over 40 years of experience in advising and serving as Director of small micro-capitalization public and private companies.
Mr. Womack has been the President of Gulf Equities Realty Advisors, Inc., a diversified real estate portfolio management company, since
1986. For more than five (5) years, from March 1986 to the present, Mr. Womack has been and continues to be employed as the President
of Gulf Equities Realty Advisors Inc. He has been the Chairman of Fairway Medical Technologies, Inc., a medical device company and a
portfolio company of the Baylor College of Medicine Venture Fund since 1996. From 1969 to 1978, he was the managing partner of a local
and later national CPA firm. He has served on the Board and as Chairman of the Houston Angel Network and on National Committees of the
Angel Capital Association. Prior to its acquisition by ITT Corporation in 2010, he served as a board member and the audit committee chair
for OI Corporation (NASDAQ:OICO). Mr. Womack continues to serve on the Boards of Directors of five early-stage companies that he or his
Family Trust have invested in. Mr. Womack earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Texas A M University-Kingsville
in 1965. Mr. Womack is also a licensed Certified Public Accountant (CPA). 

James
Edward Burns is an executive who brings more than 25 years of experience to Petrolia Energy s Board. He currently serves on
a number of public and private company boards including Bon Natural Life Ltd, (NASDAQ: BON), TMT Acquisition Corp (NASDAQ: TMTC), Playmaker
IQ, Dry States Water Solutions and Hearthstone Capital Inc. He served as President of BLU LNG, a domestic LNG provider until 2016. Prior
to his role at BLU LNG, Mr. Burns was President of Fortress Energy Partners a division of Fortress Investment Group and worked in various
executive roles globally at Royal Dutch Shell and Texaco. He holds a BS in Business Administration from California State University and
an Executive MBA from the University of Houston. 

26 

Ivar
Siem is the Chairman of American Resources Inc. American ). Mr. Siem previously also served as the Chairman and CEO
of American and its predecessor from September 2000 to August 1, 2017. Mr. Siem has broad experience from both the upstream and the service
segments of the oil and gas industry. He has been the founder of several companies and involved in multiple roll-ups and restructuring
processes throughout his career. These include Fred Olsen, Inc., Dolphin International, Inc., Blue Dolphin Energy, Seateam Technology
ASA, DI Industries/Grey Wolf Drilling, American Resources Offshore, Inc., and Equimavenca SA. He has served on a number of public and
private company boards including Frupor SA, Avenir ASA, Wellcem AS, and Siem Industries, Inc. Since July 2018, Mr. Siem has served as
a member of the Board of Directors of PEDEVCO Corp. (NYSE American:PED), a company with securities registered under the Exchange Act. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the
board. 

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; and strives
to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

The
roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are currently held separately. Mr. Burns serves as Chairman and Mr. Allen
serves as Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors does not have a policy as to whether the Chairman should be an independent
director, an affiliated director, or a member of management. 

Our Board believes that the Company s current leadership structure
is appropriate because it effectively allocates authority, responsibility, and oversight between management and the members of our Board.
It does this by giving primary responsibility for the operational leadership and strategic direction of the Company to its Chief Executive
Officer, while enabling our Chairman to facilitate our Board s oversight of management, promote communication between management
and our Board, and support our Board s consideration of key governance matters. The Board believes that its programs for overseeing
risk, as described below, would be effective under a variety of leadership frameworks and therefore do not materially affect its choice
of structure. 

Risk
Oversight 

Effective
risk oversight is an important priority of the Board of Directors. Because risks are considered in virtually every business decision,
the Board of Directors discusses risk throughout the year generally or in connection with specific proposed actions. The Board of Directors 
approach to risk oversight includes understanding the critical risks in the Company s business and strategy, evaluating the Company s
risk management processes, allocating responsibilities for risk oversight, and fostering an appropriate culture of integrity and compliance
with legal responsibilities. The directors exercise direct oversight of strategic risks to the Company. 

Family
Relationships 

None
of our directors are related by blood, marriage, or adoption to any other director, executive officer, or other key employees. 

Arrangements
Between Officers and Directors 

To
our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers and any other person, including directors, pursuant
to which the officer was selected to serve as an officer. 

27 

Other
Directorships 

No
directors of the Company are also directors of issuers with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (or
which otherwise are required to file periodic reports under the Exchange Act), except as discussed in their bios above. 

Director
Qualifications 

The
Board believes that each of our directors is highly qualified to serve as a member of the Board. Each of the directors has contributed
to the mix of skills, core competencies and qualifications of the Board. When evaluating candidates for election to the Board, the Board
seeks candidates with certain qualities that it believes are important, including integrity, an objective perspective, good judgment,
and leadership skills. Our directors are highly educated and have diverse backgrounds and talents and extensive track records of success
in what we believe are highly relevant positions. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our executive officers or directors has been involved in any of the following events during the past
ten years: 

(1) 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 
 
 (2) 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being a named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and minor
 offenses); 
 
 (3) 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 
 
 (4) 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law; 
 
 (5) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation;
 (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including, but not limited to, a temporary or
 permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order, or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 
 
 (6) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section (1a)(40) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity, or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Board
of Directors Meetings 

The
Company had four (4) official meetings of the Board of Directors during the fiscal year 2022 and four (4) during the previous fiscal
year ending December 31, 2021. All directors attended at least 75 of the meetings of the Board of Directors and meetings of Committees
of the Board of Directors, for committees on which they served. The Company has not adopted a policy requiring its directors to attend
its annual meeting. 

Hedging,
Clawbacks and Insider Trading Policies 

The
Company does not currently hedge any oil and gas products. 

Insider
trading includes the trading of our stock and options (put and call), based on material, non-public information about the Company. The
Company prohibits any insider trading shares based on insider information and could be exposed to potential civil and/or criminal penalties.
It also prohibits the sharing of that information with other non-insider individuals. This policy applies to the purchase/sale of common
stock and preferred stock. The Company prohibits the trading of options at any time, irrespective of stock trading restrictions. This
policy applies to all directors, officers, employees, and consultants of the Company, as well as their family members. This policy imposes
special additional temporary trading restrictions applicable to directors and officers of the Company. 

28 

COMMITTEES
OF THE BOARD 

Board
Committee Membership 

Independent 
 
 Audit 
 Committee 
 
 Compensation 
 Committee 
 
 Nominating
 and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 James
 E. Burns (1) 

C 

Leo
 Womack 
 
 X 
 
 C 

M 
 
 Ivar
 Siem 
 
 X 
 
 M 

C 

(1)
Chairman of Board of Directors. 

 C
- Chairman of Committee. 

 M
- Member. 

The
charter for each committee of the Board identified below is available on our website at www.petroliaenergy.com. Copies of the committee
charters are also available for free upon written request to our Corporate Secretary. Additionally, the committee charters are filed
as exhibits to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2018 (the Form 8-K ). 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee, which is comprised exclusively of independent directors, has been established by the Board to oversee our accounting
and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial statements. 

The
Board has selected the members of the Audit Committee based on the Board s determination that the members are financially literate
(as required by NASDAQ rules) and qualified to monitor the performance of management and the independent auditors and to monitor our
disclosures so that our disclosures fairly present our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
Board has also determined that Mr. Womack, is an audit committee financial expert (as defined in the SEC rules) because
he has the following attributes: (i) an understanding of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP and financial statements; (ii) the ability to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates,
accruals and reserves; (iii) experience analyzing and evaluating financial statements that present a breadth and level of complexity
of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breadth and complexity of issues that can reasonably be expected to be raised
by our financial statements; (iv) an understanding of internal control over financial reporting; and (v) an understanding of audit committee
functions. Mr. Womack has acquired these attributes by means of having held various positions that provided relevant experience, as described
in his biographical above. 

The
Audit Committee has the sole authority, at its discretion and at our expense, to retain, compensate, evaluate and terminate our independent
auditors and to review, as it deems appropriate, the scope of our annual audits, our accounting policies and reporting practices, our
system of internal controls, our compliance with policies regarding business conduct and other matters. In addition, the Audit Committee
has the authority, at its discretion and at our expense, to retain special legal, accounting, or other advisors to advise the Audit Committee. 

The
Audit Committee was formed on May 21, 2018. 

The
Audit Committee Charter is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2018. 

29 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee is responsible for the administration of our stock compensation plans, approval, review and evaluation of the
compensation arrangements for our executive officers and directors and oversees and advises the Board on the adoption of policies that
govern the Company s compensation and benefit programs. In addition, the Compensation Committee has the authority, at its discretion
and at our expense, to retain special legal, accounting or other advisors to advise the Compensation Committee. 

The
Compensation Committee was formed on May 21, 2018. 

The
Compensation Committee Charter is filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2018. 

James
Burns is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which is comprised exclusively of independent directors, is responsible for identifying
prospective qualified candidates to fill vacancies on the Board, recommending director nominees (including chairpersons) for each of
our committees, developing and recommending appropriate corporate governance guidelines and overseeing the self-evaluation of the Board. 

In
considering individual director nominees and Board committee appointments, our Nominating and Governance Committee seeks to achieve a
balance of knowledge, experience and capability on the Board and Board committees and to identify individuals who can effectively assist
the Company in achieving our short-term and long-term goals, protecting our stockholders interests and creating and enhancing
value for our stockholders. In so doing, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers a person s diversity attributes (e.g.,
professional experiences, skills, background, race and gender) as a whole and does not necessarily attribute any greater weight to one
attribute. Moreover, diversity in professional experience, skills and background, and diversity in race and gender, are just a few of
the attributes that the Nominating and Governance Committee takes into account. In evaluating prospective candidates, the Nominating
and Governance Committee also considers whether the individual has personal and professional integrity, good business judgment and relevant
experience and skills, and whether such individual is willing and able to commit the time necessary for Board and Board committee service. 

While
there are no specific minimum requirements that the Nominating and Governance Committee believes must be met by a prospective director
nominee, the Nominating and Governance Committee does believe that director nominees should possess personal and professional integrity,
have good business judgment, have relevant experience and skills, and be willing and able to commit the necessary time for Board and
Board committee service. Furthermore, the Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates each individual in the context of the Board as
a whole, with the objective of recommending individuals that can best perpetuate the success of our business and represent stockholder
interests through the exercise of sound business judgment using their diversity of experience in various areas. We believe our current
directors possess diverse professional experiences, skills and backgrounds, in addition to (among other characteristics) high standards
of personal and professional ethics, proven records of success in their respective fields and valuable knowledge of our business and
our industry. 

The
Nominating and Governance Committee uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating director nominees. The Nominating and Governance
Committee also regularly assesses the appropriate size of the Board and whether any vacancies on the Board are expected due to retirement
or other circumstances. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers, from time to time, various potential candidates
for directorships. Candidates may come to the attention of the Nominating and Governance Committee through current Board members, professional
search firms, stockholders or other persons. These candidates may be evaluated at regular or special meetings of the Nominating and Governance
Committee and may be considered at any point during the year. 

The
Committee evaluates director nominees at regular or special Committee meetings pursuant to the criteria described above and reviews qualified
director nominees with the Board. The Committee selects nominees that best suit the Board s current needs and recommends one or
more of such individuals for election to the Board. 

The
Nominating and Governance Committee was formed on May 21, 2018. 

30 

The
Nominating and Governance Committee Charter is filed as Exhibit 99.5 to the Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2018. 

Stockholder
Communications with the Board 

Our
Company has defined policy and procedural requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors as set
forth in the Company s Bylaws and described below. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the
election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The
Nominating and Governance Committee will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and make recommendations
for election or appointment. 

The
Nominating and Governance Committee will consider candidates recommended by stockholders, provided the names of such persons, accompanied
by relevant biographical information, are properly submitted in writing to the Secretary of the Company in accordance with the manner
described below. The Secretary will send properly submitted stockholder recommendations to the Nominating and Governance Committee. Individuals
recommended by stockholders in accordance with these procedures will receive the same consideration received by individuals identified
to the Nominating and Governance Committee through other means. The Nominating and Governance Committee also may, in its discretion,
consider candidates otherwise recommended by stockholders without accompanying biographical information, if submitted in writing to the
Secretary. 

Our
stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with members of the Board of Directors by submitting such communications in
writing to our Corporate Secretary, 710 N. Post Oak Rd., Suite 400, Houston, Texas 77024, who, upon receipt of any communication other
than one that is clearly marked Confidential, will note the date the communication was received, open the communication,
make a copy of it for our files and promptly forward the communication to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. Upon receipt of any
communication that is clearly marked Confidential, our Corporate Secretary will not open the communication, but will note
the date the communication was received and promptly forward the communication to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. If the correspondence
is not addressed to any particular Board member or members, the communication will be forwarded to a Board member to bring to the attention
of the Board. 

Code
of Conduct 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethical Business Conduct Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. 

Any
stockholder who so requests may obtain a free copy of our Code of Conduct by submitting a written request to our Corporate Secretary.
Additionally, the Code of Conduct was filed as an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on November 23, 2015, as Exhibit 14.1. 

We
intend to disclose any amendments to our Code of Conduct and any waivers with respect to our Code of Conduct granted to our principal
executive officer, our principal financial officer, or any of our other employees performing similar functions on our website at www.petroliaenergy.com
within four business days after the amendment or waiver. In such case, the disclosure regarding the amendment or waiver will remain available
on our website for at least 12 months after the initial disclosure. There have been no waivers granted with respect to our Code of Conduct
to any such officers or employees. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered
class of the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial shareholders
are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

31 

Pursuant
to SEC rules, we are not required to disclose in this filing any failure to timely file a Section 16(a) report that has been disclosed
by us in a prior annual report or proxy statement. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of (i) all individuals serving as our principal executive officer
(PEO) or acting in a similar capacity during the last completed fiscal year, regardless of compensation level; (ii) our two most highly
compensated executive officers other than the PEO who were serving as executive officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year
and who were paid more than 100,000 of total compensation; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have
been provided pursuant to paragraph (ii) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at the end of the
last completed fiscal year (collectively, the Named Executive Officers ). 

The
following table summarizes all compensation paid or accrued to our former or current executive officers during the years ended December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Compensation (1) 
 Bonus (2) 
 Stock Awards (3) 
 Option and Warrant Awards (4) 
 All Other Compensation (5) 
 Total 
 
 Mark Allen (Chief Executive Office (former President) (6) 
 2022 
 180,000 

27,704 
 
 207,704 

2021 
 180,000 

23,847 
 
 203,847 

Paul Deputy (Interim Chief Financial Officer) (7) 
 2022 
 13,500 

13,500 

2021 
 124,863 

124,863 

Heather Monk (Interim Chief Financial Officer) (8) 
 2022 
 116,846 

116,846 

2021 
 15,000 

15,000 

Does
not include perquisites and other personal benefits unless the aggregate amount of such compensation is more than 10,000. None of our
executive officers received any change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings during the periods presented. 

(1) 
 The
 dollar value of compensation (cash and non-cash) earned. In 2021, compensation of 127,500 was paid in cash and 192,363 was accrued.
In 2022, compensation of 217,419 was paid in cash and 91,500 was accrued. 

(2) 
 The
 dollar value of bonus (cash and non-cash) earned. 

(3) 
 The
 fair value of stock issued for services computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 

(4) 
 The
 fair value of options and warrants granted computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 

(5) 
 All
 other compensation received that we could not properly report in any other column of the table. 

(6) 
 On
 September 1, 2020, the Board of Directors approved a contractual Consulting Agreement between the Company and Mark Allen to appoint
 him as the new President of the Company. In September of 2021 he was appointed Chief Executive Officer. 

(7) 
 Paul Deputy was appointed interim Chief Financial Officer on February 1,
2021. He left the position on April 15, 2022. 

(8) 
 Heather
 Monk joined the Company as a part-time consultant in October of 2021. She became a full-time consultant in April 2022 and was promoted
 to interim Chief Financial Officer in June 2022. 

We
do not provide our officers or employees with pension, stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive, profit sharing, retirement, or
other plans, although we may adopt one or more of such plans in the future. 

We
do not maintain any life or disability insurance on any of our officers. 

32 

Employment
Agreements 

Mark
Allen (CEO) 

On
September 1, 2020, the Board of Directors approved a Consulting Agreement between the Company and Mark Allen to appoint him as the new
President of the Company. Mr. Allen s contract term is 6 months, with a cash payment of 90,000 in equal monthly installments of
 15,000, including an option to extend. In addition, Mr. Allen is due to receive incentive compensation of 2,000,000 shares of common
stock (1,000,000 at signing and the remaining at the end of the contract period). He also is to receive 1,000,000 warrants at 0.08 per
share that expire in 36 months and vest over a two-year period. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a Consulting Agreement between the Company and Mark Allen to appoint him as the CEO
of the Company at a continued rate of 15,000 per month. This agreement is still in force. 

Director
Compensation 

The
table below summarizes all compensation of our directors for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 
 Stock Awards 
 Option and Warrant Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 James E. Burns 
 71,000 

25,868 
 96,868 
 
 Leo Womack 

Ivar Siem 

The
notes below summarize all compensation of our directors for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(1) 
 Fees
 earned due to retainers, meetings, committees, and chairman services. These fees were not paid in cash to date but were accrued. 

(2) 
 Payment
 for health insurance benefits was included in James Burns employment agreement. 

The
fair value of stock issued for services computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 718 on the date of grant. 

33 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock and preferred stock by (i) each
person who is known by the Company to own beneficially more than five percent (5 of our outstanding voting stock; (ii) each of our
directors and director nominees; (iii) each of our executive officers and significant employees; and (iv) all of our current executive
officers, significant employees and directors as a group, as of May 12, 2023 (the Date of Determination ). 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and/or investing power with respect to securities.
These rules generally provide that shares of common stock subject to options, warrants or other convertible securities that are currently
exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of the Date of Determination, are deemed to be outstanding and
to be beneficially owned by the person or group holding such options, warrants or other convertible securities for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of such person or group, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person or group. 

We
believe that, except as otherwise noted and subject to applicable community property laws, each person named in the following table has
sole investment and voting power with respect to the shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by such person. Unless otherwise
indicated, the address for each of the officers or directors listed in the table below is 710 N. Post Oak Rd., Suite 400, Houston, Texas
77024. 

Number of Common Stock Shares (1) 
 Percent of Common Stock (2) 
 Number of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Shares 
 Percent of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (2) 
 Number of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Shares 
 Percent of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (2) 
 Total Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Total Voting Shares (3) (12) 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Leo Womack 
 4,612,500 (4) 
 2.6 
 8,400 
 4.2 
 5,000 
 45.5 
 5,712,500 (4) 
 3.0 
 
 James E. Burns 
 6,654,566 (5) 
 3.8 
 16,400 
 8.2 

7,825,995 (5) 
 4.1 
 
 Ivar Siem 
 3,604,167 (6) 
 2.0 

3,604,167 (6) 
 1.9 
 
 Mark Allen 
 17,935,778 (7) 
 10.1 

17,935,778 (7) 
 9.5 
 
 Heather Monk 

All Named Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (4 persons) 
 32,807,011 
 18.5 
 24,800 
 12.4 
 5,000 
 45.5 
 35,078,440 
 18.5 

5 Stockholders 

Common Stock 

Quinten Beasley 
 9,706,172 (8) 
 5.5 

9,706,172 (8) 
 5.1 
 
 Zel Khan 
 46,365,575 (9) 
 26.2 
 24,410 
 12.3 

46,365,575 (9) 
 24.5 
 
 Joel Oppenheim 
 12,271,613 (10) 
 6.9 
 20,490 
 10.3 

12,271,613 (10) 
 6.5 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

Rick Wilber 
 3,070,000 (11) 
 1.7 
 55,000 
 27.6 
 5,000 
 45.5 
 6,998,571 (11) 
 3.7 

34 

Under
Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract,
arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct
the voting of shares, and/or (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Also under
this rule, certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to
vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the
right to acquire shares (for example, upon exercise of an option or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is
provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the number of shares is deemed to include the number of shares beneficially
owned by such person by reason of such acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in
the above table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual voting power at any particular date. 

(1) 
 Not
 including shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred
 Stock held by each holder. 

(2) 
 Except
 as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly, and the percentage shown is based on 176,988,322 shares of common stock and
 199,100 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 11,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
 as of the Date of Determination. The Series A Preferred Stock (and accrued and unpaid dividends thereon) are convertible into shares
 of common stock of the Company on a 71.429-for-one basis. The Series A and C Preferred Stock includes a blocker prohibiting the conversion
 of the Series A or C Preferred Stock into common stock of the Company, if upon such conversion/exercise the holder thereof would
 beneficially own more than 4.999 of the Company s then outstanding common stock, provided such limitation shall not apply
 in the event of an automatic conversion of the Series A or C Preferred Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ).
 The Beneficial Ownership Limitation also limits the voting rights of any holders of the Series A or C Preferred Stock, the effects
 of which have been reflected in the table above. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation may be waived by any holder with 61 days prior
 written notice to the Company. 

(3) 
 Includes
 all shares of common stock beneficially owned by each named person, all shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants
 which have vested, or which will vest within 60 days of the Date of Determination to the named person, and all shares of common stock
 issuable upon conversion of Series A and C Preferred Stock held by the named person, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

35 

(4) 
 Includes
 all shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Womack and the Leo B. Womack Family Trust, which Mr. Womack is deemed to beneficially
 own (the Trust ), all shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants which have vested or which will vest
 within 60 days of the Date of Determination to Mr. Womack and the Trust, and for the Total Beneficial Ownership column,
 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding shares of Series A and C Preferred Stock held by Mr. Womack and the
 Trust, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

(5) 
 Includes
 all shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Burns, all shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants which have
 vested, or which will vest within 60 days of the Date of Determination to Mr. Burns, and for the Total Beneficial Ownership 
 column, shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Burns, subject
 to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

(6) 
 Includes
 all shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Siem and American Resources Offshore Inc. American Resources and all shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants which have vested, or which will vest within 60 days of the Date
 of Determination to Mr. Siem and American Resources. Mr. Siem is deemed to beneficially own the securities held by American Resources
 due to his position as Director and CEO of American Resources. 

(7) 
 Includes
 all shares of common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock held by Mr. Allen, which have vested, or which will vest
 within 60 days of the Date of Determination. 

(8) 
 Address:
 7941 Katy Fwy, Suite 522, Houston, Texas 77024. Includes all shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Beasley, Critical Communication
 LLC Critical ), all shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants which have vested, or which will vest
 within 60 days of the Date of Determination to Mr. Beasley, Critical. Mr. Beasley is deemed to beneficially own the securities held
 by Critical due to his position as Managing Director of Critical Communications. 

(9) 
 Address:
 7941 Katy Fwy, Suite 522, Houston, Texas 77024. Includes all shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Khan and Jovian Petroleum
 Corporation Jovian ), all shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants which have vested or which will
 vest within 60 days of the Date of Determination to Mr. Khan and Jovian, and for the Total Beneficial Ownership column,
 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Khan and Jovian, subject
 to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Mr. Khan is deemed to beneficially own the securities held by Jovian due to his position
 as President of Jovian. 

(10) 
 Includes
 all shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Oppenheim, all shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants which
 have vested, or which will vest within 60 days of the Date of Determination to Mr. Oppenheim, and for the Total Beneficial
 Ownership column, shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by
 Mr. Oppenheim, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

(11) 
 Address:
 10360 Kestrel Street, Plantation, Florida, 33324. 

(12) 
 On
 October 25, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the filing of a Certificate of Designations of Petrolia Energy Corporation
 Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations, and Relative Rights of its Series B Preferred Stock with the Secretary of
 State of Texas, which designation was filed with, and became effective with, the Secretary of State of Texas on October 25, 2021.
 The Series B Designation designated three shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The Company issued one share of its newly designated
 shares of Series B Preferred Stock to each of the three members of its then Board of Directors, (1) James E. Burns, (2) Leo Womack
 and (3) Ivar Siem, in consideration for services rendered to the Company as members of the Board of Directors. Such shares of Series
 B Preferred Stock vote in aggregate sixty percent (60 of the total vote on all shareholder matters, voting separately as a class. 

36 

Changes
in Control 

The
Company is not aware of any arrangements which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Company. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth information, as of
December 31, 2022, with respect to our compensation plans under which common stock is authorized for issuance. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

(A) 
 (B) 
 (C) 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of securities to issue upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options and warrants 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in 
 Column A) 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders (1) 
 
 N/A 
 40,000,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 
 23,970,000 
 0.13 

Total 
 23,970,000 
 0.13 
 40,000,000 

(1) 
 The Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan provides for up to 40,000,000 shares of awards. At present, no shares have been issued from the Plan. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Except
as discussed below or otherwise disclosed above under Item 11. Executive Compensation , , Note 7 Related Party
Notes Payable, Note 10 - Equity and Note 11 - Related Party Transactions, of the consolidated audited financial statements included herein,
all of which information is incorporated by reference into this Item 13, there have been no transactions since the beginning of the Company s
last fiscal year, and there is not currently any proposed transaction, in which the Company was or is to be a participant, where the
amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at year end, for the
last two completed fiscal years, and in which any officer, director, or any stockholder owning greater than five percent (5 of our
outstanding voting shares, nor any member of the above referenced individual s immediate family, had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest. 

On
October 25, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the filing of a Certificate of Designations of Petrolia Energy Corporation
Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations, and Relative Rights of its Series B Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State
of Texas, which designation was filed with, and became effective with, the Secretary of State of Texas on October 25, 2021. The Series
B Designation designated three shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The Company issued one share of its newly designated shares of Series
B Preferred Stock to each of the three members of its then Board of Directors, (1) James E. Burns, (2) Leo Womack and (3) Ivar Siem,
in consideration for services rendered to the Company as members of the Board of Directors. Such shares of Series B Preferred Stock vote
in aggregate sixty percent (60 of the total vote on all shareholder matters, voting separately as a class. 

In
October and November of 2021, and January 2022, the Company entered into various subscription agreements with certain accredited investors,
pursuant to which the Subscribers agreed, subject to certain conditions in the Subscription Agreements, to purchase an aggregate amount
of 11,000 shares of the Company s newly designated shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.10 per share at
 10.00 per share. Investors in the offering include the Company s director, Leo Womack, who purchased 50,000 in shares of Series
C Preferred Stock (5,000 shares) in 2021, and 25,000 in shares of Series C Preferred Stock (2,500 shares) in 2022. 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

On
August 22, 2018, the Company adopted a formal related party transaction policy (the Policy for the review, approval, or
ratification of transactions, such as those described above, with our directors, nominees for director, executive officers and significant
shareholders or certain entities or persons related to them. 

Under
the terms of the Policy, the Audit Committee shall review the material facts of all related party transactions and may approve or disapprove
of the entry into the related party transaction. Where advance Audit Committee review of a related party transaction is not feasible
or has otherwise not been obtained, then the related party transaction shall be reviewed subsequently by the Audit Committee (and such
transaction may be ratified subsequently by the Audit Committee). The Audit Committee may also disapprove of a previously entered into
related party transaction and may require that management of the Company take all reasonable efforts to terminate, unwind, cancel or
annul the related party transaction. The Audit Committee shall be authorized to review in advance and provide standing pre-approval in
advance of certain related party transactions or categories of related party transactions which include employment of executive officers,
director compensation and others. The Audit Committee or the Board of Directors may recommend the creation of a special Audit Committee
to review any related party transaction. 

37 

Each
officer and/or director who is a related party with respect to a particular related party transaction shall disclose all material information
to the Audit Committee concerning such related party transaction and his or her interest in such transaction. Any member of the Audit
Committee who has a potential interest in any related party transaction shall recuse himself or herself and abstain from voting on the
approval or ratification of the related party transaction but may participate in all or a portion of the Audit Committee s discussions
of the related party transaction, if requested by the Audit Committee. 

In
connection with its review of a related party transaction, the Audit Committee shall take into account, among other factors it deems
appropriate, including the following factors, among others, to the extent relevant to the related party transaction: 

Whether the terms of the related party transaction are fair to the Company and would apply on the same basis if the transaction did not
involve a related party, i.e., whether the terms of the transaction would be the same if the transaction was undertaken on an arms-length
basis; 

Whether there are any compelling business reasons for the Company to enter into the related party transaction and the nature of alternative
transactions, if any; 

Whether the related party transaction would impair the independence of an otherwise independent director or nominee for director; 

Whether the Company was notified about the related party transaction before its commencement and if not, why pre-approval was not sought
and whether subsequent ratification would be detrimental to the Company; and 

Whether the related party transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any related party, taking into account the size
of the transaction, the overall financial position of the related party, the direct or indirect nature of the related party s interest
in the transaction and the ongoing nature of any proposed relationship and any other factors the Audit Committee deems relevant. 

If
a related party transaction will be ongoing, the Audit Committee may establish guidelines for the Company s management to follow
in its ongoing dealings with the related party. Thereafter, the Audit Committee shall periodically review and assess ongoing relationships
with the related party. Any material amendment, renewal or extension of a transaction, arrangement or relationship previously reviewed
under the Policy shall also be subject to subsequent review under the Policy. 

In
addition to guidelines for ongoing related party transactions, the Audit Committee may, as it deems appropriate and reasonable, establish
from time-to-time guidelines regarding the review of other related party transactions including those that (i) involve de minimus amounts,
(ii) do not require public disclosure, or (iii) involve transactions that have primarily a charitable purpose. 

Director
Independence 

Our
common stock was quoted for trading on the OTC Pink Sheet market operated by OTC Markets Group and we are not required to have independent
members of our Board of Directors pursuant to OTC Pink Sheet market rules. Notwithstanding that we currently consider Leo Womack and
Ivar Siem as independent directors. 

38 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Our
independent public accounting firm is M K CPAS, PLLC, Houston, Texas, PCAOB Auditor ID #2738. 

M K
CPAS, PLLC M K served as our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022,
and December 31, 2021. The following table shows the aggregate fees billed to us for these years by M K. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees 
 54,000 
 40,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 54,000 
 40,000 

Audit
fees represent amounts billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and the
reviews of the financial statements included in our Form 10-Q reports. 

Audit related fees represent fees billed for services
related to review of our regulatory filings, including registration statements, periodic reports and audit related consulting. 

Tax fess represent professional services for tax compliance,
tax advice and tax planning. 

Other fess are any other services provided. 

It
is the policy of our Board of Directors that all services be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, including
audit services, and permitted audit-related and non-audit services, must be pre-approved by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors
pre-approved all services, audit and non-audit related, provided to us by M K for 2021 and 2022. 

To
assure continuing auditor independence, the Board of Directors periodically considers the independent auditor s qualifications,
performance and independence and whether there should be a regular rotation of our independent external audit firm. 

39 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) Audited
Financial Statements for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient
to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto included in this Form 10-K. 

(3)
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 

Filed
 or 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 File
 No. 

3.1 
 
 Original Colorado Articles of Incorporation 

SB-2 
 
 3.1 
 
 7/25/2006 
 
 333-136012 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Colorado Articles of Incorporation 

SB-2 
 
 3.2 
 
 7/25/2006 
 
 333-136012 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to Colorado Articles of Incorporation 

S-1 
 
 3.3 
 
 10/24/2012 
 
 333-184575 
 
 3.4 
 
 Texas Certificate of Conversion Converting From Rockdale Resources Corporation (Colorado) to Petrolia Energy Corporation (Texas) filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on June 15, 2016 

8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/12/2016 
 
 000-52690 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Correction to Texas Certificate of Formation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on August 24, 2016 

8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 9/12/2016 
 
 000-52690 
 
 3.6 
 
 Statement of Conversion as filed with the Secretary of State of Colorado on August 30, 2016 

8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 9/12/2016 
 
 000-52690 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Petrolia Energy Corporation, filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on May 3, 2017 

10-Q 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/15/2017 
 
 000-52690 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation to Increase the Company s Authorized Shares of Common Stock to 400,000,000 Shares and to amend the par value of the Preferred Stock to 0.001 per share, filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on November 9, 2017 

10-Q 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/28/2018 
 
 000-52690 

40 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designations of s Series B Preferred Stock of Petrolia Energy Corporation, filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on October 25, 2021 

8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/25/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Petrolia Energy Corporation, filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on October 12, 2021 

8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/3/2022 
 
 000-52690 
 
 3.11 
 
 Bylaws of Petrolia Energy Corporation (Texas) 

8-K 
 
 3.4 
 
 9/12/2016 
 
 000-52690 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities of the Company 
 
 X 

10.1 
 
 500,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated April 1, 2018 entered into with Blue Sky International Holdings Inc. 

10-K 
 
 10.28 
 
 4/17/2017 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended Revolving Line of Credit Agreement with Jovian Petroleum Corporation dated February 9, 2018 and amended April 12, 2018 

10-K 
 
 10.29 
 
 4/17/2017 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.3# 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement dated April 19, 2018, by and between James E. Burns and Petrolia Energy Corporation 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/1/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Chairman Offer Letter dated April 20, 2018, by and between James E. Burns and Petrolia Energy Corporation 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/1/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, evidencing warrants to purchase 5,000,000 shares of common stock granted to James E. Burns on April 19, 2018 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/1/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.6 
 
 Bukit Energy Inc. 500,000 Promissory Note dated August 31, 2017 and amendment 

10-Q 
 
 10.7 
 
 3/31/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.7 
 
 Memorandum of Understanding between Blue Sky Resources Ltd. and Petrolia Energy Corporation dated June 29, 2018 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/6/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.8 
 
 Conveyance between Blue Sky Resources Ltd. and Petrolia Energy Corporation dated June 29, 2018 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/6/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.9 
 
 CAD 406,181 Promissory Note by Petrolia Energy Corporation in favor of Blue Sky Resources Ltd. dated June 8, 2018 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 7/6/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.10 
 
 EJL Debt Repayment Agreement effective July 31, 2018, by and between Petrolia Energy Corporation and Blue Sky Resources Ltd (see Schedule 2A) 

8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 9/5/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.11 
 
 Assignment of 20 BOW EIH effective July 31, 2018, by and between Petrolia Energy Corporation and Bow Energy Ltd. (see Schedule 3) 

8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 9/5/2018 
 
 000-52690 

41 

10.12 
 
 Assignment of Petrolia Royalty effective July 31, 2018, by and between Petrolia Energy Corporation and Bow Energy Ltd. (see Schedule 4) 

8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 9/5/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.13 
 
 Petrolia Carry Agreement, by and between Petrolia Energy Corporation and Bow Energy Ltd. (see Schedule 5) 

8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 9/5/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of 12 Bridge Note 2018 

8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 9/5/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.15 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated and effective November 1, 2018, by and between Petrolia Energy Corporation and Crossroads Petroleum L.L.C. 

10-Q 
 
 10.16 
 
 5/10/2019 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.16 
 
 240,000 Promissory Note dated November 2, 2018, by Crossroads Petroleum L.L.C. in favor of Petrolia Energy Corporation 

10-Q 
 
 10.17 
 
 5/10/2019 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.17 
 
 Loan Agreement dated September 17, 2018 with Emmett Lescroart 

10-Q 
 
 10.18 
 
 5/10/2019 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.18 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated and effective August 6, 2019, by and between Petrolia Energy Corporation and FlowTex Energy LLC 

10-Q 
 
 10.19 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.19 
 
 Jovian Petroleum Corporation Line of Credit Extension, dated December 31, 2019 

10-Q 
 
 10.20 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.20# 
 
 Employment Agreement - Mark Allen dated September 1, 2020 

10-Q 
 
 10.22 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.21# 
 
 Executive Salary Payment Agreement Zel Khan dated January 11, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 10.23 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.22 
 
 Utikuma Letter Agreement between BSR and Petrolia dated June 29, 2020 

10-Q 
 
 10.24 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.23# 
 
 Executive Salary Payable Agreement Mark Allen dated March 30, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 10.25 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.24# 
 
 Debt to Equity Conversion Agreement Mark Allen dated March 30, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 10.26 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.25# 
 
 Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement Paul Deputy dated January 29, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 10.27 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.26 
 
 Settlement with Argonaut Insurance Company dated December 2021 

8-K 
 
 1.2 
 
 1/14/2022 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.27 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Debt Settlement with Prospera Energy, Inc. dated January 27, 2022 

8-K 
 
 1.1 
 
 2/28/2022 
 
 000-52690 

42 

10.28 
 
 Notice of Assignment - Emmett Lescroart loan to Petrolia Canada Corporation dated February 11, 2022 

10-Q 
 
 10.31 
 
 06/15/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.29 
 
 Amended Loan Agreement Emmett Lescroart The Prospera/Cona Assets dated January 27, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 10.32 
 
 06/15/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.30 
 
 Amended Loan Agreement Emmett Lescroart The Utikuma Asset dated January 27, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 10.33 
 
 06/15/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.31# 
 
 Amended Loan Agreement Joel Oppenheim dated February 12, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 10.34 
 
 06/15/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.32# 
 
 Amended Loan Agreement Ivar Siem/American Resources/Drillmar dated January 1, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 10.35 
 
 06/15/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.33# 
 
 Amended Loan Agreement Mark Allen dated January 1, 2021 

10-Q 
 
 10.36 
 
 06/15/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 10.34 
 
 Letter Agreement entered on June 11, 2022, by and between Blue Sky Resources Ltd. and Petrolia Energy Corporation 

8-K 
 
 1.0 
 
 06/24/2022 
 
 000-52690 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethical Business Conduct 

10-Q 
 
 14.1 
 
 9/30/2015 
 
 000-52690 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of MKM Engineering dated April 21, 2023 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

99.1 
 
 Appraisal of certain Oil and Gas interests owned by Petrolia Energy Corporation located in Alberta Canada as of December 31, 2022, dated April 21, 2023 
 
 X 

99.2 
 
 Appraisal of certain Oil and Gas interests owned by Petrolia Energy Corporation located in Chaves County, New Mexico as of December 31, 2022, dated April 12, 2023 
 
 X 

99.3 
 
 Charter of the Audit Committee 

8-K 
 
 99.1 
 
 5/24/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 99.4 
 
 Charter of the Compensation Committee 

8-K 
 
 99.2 
 
 5/24/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 99.5 
 
 Charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

8-K 
 
 99.3 
 
 5/24/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 99.6 
 
 Appraisal of certain Oil and Gas interests owned by Petrolia Energy Corporation located in Creek County, Oklahoma as of December 31, 2022, dated April 17, 2023 
 
 X 

99.7 
 
 Whistleblower Protection Policy 

8-K 
 
 14.1 
 
 5/24/2018 
 
 000-52690 
 
 99.8 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 

10-Q 
 
 14.3 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 99.9 
 
 Related Party Transaction Policy 

10-Q 
 
 14.4 
 
 5/27/2021 
 
 000-52690 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 X 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished herewith. 

 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan
or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PETROLIA
 ENERGY CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Mark Allen 

Mark
 Allen 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 Date:
 May 12, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Heather Monk 

Heather
 Monk 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial/Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date:
 May 12, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of l934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Mark Allen 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Mark
 Allen 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 May
 12, 2023 

/s/
 Heather Monk 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

Heather
 Monk 
 
 (Principal
 Financial/Accounting Officer) 
 
 May
 12, 2023 

/s/
 Leo Womack 

Leo
 Womack 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 12, 2023 

/s/
 James E. Burns 

James
 E. Burns 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 12, 2023 

/s/
 Ivar Siem 

Ivar
 Siem 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 12, 2023 

44 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Petrolia
Energy Corporation 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Petrolia Energy Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity/(deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
the company has an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and has a working capital deficit at December 31, 2022, which raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described
in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB . 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Going Concern 

As discussed in Note 3, the Company has an accumulated
deficit at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and has a working capital deficit at December 31, 2022, which raises substantial doubt about its
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. Auditing management s
estimates of a going concern can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues
and expenses, which are difficult to substantiate. To evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluated the
consolidated financial information along with management s plans to mitigate the going concern. In addition, we evaluated the Company s
disclosure in relation to this matter included in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 

s/
M K CPAS, PLLC 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019 

May
12, 2023 

F- 1 

PETROLIA
ENERGY CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property equipment 

Oil and gas, on the basis of full cost accounting: 

Evaluated Properties 

Furniture, equipment software 

Less accumulated depreciation depletion 

Net property and equipment 

Other assets 

Operating Lease Right-of-Use Asset 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related parties 

Operating Lease Liability 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued liabilities - related parties 

Notes payable - short term 

Notes payable - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Asset retirement obligations 

Operating Lease Liability 

Derivative liability 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred Series A stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred Series B stock, value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred Series C stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock, value 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

PETROLIA
ENERGY CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Oil and gas sales 

Total revenue 

Operating expenses 

Lease operating expense 

Production tax 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Asset retirement obligation accretion 

Loss on forfeiture 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Other income (expense) 

Gain on sale of assets 

Total other income (expenses) 

Net income (loss) before taxes 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Series A preferred dividends 

Series C preferred dividends 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Gain (loss) per share 

(Basic and diluted) 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PETROLIA
ENERGY CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depletion, depreciation and amortization 

Asset retirement obligation accretion and well plugging costs 

Operating Lease Accrual 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Warrants as finance fees 

Stock-based compensation expense 

PPP loan forgiven 

Gain on sale of assets 

Loss on forfeiture 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related parties 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued liabilities related parties 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Sale of equipment 

Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of Series C preferred stock 

Repayments of notes payable 

Repayments of related party notes payable 

Cash provided by financing activities 

Foreign currency remeasurement 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

Settlement of related party accrued liabilities for common shares 

Settlement of notes payable related party for common shares 

Modification of related party debt 

Accrued Series A preferred dividends 

Accrued Series C preferred dividends 

Series B Preferred Stock issued to directors 

Utikuma acquisition extra cost triggered by WTI 

Capitalized accrued interest 

F- 5 

PETROLIA
ENERGY CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Issued 
 income 
 deficit 
 (deficit) 

Preferred
 stock Series A 
 Preferred
 stock Series B 
 Preferred
 stock Series C 
 Common
 stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Shares to
 be 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Issued 
 income 
 deficit 
 (deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock based compensation 

Series A preferred dividends 

Series C preferred dividends 

Preferred Series C issued for cash 

Warrants issued as financing fee 

Common shares issued for conversion of debt 

Common shares issued for settlement of related party fees 

Warrants issued for conversion of debt 

Gain on modification of related party debt 

Gain on issuance of shares for settlement of accrued related party fees 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Series A preferred dividends 

Series C preferred dividends 

Preferred Series C issued for cash 

Warrants issued as financing fee 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PETROLIA
ENERGY CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

t hold any cash equivalents. 

The
oil and natural gas is typically sold in an unprocessed state to processors and other third parties for processing and sale to customers.
The Company recognizes revenue at a point in time when control of the oil or natural gas passes to the customer or processor, as applicable,
discussed below. For oil sales, control is typically transferred to the customer upon receipt at the wellhead or a contractually agreed
upon delivery point. Under our natural gas contracts with processors, control transfers upon delivery at the wellhead or the inlet of
the processing entity s system. For our other natural gas contracts, control transfers upon delivery to the inlet or to a contractually
agreed upon delivery point. In the cases where the Company sells to a processor, management has determined that the Company is the principal
in the arrangement and the processors are customers. The Company recognizes the revenue in these contracts based on the net proceeds
received from the processor. 

Transfer
of control drives the presentation of transportation and gathering costs within the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
Transportation and gathering costs incurred prior to control transfer are recorded within the transportation and gathering expense line
item on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, while transportation and gathering costs incurred subsequent to control
transfer are recorded as a reduction to the related revenue. 

A
portion of our product sales are short-term in nature. For those contracts, the Company uses the practical expedient in Accounting Standards
Codification ASC 606-10-50-14 exempting us from disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance
obligations if the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. 

For
our product sales that have a contract term greater than one year, the Company has utilized the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14(a)
which states the Company is not required to disclose the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the variable
consideration is allocated entirely to an unsatisfied performance obligation. Under these sales contracts, each unit of product represents
a separate performance obligation; therefore, future volumes are unsatisfied, and disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining
performance obligations is not required. The Company has no unsatisfied performance obligations at the end of each reporting period. 

Management
does not believe that significant judgments are required with respect to the determination of the transaction price, including any variable
consideration identified. There is a low level of uncertainty due to the precision of measurement and use of index-based pricing with
predictable differentials. Additionally, any variable consideration identified is not constrained. 

Uncertain
tax positions are recognized in the financial statements only if that position is more likely than not of being sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain
tax positions in the income tax provision. There are currently no unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would affect the tax rate.
There was interest or penalties recognized for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company is required to file federal income tax returns in the United States and Canada, and in various state and local jurisdictions.
The Company s tax returns are subject to examination by taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which it operates in accordance
with the normal statutes of limitations in the applicable jurisdiction. 

ARO
 liabilities 

December
 31, 2022 

Derivative
 liabilities 

ARO
 liabilities 

The
carrying value of cash, accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, accounts payable related parties, accrued
liabilities and accrued liabilities related parties, as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets, approximate fair value,
due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of notes payable approximates their fair value due to immaterial
changes in market interest rates and the Company s credit risk since issuance of the instruments or due to their short-term nature.
Derivative liabilities are remeasured at fair value every reporting period. Our derivative liabilities are considered level 3 financial
instruments. 

Additions 

Dispositions 

Foreign currency translation 

As of December 31, 2021 

Additions 

Dispositions 

Foreign currency translation 

As of December 31, 2022 

Accumulated depletion 

As of December 31, 2020 

Dispositions 

Depletion 

Foreign currency translation 

As of December 31, 2021 

Depletion 

Foreign currency translation 

As of December 31, 2022 

Net book value as at December 31, 2022 

Net book value as at December 31, 2021 

U.S.
Properties Minerva-Rockdale Field NOACK Field 

On
November 1, 2018, the Company sold leasehold net revenue interest and working interest in the NOACK Field Assets, i.e., the
Company s leasehold in the Noack Farms, Minera Lease and all related leases and assets located in Milam County, Texas (the NOACK
Assets to Crossroads Petroleum LLC CP for . The terms of this agreement included to be paid
as a deposit with the balance of to be paid by December 31, 2018. On April 15, 2019, the Company foreclosed on the property
since CP did not satisfy all of the contractual payment requirements. On April 15, 2019, the remaining unpaid receivable balance was
 which was written off as a loss on sale of property. Note that previous payments of were forfeited to the Company and
no reimbursement to CP was made. 

On
August 6, 2019, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement PSA for the sale of the same NOACK property with
Flowtex Energy LLC. FT ). The purchaser agreed to pay for the NOACK Assets including a deposit that was
received on August 15, 2019, and the remaining balance of to be received by September 30, 2019. By December 31, 2020, FT had
made cumulative payments of , resulting in a account receivable to the Company at December 31, 2020 which is included
in other current assets. The was recorded as a gain on sale of properties. On July 6, 2021, the remaining accounts receivable
was settled via the purchaser remitting a cash payment of , as well as paying (on the Company s behalf) 
 of outstanding property tax invoices previously incurred by the Company. 

U.S.
Properties Slick Unit Dutcher Sand SUDS Field 

The
Slick Unit Dutcher Sand (SUDS) field is located in Creek County, Oklahoma. Petrolia owns a working interest (WI) with an approximately 
 net revenue interest (NRI) in the acre field. The SUDS West unit is approximately acres and the SUDS East unit is approximately
 acres. 

As
of December 31, 2022, SUDS total estimated net proved reserves were approximately thousand barrels of oil equivalent (MBoe) and total
estimated net probable reserves were approximately thousand barrels of oil equivalent (MBoe). 

On January 13, 2023, the Company received an Incident
and Complaint Investigation Report issued by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission (OCC) due to a mineral owner complaint. The OCC issued
a plug or produce order for SUDS West unit and SUDS East unit. The Company has received two extensions of time and is working with the
OCC to implement a production plan to bring both units into compliance. 

The SUDS field is still burdened with the Lazy D Ranch Slick, LLC (Plaintiff)
vs. Petrolia Energy Corporation (Defendant) litigation, including the Statement of Judgment dated February 20, 2020 and the Settlement
Agreement and Release dated August 2020. 

U.S.
Properties Twin Lakes San Andres Unit TLSAU Field 

The
Twin Lakes San Andres Unit (TLSAU) field is located in Chaves County, New Mexico. As of December 31, 2022, it was determined that PEC
does not own any TLSAU leases, and therefore has no reserves. 

It
is estimated that PEC has 29 wells that need to be plugged and abandoned, plus surface remediated. The estimated cost of the TLSAU well
plugging and abandonment, and surface remediation obligations are approximately million. 

Luseland,
Hearts Hill and Cuthbert fields 

On
June 29, 2018, the Company acquired a working interest in approximately acres located in the Luseland, Hearts Hill, and Cuthbert
fields, located in Southwest Saskatchewan and Eastern Alberta, Canada. The working interest was acquired from Blue Sky (a related party).
Blue Sky had previously acquired an working interest in the Canadian Properties from Georox Resources Inc., who had acquired the
Canadian Properties from Cona Resources Ltd. and Cona Resources Partnership prior to the acquisition by the Company. 

The
effective date of the acquisition was June 1, 2018. The acquisition of the Canadian Properties was evidenced and documented by a Memorandum
of Understanding between the Company and Blue Sky dated June 29, 2018 and a Conveyance between the parties dated as of the same date,
pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire the Working Interest in consideration for in Canadian dollars CAD (approximately in U.S. dollars) of which CAD (approximately in U.S. dollars) was paid in cash (the Cash
Payment and CAD (approximately in U.S. dollars) was evidenced by a promissory note (the Acquisition
Note ). The Cash Payment was made with funds borrowed by the Company pursuant to the terms of that certain May 9, 2018,
Amended and Restated Loan Agreement entered with Bow and a third party (the Loan Agreement and the Lender ).
The amount owed under the Loan Agreement accrues interest at the rate of per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default)
and is due and payable on May 11, 2021. 

The
Working Interest will be held in the name of the Company s wholly-owned Alberta, Canada, subsidiary, Petrolia Canada Corporation.
The Acquisition Note which was dated June 8, 2018, bears interest at the rate of per annum, beginning on August 1, 2018 and is due
and payable on November 30, 2018, provided that the Company has the right to 

On
September 17, 2018, the Company entered a Memorandum of Understanding MOU with Blue Sky. Pursuant to the MOU, the Company
obtained the rights to acquire an additional working interest in the Canadian Properties, increasing our Working Interest to .
Total consideration paid from the Company to Blue Sky for the additional Working Interest was . 

On
February 16, 2022, the Company entered into both a Purchase and Sale Agreement and a Debt Settlement Agreement with Prospera Energy.
Prospera agreed to purchase the Company s twenty-eight percent working interest in the Cuthbert, Luseland and Heart Hills
assets in Saskatchewan and Alberta. Under these agreements Prospera will forgive CAD in accounts payable from the Company,
arising from joint interest billings. Prospera will also issue a CAD convertible debenture to Petrolia Canada, which can be
converted to common share units. Lastly, Prospera will pay the Company CAD in five equal installments. The original purchase
price of the assets was CAD, with an additional CAD of Asset Retirement Cost recognized at the time of purchase.
On the effective date of the sale, the Asset Retirement Obligation was CAD and the Accumulated Depletion was CAD.
The transaction resulted in a gain of CAD USD) See Form 8-K reference in Exhibits section below. The agreement
was effective on October 1, 2021. 

Utikuma
field 

On
May 1, 2020, Petrolia Energy Corporation acquired a 
working interest in approximately 
acres located in the Utikuma Lake area in Alberta, Canada. The property is an oil-weighted asset currently producing approximately
500 bpd of light oil. The working interest was acquired from Blue Sky Resources Ltd. in an affiliated party transaction as Zel C.
Khan, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, is related to the ownership of Blue Sky. Blue Sky acquired a 
working interest in the Canadian Property from Vermilion Energy Inc. via Vermilion s subsidiary Vermilion Resources. The
effective date of the acquisition was May 1, 2020. . 

On
December 2, 2020, Petrolia Canada Corporation received CAD from the proceeds of a secured royalty interest loan between Blue
Sky Resources and Prairie Sky Royalty related to the Utikuma asset. 

On
August 21, 2021, the Company signed a Letter Agreement to divest the Company s wholly owned Canada subsidiary, Petrolia Canada
Corporation (PCC) and its assets in consideration for in Canadian dollars (approximately in U.S. dollars) less
any contingent liabilities. The buyer is Blue Sky Resources Ltd. Blue Sky ), an affiliated party to Zel C. Khan, the Company s
former Chief Executive Officer. Petrolia Canada Corporation assets include a working interest in approximately acres located
in the Utikuma Lake area in Alberta, Canada, and working interest in the Luseland, Hearts Hill, and Cuthbert fields located in Southwest
Saskatchewan and Eastern Alberta. The Company received a non-refundable deposit of CAD on August 31, 2021. The remaining payment
schedule is as follows: CAD on the Closing Date (scheduled for September 30, 2021), CAD on October 31, 2021, less
Petrolia s contingent liabilities associated with the acquisition of Utikuma, and CAD on December 31, 2021. See Form
8-K reference in Exhibits section below. This transaction did not close, and the CAD has been added to other payables
to Blue Sky Resources. 

On May 5, 2023, the Company was notified by Blue Sky Resources (BSR), the operator of our Utikuma asset that the Province of Alberta has
declared a state of emergency due to wildfires in Alberta. We were informed that because of wildfires in the vicinity of our oilfield
assets, the field was shut in and all personnel were evacuated, and that the highway to the Slave Lake area has been closed. Early assessments
of the situation indicate that our Utikuma facilities may have incurred major damage. 

Credit note I (iii) 

Discount on credit note I 

Credit note II (iv) 

Lee Lytton 

Credit note III (v) 

Quinten Beasley (vi) 

Jovian Petroleum Corporation (vii) 

M. Horowitz 

(1) 

(i) 

(ii) 
 for a term of 
 and interest at per annum. Payments of principal and interest in the amount of were due monthly. This note was satisfied
 in 2022. 

(iii) 
 with a third party (including a origination
 fee). The note bore interest at an interest rate of per annum and matured on , with warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock (the Loan Warrants ), at an exercise price of per share in Canadian dollars and expire
 on . The fair value of issued warrants were recorded as a debt discount of and monthly amortization of .
 These funds were initially placed in escrow, then on May 29, 2020, they were used for the purchase of the Utikuma oil field. Pursuant
 to a loan extension agreement, on October 30, 2020, the Company issued warrants to purchase of common stock, at an exercise
 price of per share, expiring on . The fair value of the issued warrants was recorded as a debt discount of 
 and monthly amortization of . 

(iv) 
 ,
 which combined prior credit notes and accrued interest on those amounts. The loan bears interest at 
 per annum and had a maturity date of . The note held a security interest against the 
 Working Interest in the Cona assets and a security guarantee of a working interest in the Utikuma oil field and a working interest
 in the TLSAU field. The note was assigned to Blue Sky Resources on February 11, 2022, and moved to Related Party Notes Payable. See
 Note 7. Related Party Notes Payable. 

(v) 
 that consolidated these amounts. The loan bears interest at per annum and has a maturity date of . On August 31, 2021, this loan was in default due to missed interest payments, and a default interest rate was applied to the principal balance. On February 3, 2022, 150,000 of this note was assigned to Blue Sky Resources. All balances of this note have been moved to Related Party Notes Payable. See Note 7. Related Party Notes Payable. 

(vi) 

(vii) 
 (subsequently increased
 to on April 12, 2018) with Jovian Petroleum Corporation Jovian ). The CEO of Jovian is Quinten Beasley, our
 former director (resigned October 31, 2018), and of Jovian is owned by Zel C. Khan, our former CEO and director. The initial
 agreement was for a period of 6 months, and it can be extended for up to 5 additional terms of 6 months each. All amounts advanced
 pursuant to the LOC will bear interest from the date of advance until paid in full at simple interest per annum. Interest will
 be calculated on a basis of a 360-day year and charged for the actual number of days elapsed. Subsequent to period-end this LOC has
 been extended until December 31, 2021. As of September 1, 2021, Zel Khan and Quinten Beasley resigned from their positions at Petrolia
 Energy, so this note has been removed from the related party section. On February 2, 2022, the LOC was assigned to Blue Sky Resources, and moved
to Related Party Notes Payable. See note 7. Related Party Notes Payable. Also, see Note 16. Subsequent Events regarding the dispute
 of this value. 

Thereafter 

Total 

Short-term
leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Lease expense for short-term leases is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any short-term leases. 

Current lease liabilities 
 Other current liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Blue Sky Resources (i) 

Blue Sky Resources (ii) 

Blue Sky Resources (iii) 

Ivar Siem (iv) 

Mark Allen (v) 

Mark Allen (vi) 

Mark Allen (vii) 

Joel Oppenheim (viii) 

(i) 
 (subsequently increased
 to on April 12, 2018) with Jovian Petroleum Corporation Jovian ). The CEO of Jovian is Quinten Beasley, our
 former director (resigned October 31, 2018), and of Jovian is owned by Zel C. Khan, our former CEO and director. The initial
 agreement was for a period of 6 months, and it can be extended for up to 5 additional terms of 6 months each. All amounts advanced
 pursuant to the LOC will bear interest from the date of advance until paid in full at simple interest per annum. Interest will
 be calculated on a basis of a 360-day year and charged for the actual number of days elapsed. Subsequent to period-end this LOC has
 been extended until December 31, 2021. On September 1, 2021, Zel Khan and Quinten Beasley resigned from their positions at Petrolia
 Energy, so this note had been removed from the related party section. On February 2, 2022, the LOC was assigned to Blue Sky Resources and moved to Related Party Notes Payable. 

(ii) 

(iii) 
 ,
 which combined prior credit notes and accrued interest on those amounts. The loan bears interest at 
 per annum and had a maturity date of . The note holds a security interest against the 
 Working Interest in the Cona assets and a security guarantee of a working interest in the Utikuma oil field and a working interest
 in the TLSAU field. The note was assigned to Blue Sky Resources on February 11, 2022, and moved to Related Party Notes Payable. 

(iv) 
 
 with Ivar Siem. The note bears interest at an interest rate of 
 per annum with a four (4) month maturity. On December 4, 2019, the Company entered into a loan agreement in the amount of 
 with Ivar Siem. The note bears interest at an interest rate of 
 per annum with a six (6) month maturity. At the maturity date, the noteholder has the right to collect the principal plus interest
 or convert into 
 shares of common stock at 
 per share. In addition, if converted, the noteholder will also receive 
 warrants at an exercise price of 
 per share, vesting immediately with a 36-month expiration period. On February 28, 2020, the Company entered into a 
 loan agreement with Ivar Siem. The note does not bear any interest 
 interest rate) and is due on demand. The note includes warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock (the Loan Warrants ), at an exercise price of 
 per share in Canadian dollars and expired on . The warrants vest and were issued on January 1, 2021. On January 1, 2021, the Company entered into an amended loan
 agreement in the amount of ,
 which combined the three previous loans, along with accrued interest. The note bears an interest rate of 
 and matured on . 

(v) 
 from Mr. Allen. The note bears interest at an interest rate of per annum and matured on . 

(vi) 
 with Mark Allen. The note bears interest at an interest
 rate of per annum and matured on . At the maturity date, the note holder has the right to collect the principal
 plus interest or convert into shares of common stock at per share. In addition, upon conversion, the note holder
 will also receive warrants at an exercise price of per share, vesting immediately with a 36-month expiration period.

(vii) 
 with Mark Allen. The note bears interest at
 an interest rate of per annum and matured on , with warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the Loan
 Warrants ), at an exercise price of per share in Canadian dollars and expire on . The fair value of issued
 warrants were recorded as a debt discount of and monthly amortization of . On February 14, 2020, the Company entered
 into a loan agreement in the amount of with Mark Allen. The note bears interest at an interest rate of per annum and
 matures on , with warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the Loan Warrants ), at an exercise
 price of per share in Canadian dollars and expired on . The fair value of issued warrants were recorded as
 a debt discount of and monthly amortization of . On January 1, 2021, the Company entered into an amended loan agreement
 in the amount of , which combined the two previous loans, along with accrued interest. The note bears an interest rate of
 and matured on June 30, 2021 . 

(viii) 

Thereafter 

Total 

shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share in Canadian dollars. The warrants are valued using
the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model and the derivative is fair valued at the end of each reporting period. The Company valued the
derivative liability at initial recognition as . These warrants expired on . 

On
January 6, 2020, as an inducement to enter into a Loan Agreement, the Company issued, among other instruments, warrants to acquire 
shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share. The warrants are valued using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model
and the derivative is fair valued at the end of each reporting period. The Company valued the derivative liability at initial recognition
as . 

On
October 30, 2020, as an inducement to extend the principal payment deadline from the previously issued Loan Agreement, the Company issued
additional warrants to acquire shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share. The warrants are valued using
the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model and the derivative is fair valued at the end of each reporting period. The Company valued the
derivative liability at initial recognition as . 

As of December 31, 2022, all of the above warrants were expired, so no further derivative value exists. 

Additions 

Fair value adjustments 

As of December 31, 2022 

Derivative
liability classified warrants in the years ended December 31, 2022 were valued using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model with the
range of assumptions outlined below. Expected life was determined based on historical exercise data of the Company. 

Expected life 
 years 
 
 Expected dividend rate 

Expected volatility 

On
April 8, 2021, the State of New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department Oil Conservation Division OCD sent the Company a Notice of Violation alleging that the Company was not in compliance with certain New Mexico Oil and Gas Act regulations
(the NMAC ), associated with required reporting, inactive wells and financial assurance requirements, plugging certain abandoned
wells, providing required financial assurance in connection with plugging expenses, and proposing to assess certain civil penalties in
the amount of an aggregate of approximately . 

As
previously reported and in Petrolia s Form 8-K dated October 25, 2021 (reference to which is hereby made), on April 8, 2021, the
State of New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department, Oil Conservation Division (the OCD issued a Notice
of Violation (the NOV to Petrolia alleging that the Company violated four regulations under Title 19, Chapter 15 of the
New Mexico Administrative Code (the NMAC by: (i) failing to file production reports for certain wells, (ii) exceeding
the number of inactive wells allowed, (iii) failing to provide financial assurance in the amount required, and (iv) failing to provide
additional financial assurance in the amount required. 

The
Company acknowledged the violations alleged in the NOV and requested an informal resolution. On December 30, 2021, to resolve this matter,
Petrolia entered into a Stipulated Final Order the SFO in Case No. 21982 with the OCD whereby Petrolia among other things
agreed to: (i) submit appropriate forms for wells identified on the SFO Inactive Well List, (ii) plug the specific TLSAU wells listed
in section 8 (c) and (d) of the SFO, as well as submit all required information and forms specified in the SFO, (iii) open an escrow
account meeting the terms listed in the SFO, (iv) deposit funds into an escrow account within the timeframe described in the SFO, and
(v) provide the OCD with a report proposing deadlines for bringing all remaining wells into compliance. The company recognized an additional
liability of to plug these wells. 

The
Company entered into a settlement agreement on July 27, 2020 with Moon Company, Trustee of the O Brien Mineral Trust pursuant to
which nine leases totaling approximately 3,800 acres of the 4,880 acre Twin Lakes San Andres Unit were terminated as a part of the settlement
agreement. Pursuant to this settlement agreement, the Company no longer has the right to produce oil, gas, or other hydrocarbons and
any other minerals from the mineral estate encumbered by the leases and owned by the trustee of the O Brien Mineral Trust. 

AROs
associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets are recognized as liabilities with an increase to the carrying amounts of
the related long-lived assets in the period incurred. The fair value of AROs is recognized as of the acquisition date of the working
interest. The cost of the tangible asset, including the asset retirement cost, is depleted over the life of the asset. AROs are recorded
at estimated fair value, measured by reference to the expected future cash outflows required to satisfy the retirement obligations discounted
at the Company s credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. Accretion expense is recognized over time as the discounted liabilities
are accreted to their expected settlement value. If estimated future costs of AROs change, an adjustment is recorded to both the ARO
and the long-lived asset. Revisions to estimated AROs can result from changes in retirement cost estimates, revisions to estimated discount
rates and changes in the estimated timing of abandonment. 

- 
 
 Estimated asset life 
 - years 

Plugging liability at Twin Lakes 

Accretion expense 

Disposition 

Foreign currency translation 

Asset retirement obligations, December 31, 2021 

Plugging liability at Twin Lakes 

Accretion expense 

Disposition 

Foreign currency translation 

Asset retirement obligations, December 31, 2022 

per annum. The Preferred Stock will
automatically convert into common stock when the Company s common stock market price equals or exceeds per share for 30 consecutive
days. At conversion, . 

In
accordance with the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, cumulative dividends of 
and 
were accrued for the year ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

The
holders of Series B Preferred Stock do not accrue dividends and have no conversion rights. For so long as any shares of Series B Preferred
Stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately as a class, have the right to vote on all shareholder matters
(including, but not limited to at every meeting of the stockholders of the Company and upon any action taken by stockholders of the Company
with or without a meeting) equal to sixty percent (60 of the total vote. No shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by any person who
is not then a member of Board of Directors of the Company shall have any voting rights. For more information, see Form 8-K reference
in the Exhibits section. 

The
holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a rate of per annum. If any shares of Series C
Preferred Stock remain outstanding as of December 31, 2023, the dividend rate will increase to 11 per annum. The Series C Preferred
Stock will automatically convert into common stock upon any registered public offering of the Company s common stock. At conversion,
 . 

In
accordance with the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock, cumulative dividends of and were accrued for the year ended December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Common
stock 

On
January 25, 2021, the Company signed an Executive Salary Payable Agreement with Zel Khan as the Chief Executive Officer. All of Mr. Khan s
previous salary obligations were satisfied by the issuance of shares of the Company on January 25, 2021. 

Joel
Oppenheim, former Director, was issued shares on January 25, 2021, pursuant to a Director s Fees Payable Agreement. The
agreement stated that the shares were issued in full satisfaction of all outstanding director fees payable. 

, to be paid in 2,500 monthly increments, starting April 1, 2021. In addition, Mr. Deputy was issued shares of
Petrolia common stock on January 29, 2021. The shares were issued at the price on that date of . This created a gain of 
that was recorded as additional paid in capital, due to the related party nature of the transaction. Two payments were made in 2021 and of this payable is remaining on December 31, 2022. 

On
March 30, 2021, Mark Allen converted of unpaid contract wages from early 2020 into common shares of common stock. A conversion
price of per share was used to determine the number of shares. 

On
March 30, 2021, Mark Allen converted a defaulted secured loan of and of accrued interest as well as of guaranteed
return that was due on December 15, 2019. The conversion consisted of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase
common stock. The warrants have a strike price of per share and expire in . 

More
details on the transactions above can be found in Note 11. Related Party Transactions. 

The
common stock is currently not traded. 

Warrants 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding at year ended December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding at year ended December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining contractual life of warrants outstanding was years (2021 years). 

As
of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of warrants outstanding is (2021 - ). 

Pursuant to financing arrangements 

Pursuant to loan agreements 

Total 

to 

Expected
 life 

years 

- years 

Expected
 dividend rate 

Expected
 volatility 

to 

to 

On
October 30, 2020, a third-party debtor was issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of 
 per share. The warrants have a -year expiration date. The warrants were issued in exchange of an agreement to extend a debt principal
payment deadline. The fair value of the warrants is calculated using the Black Sholes Option Pricing Model and recorded as a debt discount.
See Note 7 for more details. 

On
March 31, 2021, Mark Allen was issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share.
The warrants have a -year expiration date. The warrants were issued as part of an agreement releasing the company of an outstanding
loan of and outstanding guaranteed return on that loan. See Note 11 for more details. 

working interest in approximately 
net working interest acres located in the Utikuma Lake area in Alberta, Canada. The property is an oil-weighted asset currently
producing approximately 525 bopd of light oil. The working interest was acquired from Blue Sky Resources Ltd. in an affiliated party
transaction as Zel C. Khan, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, is related to the ownership of Blue Sky. Blue Sky
acquired a 
working interest in the Canadian Property from Vermilion Energy Inc. via Vermilion s subsidiary Vermilion Resources. The
effective date of the acquisition was May 1, 2020. The total purchase price of the property was 
CAD, with 
of that total due initially. The additional 
was contingent on the future price of WTI crude. ). 
The price of WTI crude exceeded 50/bbl on January 6, 2021 and exceeded 57/bbl on February 8, 2021. The additional payments due
were netted with the accounts receivable balance from previous Joint Interest Billing statements from BSR. The total USD value of
the addition was 
USD, using prevailing exchange rates on the respective dates. Included in the terms of the agreement, the Company also funded their
portion of the Alberta Energy Regulator AER bond fund requirement CAD 
USD), necessary for the wells to continue in production after the acquisition. Additional funds in the amount of CAD 
USD) remain in the other current asset balance for future payments to BSR, related to the acquisition. 

On
January 7, 2021, prior Board Member Joel Oppenheim was issued shares of common stock. These shares were in exchange for Mr. Oppenheim
releasing the Company of his remaining board compensation balance of . The shares were issued at the price on that date of .
This created a gain of that was recorded as additional paid in capital, due to the related party nature of the transaction. 

On
January 11, 2021, prior CEO Zel Khan was issued shares of common stock. These shares were in exchange for Mr. Khan releasing
the Company of his remaining deferred outstanding salary balance of . The shares were issued at the price on that date of .
This created a gain of that was recorded as additional paid in capital, due to the related party nature of the transaction. 

On
January 29, 2021, prior CFO Paul Deputy was reinstated as Interim Chief Financial Officer and signed an agreement that in exchange for
 shares of common stock and monthly payments of starting in April 2021, he would release the Company of his remaining
deferred outstanding salary balance of . The shares were issued at the price on that date of . This created a gain of
 that was recorded as additional paid in capital, due to the related party nature of the transaction. 

On
March 30, 2021, President Mark Allen was issued shares of common stock. A conversion price of per share was used to determine
the number of shares. These shares were in exchange for Mr. Allen releasing the company of an outstanding consulting fee balance of .
The shares were issued at the price on that date of . This created a gain of that was recorded as additional paid in capital,
due to the related party nature of the transaction. 

On
March 31, 2021, President Mark Allen was issued shares of common stock. These shares were in exchange for Mr. Allen releasing
the company of an outstanding loan of with of accrued interest and outstanding guaranteed return on that loan of .
The shares were issued at the price on that date of . In addition, the president was granted warrants to purchase shares
of common stock at , vesting immediately. The warrants expire in 36 months. The warrants were valued at using the Black
Sholes method. This created a loss of that was recorded as a reduction to additional paid in capital, due to the related party
nature of the transaction. 

On
August 21, 2021, the Company signed a Letter Agreement to divest the Company s wholly-owned Canada subsidiary, Petrolia Canada
Corporation (PCC) and its assets in consideration for 
in Canadian dollars (approximately 
in U.S. dollars) less any contingent liabilities. The buyer is Blue Sky Resources Ltd. Blue Sky ), an affiliated party
to Zel C. Khan, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer. Petrolia Canada Corporation assets include a 
working interest in approximately 
acres located in the Utikuma Lake area in Alberta, Canada, and 
working interest in the Luseland, Hearts Hill, and Cuthbert fields located in Southwest Saskatchewan and Eastern Alberta. The
Company received a non-refundable deposit of 
CAD on August 31, 2021. The remaining payment schedule is as follows: 
CAD on the Closing Date (scheduled for September 30, 2021), 
CAD on October 31, 2021, less Petrolia s contingent liabilities associated with the acquisition of Utikuma, and 
CAD on December 31, 2021. See Form 8-K reference in Exhibits section. This transaction did not close, and the 
CAD was added to other payables due to Blue Sky Petroleum in the fourth quarter of 2021. 

On
October 25, 2021, Petrolia Energy Corporation issued one share of its newly designated shares of Series B Preferred Stock to each of
the three members of its then Board of Directors, (1) James E. Burns, (2) Leo Womack and (3) Ivar Siem, in consideration for services
rendered to the Company as members of the Board of Directors. Such shares of Series B Preferred Stock vote in aggregate sixty percent of the total vote on all shareholder matters, voting separately as a class. This stock was valued by an independent party at 
per share. For further information, see Form 8-K reference in Exhibits section. 

In
October and November of 2021, Board Member Leo Womack purchased an aggregate of shares of Series C Preferred Stock for cash of
 . 

per month for the first 12 months, then increasing by annually. 

valuation allowance. Years from 2016 forward are open to examination by tax
authorities in the United States. Years from 2019 forward are open to examination by Canadian tax authorities. 

(2021 on operations due primarily to permanent differences attributable to organizational expenses. 

 SCHEDULE
OF INCOME TAX EXPENSES 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Income tax (benefit) expense computed at statutory rates 

Non-deductible items 

Change in statutory, foreign tax, foreign exchange rates and other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 

Asset retirement obligation 

Oil and gas properties 

Property and equipment 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

A
valuation allowance has been established to offset deferred tax assets. The Company s accumulated net operating losses in the
United States were approximately 
million on December 31, 2022 and . The Company s accumulated non-capital tax losses in Canada were
approximately 
million on December 31, 2022 and will . . The
Company s deferred tax assets, liabilities, and valuation allowance have been adjusted to reflect the impact of the new tax
law. 

Production costs 

Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion 

Results of operations from producing activities 

Total long-lived assets 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Revenue 

Production costs 

Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion 

Results of operations from producing activities 

Total long-lived assets 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

Total revenues 

working interest in the Utikuma field in Alberta, Canada for an aggregate purchase price of .
In connection with the acquisition, Company recognized an asset retirement obligation of . An additional CAD was contingent
on the future price of WTI crude. 
CAD). The price of WTI crude exceeded 50/bbl on January 6, 2021 and exceeded 57/bbl on February 8, 2021 . The additional payments due
were netted with the accounts receivable balance from previous Joint Interest Billing statements from BSR. The total USD value of the
addition was , using prevailing exchange rates on the respective dates. 

Unevaluated 

Evaluated 

Exploration 

Development 

Total costs incurred 

Capitalized
costs 

Capitalized
costs include the cost of properties, equipment and facilities for oil and natural-gas producing activities, excluding any asset retirement
obligations. Capitalized costs for proved properties include costs for oil and natural-gas leaseholds where proved reserves have been
identified, development wells, and related equipment and facilities, including development wells in progress. Capitalized costs for unproved
properties include costs for acquiring oil and gas leaseholds and geological and geophysical expenses where no proved reserves have been
identified. 

Gross capitalized costs 

Less: Accumulated DD A 
 - 

Net capitalized costs 

Oil
and Gas Reserve Information 

MKM
Engineering MKM ), an independent engineering firm, prepared the estimates of the proved reserves, future production, and
income attributable to the Chaves County, New Mexico and Creek County, Oklahoma and Canadian property leasehold interests as of December
31, 2022 and the estimates of the proved reserves, future production, and income attributable to the Milam County, Texas, Chaves County,
New Mexico and Creek County, Oklahoma leasehold interests as of December 31, 2021. The estimated proved net recoverable reserves presented
below include only those quantities that were expected to be commercially recoverable at prices and costs in effect at the balance sheet
dates under the then existing regulatory practices and with conventional equipment and operating methods. Proved Developed Reserves represent
only those reserves estimated to be recovered through existing wells. Proved Undeveloped Reserves include those reserves that may be
recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells on which a relatively major expenditure for recompletion or secondary
recovery operations is required. All of the Company s Proved Reserves are located onshore in the continental United States of America
and Canada. 

Discounted
future cash flow estimates like those shown below are not intended to represent estimates of the fair value of oil and gas properties.
Estimates of fair value should also consider unproved reserves, anticipated future oil and gas prices, interest rates, changes in development
and production costs and risks associated with future production. Because of these and other considerations, any estimate of fair value
is subjective and imprecise. 

Revisions of prior estimates 

Purchases of reserves in place 

Disposition of mineral in place 

Production 

December 31, 2021 

Revisions of prior estimates 

Purchases of reserves in place 

Disposition of mineral in place 

Production 

December 31, 2022 

Estimated quantities of proved undeveloped reserves BOE 

Proved
developed and proved undeveloped reserves decreased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, primarily due the revision of prior
estimates and production, and the removal of all Twin Lakes reserves. 

The
following table sets forth estimates of the proved developed and proved undeveloped oil and gas reserves (net of royalty interests) for
the Company and changes therein, for the period indicates. 

Proved developed producing and non-producing reserve 
 BOE 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Revision of prior estimates 

Production 

December 31, 2022 

Proved undeveloped reserves 
 BOE 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Revisions to prior estimates 

December 31, 2022 

Standardized
Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows 

The
Standardized Measure related to proved oil and gas reserves is summarized below. Future cash inflows were computed by applying a twelve-month
average of the first day of the month prices to estimated future production, less estimated future expenditures (based on year end costs)
to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves, less estimated future income tax expense. Future income tax expenses
are calculated by applying appropriate year-end tax rates to future pretax net cash flows, less the tax basis of properties involved.
Future net cash flows are discounted at a rate of annually to derive the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows.
This calculation procedure does not necessarily result in an estimate of the fair market value or the present value of the Company. 

Standardized
Measure of Oil and Gas 

Future production costs 

Future development costs 

Future income taxes 

Future net cash flows 

Discount of future net cash flows at per annum``` 

Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows 

Sales and transfers of oil gas produced, net of production costs 

Net changes in prices and production costs 

Changes in estimated future development costs 

Acquisitions/dispositions of minerals in place, net of production costs 

Revision of previous estimates 

Change in discount 

Change in production rate or other 

End of year 

F- 30 

<EX-4.01>
 2
 ex4-01.htm

Exhibit
4.01 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following summary describes the common stock of Petrolia Energy Corp., a Texas corporation Petrolia or the Company ),
which common stock is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Only the Company s common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

DESCRIPTION
OF COMMON STOCK 

The
following description of our common stock is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Formation,
as amended and our Bylaws, as amended, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and by applicable
law. For purposes of this description, references to Petrolia, we, our 
and us refer only to Petrolia and not to its subsidiaries. 

Authorized
Capitalization 

The
total number of authorized shares of our common stock is 400,000,000 shares, 0.001 par value per share. 

The
total number of blank check authorized shares of our preferred stock is 1,000,000 shares, 0.001 par value per share.
The total number of designated shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is 400,000; the total number of designated shares of
Series B Preferred Stock is 3; the total number of designated shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is 50,000. The terms of
our preferred stock are not included herein as such preferred stock is not registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights . Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all stockholder matters. Shares of our common stock do not
possess any cumulative voting rights. 

Except
for the election of directors, if a quorum is present, an action on a matter is approved if it receives the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the voting power of the shares of capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled
to vote on the matter, unless otherwise required by applicable law, Texas law, our Certificate of Formation, as amended or Bylaws, as
amended. The election of directors will be determined by a plurality of the votes cast in respect of the shares present in person or
represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote, meaning that the nominees with the greatest number of votes cast, even if less
than a majority, will be elected. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be impacted
by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we have designated, or may designate and issue in the future. 

Dividend
Rights . Each share of our common stock is entitled to equal dividends and distributions per share with respect to the common
stock when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, subject to any preferential or other rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 

Liquidation
and Dissolution Rights . Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata on
a share-for-share basis, the assets available for distribution to the stockholders after payment of liabilities and payment of preferential
and other amounts, if any, payable on any outstanding preferred stock. 

Fully
Paid Status. All outstanding shares of the Company s common stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Other
Matters . No holder of any shares of our common stock has a preemptive right to subscribe for any of our securities, nor are any
shares of our common stock subject to redemption or convertible into other securities. 

Business
Combinations under Texas Law 

A
number of provisions of Texas law, our Certificate of Formation and Bylaws could make it more difficult for the acquisition of our company
by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise and the removal of incumbent officers and directors. These provisions are intended
to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our company
to negotiate first with our board of directors. 

We
are subject to the provisions of Title 2, Chapter 21, Subchapter M of the Texas Business Organizations Code (the Texas Business
Combination Law ). That law provides that a Texas corporation may not engage in specified types of business combinations, including
mergers, consolidations and asset sales, with a person, or an affiliate or associate of that person, who is an affiliated shareholder ,
for a period of three years from the date that person became an affiliated shareholder, subject to certain exceptions (described below).
An affiliated shareholder is generally defined as the holder of 20 or more of the corporation s voting shares.
The law s prohibitions do not apply if the business combination or the acquisition of shares by the affiliated shareholder was
approved by the board of directors of the corporation before the affiliated shareholder became an affiliated shareholder; or the business
combination was approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation
not beneficially owned by the affiliated shareholder, at a meeting of shareholders called for that purpose, not less than six months
after the affiliated shareholder became an affiliated shareholder. 

Because
we have more than 100 of record shareholders, we are considered an issuing public corporation for purposes of this
law. The Texas Business Combination Law does not apply to the following: 

the
 business combination of an issuing public corporation: where the corporation s original charter or bylaws contain a provision
 expressly electing not to be governed by the Texas Business Combination Law; or that adopts an amendment to its charter or bylaws,
 by the affirmative vote of the holders, other than affiliated shareholders, of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares
 of the corporation, expressly electing not to be governed by the Texas Business Combination Law and so long as the amendment does
 not take effect for 18 months following the date of the vote and does not apply to a business combination with an affiliated shareholder
 who became affiliated on or before the effective date of the amendment; 

a
 business combination of an issuing public corporation with an affiliated shareholder that became an affiliated shareholder inadvertently,
 if the affiliated shareholder divests itself, as soon as possible, of enough shares to no longer be an affiliated shareholder and
 would not at any time within the three-year period preceding the announcement of the business combination have been an affiliated
 shareholder but for the inadvertent acquisition; 

a
 business combination with an affiliated shareholder who became an affiliated shareholder through a transfer of shares by will or
 intestacy and continuously was an affiliated shareholder until the announcement date of the business combination; or 

a
 business combination of a corporation with its wholly owned Texas subsidiary if the subsidiary is not an affiliate or associate of
 the affiliated shareholder other than by reason of the affiliated shareholder s beneficial ownership of voting shares of the
 corporation. 

Neither
our Certificate of Formation, nor our Bylaws contain any provision expressly providing that we will not be subject to the Texas Business
Combination Law. The Texas Business Combination Law may have the effect of inhibiting a non-negotiated merger or other business combination
involving our company, even if that event would be beneficial to our shareholders. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions of Our Charter Documents 

Our
Certificate of Formation and Bylaws contain various provisions intended to promote the stability of our stockholder base and render more
difficult certain unsolicited or hostile attempts to take us over, that could disrupt us, divert the attention of our directors, officers
and employees and adversely affect the independence and integrity of our business. These provisions include: 

Special
 Meetings of Stockholders Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may only be called by our Board,
 the Chairman, our President, a majority of the Board or a committee if designated with such power to call a meeting, or upon written
 notice to our board of directors by our stockholders holding not less than 25 of our outstanding voting capital stock. 

Amendment
 of Bylaws Our Bylaws may be amended by our Board of Directors alone. 

Advance
 Notice Procedures Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an
 annual meeting of our stockholders. At an annual meeting, our stockholders elect a Board of Directors and transact such other business
 as may properly be brought before the meeting. By contrast, at a special meeting, our stockholders may transact only the business
 for the purposes specified in the notice of the meeting. 

No
 cumulative voting Our Certificate of Formation and Bylaws do not include a provision for cumulative voting in the election
 of directors. 

Vacancies
 Our Bylaws provide that vacancies on our Board may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than
 a quorum, and not by the stockholders. 

Preferred
 Stock Our Certificate of Formation allows us to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 400,000 shares
 have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; 3 shares have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock is; and 50,000
 shares have been designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The undesignated preferred stock may have rights senior to those
 of the common stock and that otherwise could adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of the holders of common
 stock. In some circumstances, this issuance could have the effect of decreasing the market price of the common stock as well as having
 an anti-takeover effect. 

Authorized
 but Unissued Shares Our Board of Directors may cause us to issue our authorized but unissued shares of common stock in
 the future without stockholders approval. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including
 future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
 but unissued shares of common stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of a majority of our common
 stock by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

</EX-4.01>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Askarii
Resources, LLC, wholly-owned 

 Petrolia
Canada Corporation, wholly-owned 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF PETROLEUM ENGINEER 

We
consent to the references to our firm in the form and context in which they appear in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Petrolia Energy
Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (including, but not limited to, the notes to the financial
statements included therein) (the Annual Report ). 

We
further consent to the inclusion and use in the Annual Report of our reports dated December 31, 2022, relating to an estimate of certain
hydrocarbon reserves owned by Petrolia Energy Corporation (the Reports ), and the information from our report contained
in the Annual Report and the filing of the Reports as Exhibit 99.1, Exhibit 99.2, and Exhibit 99.6 to the Annual Report and all references to our firm and the Reports in the Annual Report. 

MKM
 ENGINEERING 
 State
 of Texas Registration No. F-009733 

By:
 
 /s/
 Michele Mudrone 

Name:
 
 Michele
 Mudrone, P.E. 

Title:
 
 Petroleum
 Engineer 

Date: 
 April
 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Mark Allen, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Petrolia Energy Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on my most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

May
 12, 2023 

/s/
 Mark Allen 

Mark
 Allen, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Heather Monk, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Petrolia Energy Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of the internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

May
 12, 2023 

/s/
 Heather Monk 

Heather
 Monk, Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report of Petrolia Energy Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Mark Allen certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the Company
 at the date and for the periods indicated. 

May
 12, 2023 

/s/
 Mark Allen 

Mark
 Allen, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Petrolia Energy Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Heather Monk certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the Company
 at the date and for the periods indicated. 

May
 12, 2023 

/s/
 Heather Monk 

Heather
 Monk, Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Finance/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 ex99-1.htm

Exhibit 99.1 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 10
 ex99-2.htm

Exhibit 99.2 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.6>
 11
 ex99-6.htm

Exhibit 99.6 

</EX-99.6>

<EX-101.SCH>
 26
 bbls-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 28
 bbls-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 29
 bbls-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 30
 bbls-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

