<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230406_10-K_edgar_data_1038277_0001515971-23-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11764846</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>180956</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5654967</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2282376</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1533648</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1952121</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001515971-23-000035.hdr.sgml : 20230406
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230405212101
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001515971-23-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230406
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230405

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERNATIONAL ISOTOPES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001038277
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INSTRUMENTS FOR MEASUREMENT, DISPLAY, AND CONTROL [3823]
		IRS NUMBER:				742763837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22923
		FILM NUMBER:		23804224

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4137 COMMERCE CIRCLE
		CITY:			IDAHO FALLS
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2085245300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4137 COMMERCE CIRCLE
		CITY:			IDAHO FALLS
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001515971-23-000035.txt : 20230406

10-K
 1
 inis10k123122.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ______________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or origination) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

COMMON STOCK, .01 PAR VALUE 

 (Title of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No
 o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). x No
 o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

1 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o 
 x 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the average bid and asked price of such common equity at June 30, 2022,
the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter, was approximately million. For purposes of this calculation,
all directors and executive officers of the registrant and holders of 10 or more of the registrant s common stock are assumed to
be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily conclusive for any other purpose. 

As of March 3, 2023, the number of shares outstanding
of the registrant s common stock, .01 par value, was shares. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Certain information called for in Part III of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting
of shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the registrant s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

2 

INTERNATIONAL ISOTOPES INC. 

FORM 10 K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 15 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 24 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 24 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 24 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 24 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 25 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 25 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 25 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 25 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 26 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 26 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 29 
 
 Signatures 
 
 30 
 
 - 

3 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual
Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial
position, made in this Annual Report are forward-looking. Words such as: anticipates, believes, should, 
 expects, future and intends and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. In
particular, statements regarding: financial condition, operating results and liquidity, future cash flow from operations, our ability
to achieve profitability, the expected growth in business segment revenues, our expansion into new markets, the ability of our products
to compete with several larger companies and products, the results of market studies used to support our business model, our anticipated
improvement in economic conditions, the expected increased revenue resulting from sales of our U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved
sodium iodide product, our ability to continue cobalt-60 production, the status of our proposed uranium de-conversion facility, and the
sufficiency of our available cash and revenues from operations to meet our operating needs, are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements
reflect management s current expectations, plans or projections and are inherently uncertain. Actual results could differ materially
from management's expectations, plans or projections. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ significantly
from management s expectations are described in the section entitled Risk Factors in this Annual Report. That section,
along with other sections of this Annual Report, describes some, but not all, of the factors that could cause actual results to differ
significantly from management s expectations. We do not intend to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements
that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Readers
are urged, however, to review the risks and other factors set forth in the other reports that we file from time to time with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS 

General Business and Products Description 

International Isotopes Inc. (the Company ,
 we , us and our produces an FDA approved generic sodium iodide I-131 drug product, manufactures
a wide range of nuclear medicine calibration and reference standards, provides radiochemicals for clinical research and life sciences,
and produces a variety of cobalt-60 products for medical, research, and industrial applications. 

 We were formed as a Texas corporation in 1995. Our
wholly-owned subsidiaries are International Isotopes Idaho Inc., a Texas corporation; International Isotopes Fluorine Products, Inc.,
an Idaho corporation; International Isotopes Transportation Services, Inc., an Idaho corporation; RadQual, LLC, a limited liability company
(RadQual); and TI Services, LLC, a limited liability company (TI Services). Our core business consists of four reportable segments which
include: Radiochemical Products, Cobalt Products, Nuclear Medicine Standards, and Fluorine Products. 

During 2022, we focused our efforts on achieving profitability
in each of our core business segments and reached several significant goals. During 2022, we: 

Increased company revenues by 16 . 

 Reached 11.2 million in total revenues which
was the largest single year in company history. 

 Increased sales in the Radiochemical segment
by 41 primarily through increases in sales of our FDA approved generic sodium iodide I-131 drug product. 

 Completed the sale of unused assets for 4.0
million in cash and for a gain of 1.8 million. 

 Developed several new products for our Nuclear
Medicine products segment and expanded our range of products in this segment into Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging standards. 

 Expanded sales of our nuclear medicine products
through exercising our management opportunity with RadQual, LLC (RadQual). In particular, we increased our international sales by utilizing
the marketing and distribution expertise of our wholly owned subsidiary TI Services; and 

 Continued to pursue viable opportunities to
obtain government or commercial contracts for depleted uranium de-conversion services for our U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC)
licensed de-conversion project in Lea County, New Mexico. 

4 

In 2023, we plan to continue efforts to further expand
and improve upon our operations in our core business segments. We intend to continue to invest in these segments and work to pursue product
development, reduce production costs, and expand sales in each of our segments. The following paragraphs provide a brief description of
each of our business segments. Certain financial information with respect to each of our business segments, including revenues from external
customers, a measure of profit or loss, and total assets, is set forth in Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements which begin
on page F-7. 

Radiochemical Products 

This segment includes the production and distribution
of various isotopically pure radiochemicals for medical, industrial, and research applications. These products are either directly produced
by us or are purchased in bulk from other producers and distributed by us in customized packages and chemical forms tailored to meet customer
and market demands. In February 2020, we received FDA approval of our ANDA for our generic sodium iodide I-131 drug product. Our generic
sodium iodide drug product is the only generic product of this type manufactured in the U.S. and offers customers an attractive domestic
alternative to the single existing foreign commercial drug manufacturer. We have two suppliers of sodium iodide I-131 from whom we purchased
material during 2021 and 2022 to produce this product in the most reliable manner possible. 

Cobalt Products 

Our cobalt products segment includes the production
of bulk cobalt (cobalt-60), fabrication of cobalt capsules for radiation therapy as well as various industrial applications, and recycling
of expended cobalt sources. 

The year-over-year demand for cobalt products has
remained strong as a result of the introduction of several new types of cobalt therapy units and we have continued to see demand for
cobalt-manufactured products for those devices. We have explored, and intend to continue to explore, opportunities to further develop
cobalt products and sales on an on-going basis. The production, use, transport, and import/export of these products are all heavily regulated,
but we have developed an experienced staff of technicians, shipping specialists, and supervisors as part of our efforts to comply with
the regulations and support cost effective, timely delivery of these products. 

At the present time, we are the sole purchaser of
high activity cobalt from any of the DOE reactors in the U.S. There are a few other cobalt source manufacturers in North America. We believe
both our product and service provide us with a competitive edge in competing with these other manufacturers. 

Nuclear Medicine Standards 

This segment consists of the manufacture of sources
and standards associated with Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) and Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging, patient
positioning, and calibration or operational testing of dose measuring equipment for the nuclear pharmacy industry. Our nuclear medicine
standards products include flood sources, dose calibrators, rod sources, flexible and rigid rulers, spot markers, pen point markers, and
a host of specialty design items. These products are manufactured and distributed by our wholly-owned subsidiary, RadQual. In July 2021,
we purchased the remaining 75.5 interest of RadQual. Prior this purchase we were one of two managing members of RadQual and had significant
influence in management decisions with regard to RadQual s business operations. Following the July 2021 acquisition, we have now
fully consolidated the income and expenses from both RadQual LLC and TI Services. 

5 

There are over 5,000 nuclear medicine centers in the
United States (U.S.) that require nuclear medicine products on a regular repeat basis. We have been manufacturing these products for RadQual
since 2001. Most nuclear medicine product sales are to U.S. customers. However, in recent years, because of stronger marketing efforts,
we have seen an increase in foreign sales, as shown in Note 14 to the accompanying audited financial statements. All these products contain
radioactive isotopes that decay at a predictable rate. Therefore, customers are required to periodically replace most of these products
when they reach the end of their useful lives. The useful life of these products varies depending on the isotope used in manufacture,
but in most cases averages eighteen months to two years. Most of the isotopes used in manufacturing these nuclear medicine products are
available from various sources world-wide and we are not dependent on a single supplier. In addition to the products themselves, we have
developed a complete line of specialty packaging for the safe transportation and handling of these products. 

This segment now includes source disposal activities
that were previously reported in the discontinued Radiological Services business segment. 

Radiological Services 

We discontinued separate reporting of activities of
our Radiological Services business segment. 

The Radiological Services business segment included
field services, gemstone processing, and source disposal. As the Company is no longer engaged in field services and gemstone processing,
which previously made up the substantial portion of activities of this segment, separate reporting of this segment has been discontinued.
Spaces and resources previously used to perform these discontinued business activities have been allocated to our other business segments.
The loss of revenue from these activities has been more than compensated for by the expansion of sales in our Radiochemical products segment
and expected expansion of sales in our Nuclear Medicine Standards segment. The Company continues to engage in source disposal activities
and has begun reporting these activities under the Nuclear Medicine Standards segment starting January 1, 2022. 

Fluorine Products and the Planned Uranium De-Conversion
Facility 

We established the fluorine products business segment
in 2004 to support production and sale of various fluoride gases produced using our Fluorine Extraction Process (FEP). FEP was intended
to be completed in conjunction with the operation of a proposed depleted uranium (DUF6) de-conversion facility in Lea County, New Mexico.
DUF6 is the waste by-product of uranium enrichment, and any uranium enrichment facility will create very large quantities of DUF6. In
October 2012, we received a construction and operating license from the NRC for the planned facility. Changes in the nuclear industry
near the end of 2013, however, significantly reduced commercial demand for this type of facility. Therefore, we suspended all further
development work on the project. We still anticipate a potential future need for a depleted uranium conversion facility and, therefore,
we are keeping all licenses and permits current. 

In connection with the proposed de-conversion facility,
Lea County, New Mexico transferred property to us under the provisions of the New Mexico Local Economic Development Act, Project Participation
Agreement (PPA) as a location for construction of the facility. Under the original agreement, we were obligated to meet certain performance
objectives for construction start and staffing levels. Because of the project delay we did not meet those objectives. We plan to continue
to work with Lea County to execute a modification to the agreement at some future point should the project move forward. If we do not
extend or modify the commitment dates in a modified agreement then we may either purchase or re-convey the property to Lea County, New
Mexico. If we do not retain title to the property, it could have a material adverse impact on future plans for the project. 

Industry Overview, Target Markets, and Competition 

The industries and markets that require or involve
the use of radioactive material are diverse. Our current core business operations involve products that are used in a wide variety of
applications and in various markets. The following provides an explanation of the markets and competitive factors affecting our current
business segments. 

Nuclear Medicine Standards 

Calibration and reference standards are required for
the daily operational checks and calibration of the measurement of SPECT and PET imaging devices frequently used in nuclear medicine.
Calibration and quality assurance testing are required as a routine part of the normal operations of this equipment to ensure its reliability
and accuracy. For years, we have been the exclusive manufacturer of RadQual reference standard products. As RadQual is now our wholly-owned
subsidiary, we continue to sell these same RadQual products through distributors who make direct sales in the U.S. and internationally.
We directly ship these products to all 50 states and many overseas locations. There is only one other major producer of these products
in the world that competes directly with us for these products. Most of the products manufactured by our 

6 

competitor are similar in design
to our products because all must meet Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) dimensional and performance standards. However, we attempt
to differentiate our products from our competitor s products through increased levels of quality control and customer service. We
are certified under ISO-9001:2015 and ISO-13485-2016 quality programs that have allowed us to start selling these products into several
foreign countries that require this additional quality certification
for manufacturers. We use a small number of suppliers for the isotopes and other materials used in manufacturing these nuclear medicine
products, but if we were to lose any of these suppliers, in most cases other suppliers would be available. We are also working to expand
the number and types of products that are manufactured in this segment and expand our raw product qualified suppliers 

Cobalt Products 

In 2014, we entered into a new 10-year agreement with
the DOE utilizing a new cobalt target design for high activity cobalt production. Because of the lengthy irradiation time required we
initially anticipated that cobalt shipments to customers would resume in late 2018. However, due to delays in the ATR operating schedule
we were not able to take our first shipment of these targets until March 2020. Due to lower than desired activity rates in the material,
we bought the remaining low activity targets at a discounted rate. There is a high demand for lower activity cobalt. We have taken shipment
of and sold this material throughout 2021 and 2022 and will continue to have supply for at least two more years. We are now working with
the DOE on future purchases of both high and low activity cobalt. Our cobalt products are used in applications such as radiation therapy,
security devices, radiography examination and in some commercial applications. While there are other technologies available to provide
external radiation therapy, there are several new devices just gaining market approval that still depend on cobalt sources for their specialized
applications. There are currently no other producers of high specific activity cobalt in the U.S., however, there are producers of high
specific activity material in Canada and several other countries. In addition to us, there is only one other company in the U.S. currently
licensed to handle large quantities of cobalt. 

There has been a significant increase in regulation
by the NRC in recent years that has created a significant barrier to new entrants to this market. We expect steady demand for cobalt sealed
source products over the next several years but are primarily dependent upon our contract relationship with the DOE for a large portion
of our cobalt production supply. An interruption in the operation of the ATR could have a negative impact on our cobalt products business
segment. 

Radiochemical Products 

In February 2020, our ANDA for a generic
radiochemical sodium iodide drug product was approved by the FDA. This product is approved for use in treatment of hyperthyroidism
and carcinoma of the thyroid and is the first and only generic sodium iodide I-131 product approved by the FDA in the U.S. and only
generic product of this type manufactured in the U.S. The only other supplier to the U.S. of an FDA approved sodium iodide product
comes from a foreign manufacturer. 

Since the launch of this drug product in 2020, the
corresponding sales have had a significant positive impact on our revenues in 2021 and 2022. We expect this significant growth in sales
for this product to continue in 2023 and beyond. We are also considering other generic drug opportunities and plan to expand the range
of FDA approved products offered within this business segment in the coming years. 

We also supply radiochemical products in bulk form.
The markets for most radiochemicals can be highly competitive. The target markets for these products are customers who (1) incorporate
them into finished industrial or medical devices; (2) use radioisotope products in clinical trials for various medical applications; or
(3) further process and include the radioisotope products into pharmaceutical products approved by the U.S. FDA for labeled use in therapy
or imaging. 

In February 2022, we sold the improvements and equipment
in an expansion that had been constructed to our manufacturing facility for cGMP processing. Using the capital from this sale, we are
currently developing a business plan and exploring other opportunities that support our current radiopharmaceutical product, produce additional
radiopharmaceutical products or explore new contract manufacturing opportunities. We believe that we are uniquely qualified and have a
 competitive advantage for future opportunities because
we have a unique combination of NRC licensing, GMP compliant operating facility, and trained personnel. 

Fluorine Products and the Planned Depleted Uranium
De-Conversion Facility 

Our Fluorine Products segment was developed in conjunction
with uranium de-conversion to take advantage of the anticipated need for depleted uranium de-conversion services. During 2013, we curtailed
all further work on the de-conversion facility because of a lack of demand for uranium de-conversion services at that time. However, we
believe that in the future 

7 

there will be a demand for this service to
address still growing stockpiles of depleted UF6. When that demand occurs, we believe the groundwork we have completed on the depleted
uranium de-conversion and fluorine extraction project should put us in a strong position to take advantage of the NRC license that has
already been issued for this facility and should serve to justify the financial investment in this uranium de-conversion project in the
future. 

Government Regulation 

Licensing 

We currently operate under two NRC licenses, one for
broad scope operations and another for exempt distribution. Our broad scope license covers calibration and reference standard manufacturing
and distribution, radioisotope processing and distribution, large scale cobalt processing and recycle operations, radioactive gemstone
processing, environmental sample analysis, certain field service activities, and research and development. The exempt distribution license
permits the release and distribution of irradiated gemstones to unlicensed entities in the U.S. All of our existing licenses and permits
are adequate to allow current business operations. We do not handle special nuclear materials (i.e. nuclear fuels and weapons
grade uranium, thorium or plutonium); therefore, our facility is not designated as a nuclear facility that would require
additional licensing. 

As a condition of our NRC licenses in Idaho, we are
required to provide financial assurance for decommissioning activities. We fulfill this license requirement with a surety bond which names
the NRC as beneficiary and is supported by a restricted cash account held in trust by a third party. Similar financial assurances will
be required to fund the decommissioning of the proposed de-conversion facility. 

In October 2012, we were granted a 40-year construction
and operating license by the NRC for our planned depleted uranium de-conversion and fluorine extraction processing facility (the de-conversion
facility ). The de-conversion facility is planned to be located in Lea County, New Mexico. Further engineering work on the proposed
de-conversion facility was placed on hold in 2013 until additional contracts for utilization could be obtained. There is no specific timeline
required by the NRC for the start of construction on this project. The majority of the pre-construction design, licensing and state permitting
has already been completed for the project and a ground water permit from the state of New Mexico remains to be obtained before the plant
could begin operation. 

Regulation of Radioisotope Production Waste 

All our manufacturing processes generate some radioactive
waste. We must handle this waste pursuant to the Low-Level Radioactive Waste (LLRW) Policy Act (LLRW Act), which requires the safe disposal
of mildly radioactive materials. The estimated costs for storage and disposal of these materials have been included in the manufacturing
and sales price of our products. However, actual disposal costs are subject to change at the discretion of the disposal site and are ultimately
applied at the time of disposal. We have obtained all necessary permits and approvals for the disposal of our waste materials, and we
do not anticipate any negative changes in capacity or regulatory conditions that would limit or restrict our waste disposal capabilities. 

Nuclear Regulatory Commission Oversight 

We operate under two NRC licenses and are subject
to NRC oversight and periodic inspections of our operations. 

Other Regulations 

We are registered as a medical device manufacturer
through the FDA for several of our nuclear medicine reference and calibration standards. We are registered with the U.S. Department of
Transportation (DOT) for the shipment of radioactive materials. We also have an NRC license for the import and export of radioactive materials.
Because of increasing security controls and regulations, it is likely that we may encounter additional regulations affecting transportation,
storage, sale, and import/export of radioactive materials. 

We are also subject to inspection by the FDA to manufacture
our sodium iodide I-131 product in compliance with our ANDA for sodium iodide I-131 and all applicable cGMP requirements for this and
other contract manufactured products. We are registered with the FDA as a drug manufacturing facility, and we are subject to periodic
and random inspections by the FDA for the continued manufacture of drug products. 

8 

We are subject to government regulation and intervention
both in the U.S. and in all foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations results
in higher capital expenditures and operating costs and changes to current regulations with which we must comply can necessitate further
capital expenditures and increases in operating costs to enable continued compliance. 

Environmental Compliance 

We are subject to various federal, state, local
and foreign government requirements regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the
protection of the environment. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and state statutes such as the Idaho
Hazardous Waste Management Act, the LLRW Policy Act, NRC regulations concerning various irradiated, radioactive, and depleted
uranium materials, and U.S. DOT regulations concerning shipment of radioactive materials. Certain of these laws and regulations can
impose substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations and require installation of costly equipment or operational changes
to limit emissions and/or decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance releases. We have incurred, and expect to
continue to incur, capital and operating costs to comply with these laws and regulations. In addition, changes in laws, regulations
and enforcement of policies, or the imposition of new clean-up requirements or remedial techniques, could require us to incur costs
in the future that would have a negative effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Distribution Methods for Products 

We sell our products directly to our customers who,
in some cases, are both end users and distributors. We use common commercial carriers for delivery of our products. 

Dependence on Customers 

Historically, we had been dependent on one customer,
RadQual, of which we owned 24.5 , for a significant amount of our gross revenue. In July 2021, we purchased the remaining 75.5 of the
ownership interest in RadQual, making it a wholly-owned subsidiary. Our sales to RadQual for 2021 accounted for approximately 28 of our
total gross revenue for that year. The change in ownership of RadQual has substantially eliminated any risks associated with having RadQual
as a single major customer. 

Combined sales, on which we are dependent, to our
three largest customers, accounted for 23 of our total gross revenues in 2022 and accounted for 17 of our total gross revenues in 2021. 

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses and Royalty Agreements 

In 2004, we obtained certain patents related to the
FEP. In 2010, we were granted an additional process patent on the FEP process. During 2012, we were granted additional process patents
for the FEP process in the United States. 

In May 2021, we entered into an exclusive licensing
agreement with Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (MSKCC) for commercial development of a Radioimmuno Assay (RIA) test lit for the
detection for SARS COVID-19 virus in the blood. A patent application for this test kit was submitted to the U.S. patent office in March
2021. The useful application and commercial viability of this opportunity will continue to be evaluated, however, at the present time
we do not plan commercial development of this product but may pursue other related commercial opportunities. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 33 total employees,
including 32 full-time employees. 

9 

Available Information 

Our internet website address is www.intisoid.com .
We are subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Consequently, we
are required to file reports and information with the SEC, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These
reports and other information concerning us are available free of charge through (i) our website as soon as reasonably practicable after
they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, and (ii) the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Information contained on,
or accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or other reports filed with the SEC. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Readers should carefully consider the following
factors that may affect our business, future operating results and financial condition, as well as other information included in this
Annual Report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones the Company faces. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks
occur, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 

Risks Related To Our Company 

We have incurred, and may continue to incur,
losses. We have incurred net losses for most fiscal periods since our inception. From inception through December 31, 2022, we
have an accumulated deficit (including preferred stock dividends and returns) in the amount of
 126,460,843. The negative cash flow we have sustained has materially reduced our working capital, which in turn could materially and
negatively impact our ability to fund future operations and continue to operate as a going concern. Management has taken and continues
to take, actions to improve our financial condition and results of operations. The availability of necessary working capital, however,
is subject to many factors beyond our control, including, among other things, our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at
all, economic cycles, market acceptance of our products, competitors' responses to our products, the intensity of competition in our markets,
and the level of demand for our products. 

We may need additional financing to continue operations.
 Because we may continue to experience negative cash flow, we may need to obtain additional financing to continue operations. Management
will continue to plan and take actions to improve our financial results which could enhance our ability to obtain financing. However,
obtaining additional financing is subject to many factors beyond our control and may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at
all. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we could be required to delay development and construction of projects, reduce
the scope of, abandon or sell some or all our growth projects or default on our contractual commitments in the future, any of which would
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our operations expose us to the risk of material
environmental liabilities. We are subject to potential material liabilities related to the remediation of environmental
hazards and to personal injuries or property damages that may be caused by hazardous substance releases and exposures. The materials used
in our operations expose us to risks of environmental contamination that could subject us to liability, including remediation obligations
that could be very costly. In addition, the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs in the future
that would have a negative effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We have a Surety Bond in place supported by funds
in a restricted cash account to provide the financial assurance required by the NRC for our Idaho facility license for decommissioning
and a similar mechanism will be required to fund the decommissioning of the proposed new depleted uranium facility. However, if a contamination
event occurred within, or outside of, our facility, we may be financially responsible to remediate such contamination and could have to
borrow money or fund the remediation liability from our future revenue. We may not be able to borrow the funds, or have available revenue,
sufficient to meet this potential liability, which could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

We are dependent upon key personnel. Our
ongoing operations are currently dependent on Steve T. Laflin, President and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of Mr. Laflin could
have a material adverse effect on our business. There is no assurance that we will be able to retain Mr. Laflin or our existing personnel
or attract additional qualified employees. The loss of any of our key personnel or an inability to attract additional qualified employees
could result in a significant decline in revenue. 

10 

General economic conditions in markets in which
we do business can impact the demand for our goods and services. Decreased demand for our products and services can have a negative impact
on our financial performance and cash flow. Demand for our products and services, in part, depends on the general economic
conditions affecting the countries and industries in which we do business. A downturn in economic conditions in the U.S. or industry that
we serve may negatively impact demand for our products and services, in turn negatively impacting our operations and financial results.
Further, changes in demand for our products and services can magnify the impact of economic cycles on our businesses. 

Volatility in raw material and energy
costs, interruption in ordinary sources of supply and an inability to recover unanticipated increases in energy and raw material
costs from customers could result in lost sales or significantly increase the cost of doing business. Market and
economic conditions affecting the costs of raw materials, utilities, energy costs, and infrastructure required for the delivery of
our goods and services are beyond our control and any disruption or halt in supplies, or rapid escalations in costs could affect our
ability to manufacture products or to competitively price our products in the marketplace. For instance, an interruption in the
supply of isotopes such as cobalt-57, cobalt-60, or iodine-131 could result in lost sales of nuclear medicine and calibration
standards sales, cobalt product sales, and sodium iodide I-131 generic drug product. We also purchase some of our radiochemical
products from overseas suppliers and the price of those products could be adversely affected through changes in currency exchange
rates. 

We are subject to extensive government regulation
in jurisdictions around the globe in which we do business. Regulations address, among other things, environmental compliance, import/export
restrictions, healthcare services, taxes and financial reporting, and can significantly increase the cost of doing business, which in
turn can negatively impact our operations, financial results and cash flow. We are subject to government regulation and
intervention both in the United States and in all foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Compliance with applicable laws
and regulations results in higher capital expenditures and operating costs and changes to current regulations with which we must comply
can necessitate further capital expenditures and increases in operating costs to enable continued compliance. Additionally, from time
to time, we may be involved in legal or administrative proceedings under certain of these laws and regulations. Significant areas of regulation
and intervention include the following: 

Radioactive Waste . 
All our manufacturing processes generate some radioactive waste. For waste that cannot be decayed in storage we must handle this waste
pursuant to the LLRW Policy Act, which requires the safe disposal of mildly radioactive materials. The estimated costs for storage and
disposal of these materials have been included in the manufacturing and sales price of our products. However, actual disposal costs are
subject to change at the discretion of the disposal site and are ultimately applied at the time of disposal. An unexpected or material
increase in these costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Health Compliance . 
Health regulations dictated by the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration and NRC are extensive in our business.
There is no assurance that our activities will comply with all applicable health regulations at times and, as a result, may expose us
to liability under applicable health regulations. Costs and expenses resulting from such liability may materially negatively impact our
operations and financial condition. Overall, health laws and regulations will continue to affect our business worldwide. 

NRC License Enforcement
Actions. The NRC may take enforcement action in the event that we are found to be in violation of NRC regulations or in violation
of any of our license requirements. Consequences of violations depend upon the severity of the violations as well as the adequacy and
timeliness of corrective actions implemented by the licensee to investigate and correct the cause of the violation and to prevent reoccurrence.
The NRC has discretionary authority in the action they choose to take against license violations, but these actions can include civil
penalties and restrictions upon licensee operations or license suspension. The imposition of any such penalties and/or restrictions upon
our operations or suspension of our license could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Environmental Regulation . 
We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign government requirements regulating the discharge of materials into the environment
or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to CERCLA, the RCRA
and state statutes such as the Idaho Hazardous Waste Management Act, the LLRW Policy Act, NRC regulations concerning various irradiated,
radioactive, and depleted uranium materials, and U.S. DOT regulations concerning shipment of radioactive materials. Certain of these laws
and regulations can impose substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations and require installation of costly equipment or operational
changes to limit emissions and/or decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance releases. We have 

11 

incurred, and expect to
continue to incur, capital and operating costs to comply with these laws and regulations. In addition, changes in laws, regulations and
enforcement of policies, or the imposition of new clean-up requirements or remedial techniques, could require us to incur costs in the
future that would have a negative effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Import/Export Regulation . 
We are subject to significant regulatory oversight of our import and export operations due to the nature of our product offerings. Penalties
for non-compliance can be significant and violations can result in adverse publicity. Because of increasing security controls and regulations,
it is likely that we may encounter additional regulations affecting the transportation, storage, sale, and import/export of radioactive
materials. 

Taxes . We structure
our operations to be tax efficient and to make use of tax credits and other incentives. Nevertheless, changes in tax laws, actual results
of operations, final audit of tax returns by taxing authorities, and the timing and rate at which tax credits can be utilized can change
the rate at which we are taxed, thereby affecting our financial results and cash flow. 

We may incur material losses and costs as a
result of product liability claims that may be brought against us. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability
claims in the event that products supplied by us fail to perform as expected or such failures result, or are alleged to result, in bodily
injury. Although we have purchased insurance with coverage and in amounts that we believe to be adequate and reasonable in light of our
current and planned operations, including our planned uranium de-conversion and fluoride gas production business, if a successful product
liability claim were brought against us in excess of our available insurance coverage, it would have a material adverse effect on our
business and financial results. 

Catastrophic events such as natural disasters,
pandemics, war and acts of terrorism could disrupt our business or the business of our suppliers or customers, and any such disruptions
could have a negative impact on our operations, financial results and cash flow. Our operations are at all times subject
to the occurrence of catastrophic events outside our control, ranging from severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes
and storms, to health epidemics and pandemics, to acts of war and terrorism. Any such event could cause a serious business disruption
that could affect our ability to produce and distribute our products and possibly expose us to third-party liability claims. Additionally,
such events could impact our suppliers, thereby causing energy and raw materials to become unavailable to us, and our customers, who may
be unable to purchase or accept our products and services. Any such occurrence could have a negative impact on our operations and financial
condition. 

In addition, public health epidemics or outbreaks
could adversely impact our business. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced a reduction of sales within our
nuclear medicine calibration standards segment and radiochemicals segment during 2021. There was no discernable impact from COVID-19 to
our cobalt products business segment during the period. The decrease in sales for 2021 for our nuclear medicine calibration standards
segment was the result of the temporary closure of many imaging clinics and suspension of elective or non-essential imaging procedures.
During 2021 and 2022, we experienced some global shipping disruption that were partially attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

To-date we have not furloughed or terminated any employees
as a result of the financial impact of COVID-19. We have seen a limited impact in our raw material supply chain related to the COVID-19.
However, from the beginning of 2022, we have experienced an increase in costs for many raw materials and production supplies due to recent
cost inflation which have led to increases to costs of goods sold and operating expenses. Although, all segments have been impacted from
these cost increases, our nuclear medicine calibration standards segment has been impacted the most. We have seen these increased costs
stabilize somewhat; and we are working on counteracting these cost increases with an increase to our produce prices. We believe we can
increase our sales prices enough to overcome these cost increases while continuing to maintain and grow our sales. 

Our future growth is largely dependent upon
our ability to develop new products that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. Our businesses operate in global
markets that are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards. Accordingly, our future growth rate depends
upon several factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to (i) identify emerging technological trends in our target end-markets,
(ii) develop and maintain competitive products, (iii) enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate
our products from those of our competitors, and (iv) develop, manufacture, and bring products to market quickly and cost-effectively.
Our ability to develop new products based on technological innovation or U.S. FDA approval can affect our competitive position and requires
the investment of significant resources. These development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses,
and they may not lead to the development of new products on a timely basis or that meet the needs of our customers as fully as competitive
offerings. In addition, the markets for our products may not develop or grow as we currently anticipate. The failure of our technologies
or products to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by our competitors could significantly reduce our revenues and
adversely affect our competitive standing and prospects. 

12 

We are dependent on various third parties
in connection with our business operations. The production of high-specific activity cobalt is dependent upon the DOE,
and its prime-operating contractor, which controls the Idaho reactor. Current activity at the Idaho ATR may continue to affect the
supply of cobalt material needed for the manufacture of cobalt sources. Loss of the ability to use, or cost-effectively use, these
irradiation services would significantly impact our cobalt products business segment because there is not currently another reactor
available in the U.S. that is capable of providing this type of service for us. Our radiochemical iodine is supplied to us through
two supply sources. Unanticipated contract terminations by these suppliers or suppliers the key raw materials of our other products
or other third parties would have a material adverse impact on our operations, financial results, and cash flow. 

We are dependent on a limited number of customers
in connection with some of our current business operations . Combined sales to our three top customers accounted for 23 and 17 
of our total gross revenue during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Although we are making efforts to reduce our dependency on a small number
of customers, the loss of any one of these customers could have a significant impact on our future results of operations and financial
condition. Unanticipated contract terminations by any of these current customers could have a material adverse impact on operations, financial
results, and cash flow. 

We are subject to competition from other companies.
 Each of our existing business areas has direct competition from other businesses. High-specific activity cobalt is supplied
by other reactor facilities around the world. Nuclear medicine calibration and reference standards are being produced by one other major
manufacturer in the U.S. We have one major competitor in the U.S. for our sodium iodide I-131 drug product. Most of our radiochemicals are
also manufactured by several other companies in the world. Most of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources that
could give them a competitive advantage over us. 

Risks Related To Our Common Stock 

Trading in our common stock is limited and the
price of our common stock may be subject to substantial volatility. Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace
under the U.S. trading symbol INIS . The market for our securities is limited, the price of our stock is volatile, and the
risk to investors in our common stock is greater than the risk associated with stock trading on other markets. These factors may reduce
the potential market for our common stock by reducing the number of potential investors. This may make it more difficult for investors
in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of their shares. This could cause our stock price to decline. 

We currently do not intend to pay dividends
on our common stock. We do not plan to pay dividends on shares of our common stock in the near future. Consequently, an
investor in our common stock can only achieve a return on its investment in us if the market price of our common stock appreciates. 

We are contractually obligated to issue shares
in the future, which will dilute your interest in us. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 16,716,000 shares of common
stock issuable upon the exercise of vested stock options, at a weighted-average exercise price of .06 per share. An additional 31,942,544
shares were reserved for issuance under our equity plans as of December 31, 2022. Our outstanding preferred stock and certain of our outstanding
debt is also convertible into shares of our common stock at the holders option. In addition, we expect to issue additional options
to purchase shares of our common stock to compensate employees, consultants and directors, and we may issue additional shares to raise
capital to expand our manufacturing capability, develop additional products, or fund our planned uranium de-conversion plant. Any such
issuance will have the effect of further diluting the interest of the holders of our securities. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

We are a smaller reporting company, and therefore,
are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

13 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 

We lease one property which serves as or main corporate
headquarters and houses all of our current manufacturing operations for our core business segments. We also hold the conditional title
to 640 acres of land in Lea County, New Mexico for the proposed de-conversion facility. The following paragraphs provide a brief summary
of these properties. 

4137 Commerce Circle, Idaho Falls, Idaho 
The facility located on this property houses our main corporate headquarters and all of our current manufacturing operations. In January
2020, we entered into a new lease agreement due to new and expanded facilities made available to us. The initial lease term is until January
2030 and provides an option to renew for an additional 5 years. The lease provides for the Company to expand its leased space as needed
into additional areas of the building. The facility was new when leased in March 2001 and remains in excellent condition. We have a right
of first refusal on this property that allows us to match any offer to purchase this property. 

Land - Lea County, New Mexico In August
2011, we received land from Lea County, New Mexico, pursuant to a PPA, whereby the land was deeded to us for no monetary consideration.
In return, we committed to construct a uranium de-conversion and FEP facility on the land. In order to retain title to the property, we
were to begin construction of the de-conversion facility no later than December 31, 2014, and complete Phase I of the project and have
hired at least 75 persons to operate the facility no later than December 31, 2015, although commercial operations need not have begun
by that date. We did not meet the performance milestones set forth in the PPA and we executed a modification to the agreement extending
these due dates to December 31, 2016 and 2017, respectively. We plan to work with Lea County to execute an additional modification to
the agreement to further extend these dates once an estimated restart date for the project is determined. If we do not succeed in extending
the commitment dates or in reaching performance dates set forth in a modified agreement then we may, at our sole option, either purchase
or re-convey the property to Lea County, New Mexico. The purchase price of the property would be 776,078, plus interest at the annual
rate of 5.25 from the date of the closing to the date of payment. We have not recorded the value of this property as an asset and will
not do so until such time that sufficient progress on the project has been made to meet our obligations under the agreements for permanent
transfer of the title. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any legal proceedings that we
believe to be material and we are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us that we believe could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the
trading symbol INIS . The following table shows the high and low prices of our common stock on the OTCQB. The following quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions: 

OTC Bulletin Board (Symbol INIS 

High 
 Low 
 
 Period 
 (US) 
 (US) 
 
 First Quarter 2021 
 0.34 
 0.04 
 
 Second Quarter 2021 
 0.15 
 0.09 
 
 Third Quarter 2021 
 0.14 
 0.08 
 
 Fourth Quarter 2021 
 0.11 
 0.06 
 
 First Quarter 2022 
 0.10 
 0.08 
 
 Second Quarter 2022 
 0.10 
 0.06 
 
 Third Quarter 2022 
 0.09 
 0.04 
 
 Fourth Quarter 2022 
 0.07 
 0.03 

14 

Holders of Record 

As of March 11, 2023, there were 490 holders of record
of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never paid any cash dividends on our common
stock. In the future, and based upon our profit performance, our Board of Directors (the Board will evaluate and determine
whether to issue dividends, subject to compliance and limitations under any applicable debt or other financing agreements in effect at
that time or retain funds for research and development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any dividends to shareholders
of our common stock for the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of
Proceeds from Registered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 

None. 

Performance Graph 

We are a smaller reporting company, and therefore,
are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of our results of operations
and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements and related notes thereto included in
Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, within this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this
discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategies for
our business, statements regarding the industry outlook, our expectations regarding the future performance of our business and the other
non historical statements contained herein are forward looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements. You should also review the Risk Factors in Item 1A. of this Annual Report for a discussion of important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described herein or implied by such forward looking
statements. 

Overview 

International Isotopes Inc. (the Company ,
 we , us and our produces an FDA approved generic sodium iodide I-131 drug product, manufactures
a wide range of nuclear medicine calibration and reference standards and provides radiochemicals for clinical research and life sciences.
The Company also produces a variety of cobalt-60 products and supports clients contract manufacturing of radiopharmaceutical and radiochemical
products. A more detailed description of each of these product lines and services along with a description of our business segments can
be found in Item 1, Business within this Annual Report. 

During 2022, we focused our efforts on achieving profitability
in each of our core business segments and reached several significant goals. During 2022, we: 

Increased company revenues by 16 . 

 Reached 11.2 million in total revenues which
was the largest single year in company history. 

 Increased sales in the Radiochemical segment
by 41 due to increases in sales of our FDA approved generic sodium iodide I-131 drug product. 

 Completed sale of unused assets for 4.0 million
in cash for a gain of 1.8 million. 

15 

Developed several new products for our Nuclear
Medicine products segment and expanded these products into Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging standards. 

 Expanded sales of our nuclear medicine products
through exercising our management opportunity with RadQual, LLC (RadQual). In particular, we increased our international sales by utilizing
the marketing and distribution expertise of our wholly owned subsidiary TI Services; and 

 Continued to pursue viable opportunities to
obtain government or commercial contracts for depleted uranium de-conversion services for our U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC)
licensed de-conversion project in Lea County, New Mexico. 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced
a reduction of sales within our nuclear medicine calibration standards segment and radiochemicals segment during 2020 and 2021. 
There was no discernable impact from COVID-19 to our cobalt products business segment during the same period. The decrease in sales
for 2020 and 2021 for our nuclear medicine calibration standards segment was the result of the temporary closure of many imaging clinics
and suspension of elective or non-essential imaging procedures. In 2022, our sales in most segments recovered and we saw very limited
continued negative impact related to COVID-19. The sale of radiochemical products increased during the year 2022; however, we believe
the increases in revenue for 2022 for nuclear medicine could have been greater in 2022 were it not for the lingering negative impact
of COVID-19 in the first quarter of 2022. 

To-date we have not furloughed or terminated any employees
as a result of the financial impact of COVID-19. The Company has only seen a limited impact in our raw material supply chain related
to the COVID-19, primarily some plastics which have been in strong demand for certain types of PPE. Alternative sources of raw materials
have been obtained without any interruption to production. With the heightened concern about corporate liquidity during the COVID-19
pandemic, the Company believes that it has adequate cash to support continuing operations. 

Business Strategy and Core Philosophies 

Broadly defined, our business strategy is to continue
to build our reputation as a leader in the radiochemical, cobalt, and nuclear medicine product industries, and to maximizing the revenue
potential of our generic sodium iodine I-131 product and nuclear medicine standards products. We also intend to continually seek ways
to improve our customer service and expand our market share, with the ultimate goal of providing greater return to our shareholders. Specifically,
we are continuously working with our customers to improve and develop new products to better serve the needs of the end user which, ultimately,
we believe will boost product sales. A key part of our short-term and long-term business strategy is to develop and market additional
generic drug products, similar to our sodium iodide I-131 product, and develop additional nuclear medicine standards products that will
offer customers high quality, reliable, and affordable products as well as increase our revenues. In addition, we will manage cash reserves
and pursue additional financial support that will be structured in such a way to support further expansion of our products and services
to exploit additional market opportunities. 

Our core philosophy is to strive to provide high quality
products and services as a profitable and environmentally conscious business, while offering excellent customer service and providing
a safe and productive working environment for our employees. We operate in accordance with an ISO Quality Management System and in accordance
with all current Good Manufacturing Practices under which we seek to maintain the highest level of quality and continuously improve our
product manufacturing processes. 

Results of Operations 

Following is a summary of results of operations for
2022: 

Revenue in 2022 was approximately 11.2 million,
which was a 16 increase compared to 2022 and was the largest annual revenue generated in the company s history; 

Our 2022 sales in our Radiochemical Products
increased by approximately 41 as compared to 2021; 

Our 2022 sales in Cobalt Products and Nuclear
Medicine Standards segments decreased by approximately 15 and 1 respectively as compared to 2021; 

Our total gross profit rate decreased to 56 
in 2022 from 59 in 2021; and 

Our operating costs for 2022 increased approximately
17 as compared 2021; and 

We
had a net profit of 303,238 in 2022 compared to a net loss of 902,347 in 2021 

16 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended
December 31, 2021 

The following table presents comparative revenues
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Revenues 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 of Total 
 Revenues 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 of Total 
 Revenues 2021 
 
 Radiochemical Products 
 6,045,767 
 54 
 4,275,044 
 44 
 
 Cobalt Products 
 1,157,536 
 10 
 1,354,517 
 14 
 
 Nuclear Medicine Standards 
 3,978,685 
 36 
 4,002,606 
 42 
 
 Flourine Products 
 
 0 
 29,775 
 0 
 
 Total Segments 
 11,181,988 
 100 
 9,661,942 
 100 

Revenues 

Total revenues in 2022 were 11,181,988, compared
to 9,661,942 in 2021, which represents an increase of 1,520,046, or approximately 16 . The performance of each segment is discussed
in the following paragraphs. 

For the year ended 
 For the year ended 

Revenues 
 December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 change 
 change 
 
 Radiochemical Products 
 6,045,767 
 4,275,044 
 1,770,723 
 41 
 
 Cobalt Products 
 1,157,536 
 1,354,517 
 (196,981 
 -15 
 
 Nuclear Medicine Standards 
 3,978,685 
 4,002,606 
 (23,921 
 -1 
 
 Flourine Products 
 
 29,775 
 (29,775 
 -100 
 
 Total Segments 
 11,181,988 
 9,661,942 
 1,520,046 
 16 
 
 Corporate revenue 

Total Consolidated 
 11,181,988 
 9,661,942 
 1,520,046 
 16 

Radiochemical Products 

Sales of radiochemical products accounted for approximately
54 in 2022 as compared to 44 of our total sales revenue in 2021. Sales in this segment increased by 1,770,723, or approximately 41 
to 6,045,767 in 2022 as compared to 4,275,044 in 2021. The increase is primarily the result of sales of our new generic sodium iodide
I-131 drug product which was launched in March 2020. We expect sales of our new product to continue to trend upward. 

In February 2020, we received approval of an ANDA
to the FDA for a sodium iodide radiopharmaceutical product for use in treatment of hyperthyroidism and carcinoma of the thyroid. We began
sales of this product in March 2020, and these sales have had a significant positive impact on our revenues for 2021 and 2022. We expect
continued growth in sales for this product in 2022 and beyond. This is the first of several potential generic drug products we plan to
submit to the FDA in the coming years. Within this segment, we also currently distribute sodium iodide (I-131) as a radiochemical product.
The radiochemical product is being used for a variety of applications including industrial use and use in investigational and clinical
trials. We believe that the product enhancements we have made, in addition to the generic drug products we plan to submit to the FDA,
should increase future sales in this business segment. 

In 2019, we entered into a manufacturing and supply
agreement with a company and completed an expansion of our existing facility to support contract manufacturing activities. Because of
changing market conditions that company requested a termination of that contract manufacturing arrangement, and a settlement agreement
was reached with that company in December 2020. As part of the settlement agreement, we received a termination payment consisting of cash
and the other company s relinquishment on all claims to expansion of our facility and all the equipment purchased by them. The settlement
resulted in a significant one-time gain for us in 2020. In February 2022, we were able to sell these assets we received in the settlement
agreement for another significant one-time gain as detailed under Other Income (Expense) below. We are currently developing a business
plan to produce additional radiopharmaceutical products or explore new contract manufacturing opportunities utilizing the cash from that
sale. 

Cobalt Products 

Cobalt products sales accounted for approximately
10 of our total sales revenue in 2022 and approximately 14 in 2021. Sales in this segment decreased by 196,981, or approximately 15 ,
in 2022 to 1,157,536, as compared to 1,354,517 in 2021. The decrease in revenue within this segment was the result of decreased Cobalt
Sealed Source Manufacturing due to timing of receipt of additional cobalt material from the ATR in 2022, delays in customer contracts
for Cobalt Sealed Source Manufacturing, and delays due to maintenance and repairs to our manufacturing equipment. Our sealed source manufacturing
generates the majority of our revenue within this segment and sealed source sales depend on our ability to produce or procure cobalt material. 

17 

In October 2014, we entered into a ten-year agreement
with the DOE for the irradiation of cobalt targets. It takes many years to irradiate these cobalt targets to the desired level of activity
and we anticipated having high specific activity cobalt available for our customers in 2020. However, the material had lower than expected
activity and receipt of material was delayed until about June 2021. At that point the material still had lower than expected activity,
and we reached an agreement with the DOE to purchase the lower activity material at a discounted rate. Periodically we have been able
to acquire recycled material that can be used to manufacture sealed sources for customers, and in some instances, our customers have supplied
their own cobalt material for source fabrication. We will continue to have access to additional low specific activity material produced
by the DOE and expect to obtain, process, and sell additional cobalt products as a result during 2023. 

We have entered into cobalt supply agreements with
several customers. The terms of these cobalt contracts require some advance progress payments from each customer. The funding received
under these contracts has been recorded as unearned revenue under short- and long-term liabilities in our consolidated financial statements.
We recognized some of this revenue in prior years including in 2022 and 2021 when we fulfilled contract performance objectives by supplying
sealed sources manufactured with cobalt from the ATR or alternate suppliers. 

Nuclear Medicine Standards 

Due to decreased activity in the Radiological Services
segment, starting January 1, 2022, this segment was reorganized into our Nuclear Medicine Standards segment. Additionally, we reclassified
our reporting for 2021 to include all activities for the Radiological Services business segment under the Nuclear Medicine Standards segment. 

Sales in the nuclear medicine standards segment accounted
for approximately 36 and 40 , of our total sales revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales in this segment decreased by 23,921,
or approximately 1 , to 3,978,685 in 2022, as compared to 4,002,606 in 2021. This small decrease in sales in 2022 is due to a 93,547
decrease in sales related to the discontinued Radiological Services segment partially offset by an increase of 69,626 in sales related
to nuclear medicine standards products. 

In 2017, affiliates of the Company purchased 75.5 
of the member units of RadQual and at that time, we were named as one of the managing members of RadQual. Because of this change in member
ownership and management, we have consolidated RadQual s operations within the nuclear medicine segment for financial reporting
since that time. For purposes of consolidation, all significant intercompany activity has been eliminated in the reporting process. In
July 2021, we acquired the remaining 75.5 of the member units of RadQual. As a result of the acquisition, RadQual and TI Services are
now our wholly-owned subsidiaries and are fully consolidated. 

We anticipate that our sales of RadQual products will
remain strong and that our ownership of RadQual will create significant future opportunities through new product development and expanding
markets. Additionally, we will continue to work closely with TI Services using their expertise in marketing and distribution strategies
to strengthen nuclear medicine product sales. 

Radiological Services 

Starting in 2022, due to drastically decreased activity
in the segment, all remaining activities in our Radiological Services is reported in our Nuclear Medicine Standards segment. 

In January 2020, we notified our gemstone processing
customer that the service contract with them was being terminated because the volume of gemstones sent for processing did not meet contract
minimums. The termination activities and wrap up of this service substantially occurred in 2021 and the Company saw a steady decline in
revenue from this service as production was wrapped up. In the first half of 2022, we converted the spaces in the facility that were previously
used to perform this contract work into expanded Nuclear Medicine new product manufacturing. The loss in revenue expected from termination
of the gemstone processing agreement is expected to be more than compensated for by the expansion of new nuclear medicine source products. 

Revenue from field service work for the DOE had accounted
for the majority of revenue in this segment. However, Radiological Field Services work was terminated in 2020 and we did not generate
any Radiological Field Services revenue in 2021 or 2022. We have removed this type of activity from our NRC license and do not expect
to perform this in future years. 

We continue to engage in source disposal activities
and have begun reporting these activities under the Nuclear Medicine Standards segment starting January 1, 2022. Additionally, we reclassified
our reporting for 2021 to include all activities for the Radiological Services business segment under the Nuclear Medicine Standards segment. 

18 

Fluorine Products 

In 2022, we had no revenues related to Fluorine Products
as compared to 29,775 in 2021. These revenues were related to an agreement to provide engineering and technical assistance services related
to our fluorine products intellectual property. We did not have any revenue from this agreement in 2022. In October 2022, we entered into
an option agreement with a Company to sell the NRC license and other assets related to this business area. The agreement gives the buyer
up to 18 months to purchase these assets. Work on this project had been on hold since 2013 because of a slowdown in the nuclear industry
that specifically impacted fuel cycle facilities. Until such time that we execute the asset sales agreement we will limit our expenditures
to essential items such as maintenance of the NRC license, land use agreements, communication with our prospective FEP product customers,
and interface with the State of New Mexico and Lea County officials. 

During 2021, we incurred 144,860 of planning and
other expenses related to the de-conversion project, as compared to 150,196 in 2021. This is a decrease of 5,336, or approximately 4 ,
and is the result of decreased professional services allocated to this project in 2022. The largest expense in this business segment is
 104,379, approximately 72 of the total expenses for 2022, for the amortization of our NRC license for this project. We expect that our
costs in the future will be limited to essential items such as continued interactions with our customers, the state of New Mexico, and
Lea County, New Mexico. 

Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit 

Cost of revenues for 2022 was 4,891,927 as compared
to 3,924,142 in 2021, an increase of 967,785, or 25 . Gross profit percentage decreased to 56 for 2022, from 59 in 2021. The following
table presents revenues and cost of revenues information: 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 of Total Revenues 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 of Total Revenues 2021 
 
 Total Revenues 
 11,181,988 
 100 
 9,661,942 
 100 
 
 Cost of Revenues 

Radiochemical Products 
 2,217,468 
 20 
 1,698,124 
 18 
 
 Cobalt Products 
 577,417 
 5 
 546,043 
 6 
 
 Nuclear Medicine Standards 
 2,097,042 
 19 
 1,679,975 
 17 
 
 Fluorine Products 

Total Segments 
 4,891,927 
 44 
 3,924,142 
 41 

Gross Profit 
 6,290,061 
 
 5,737,800 

Gross Profit 
 
 56 
 
 59 

967,785 
 25 
 2,956,357 

During 2022, we continued to monitor and control direct
costs. Raw materials used in our radiochemical products and nuclear medicine standards represented the bulk of direct costs for 2022.
In each of these business segments, we have purchase agreements in place with suppliers to obtain optimum pricing. Periodically, the cost
increases for these raw materials or we may also use alternate supply sources for our material which might not carry pricing as favorable
as our contracted suppliers. 

The decrease in gross profit percentage in 2022 is
a result of increased cost in raw material and supplies in our Nuclear Medicine Standards segment driven by recent cost inflation. We
have seen these increased costs stabilize somewhat; and we are working on further offsetting these cost increases with increases to our
product prices. We believe we can increase our sales prices enough to overcome these cost increases while continuing to be competitive
and maintain sales growth. 

Operating Costs and Expenses 

Total operating costs and expenses for 2022 were 7,492,958,
as compared to 6,418,592 in 2021. This is an increase of 1,074,366, or approximately 17 . 

The following table presents operating costs and expenses
for 2022 as compared to 2021: 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 2022 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 2021 

change 

change 

Operating Costs and Expenses: 

Salaries and Contract Labor 

3,390,652 

2,687,735 

26 

702,917 

General, Administrative and Consulting 

3,568,590 

3,459,143 

3 

109,447 

Research and Development 

533,716 

271,714 

96 

262,002 

Total operating expenses 

7,492,958 

6,418,592 

17 

1,074,366 

19 

Salaries and contract labor expense increased by 702,917,
or approximately 26 , which was the result of an increased number of employees and increases to labor rates. In addition, non-cash equity
compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 352,458 as compared to 84,564 for the same period in 2021. This
is an increase of 267,894, or approximately 317 , and is the result of equity compensation recorded for outstanding stock options granted
to directors, officers, and employees. 

General administrative and consulting expenses increased
to 3,568,590 in 2022, as compared to 3,459,143 in 2021, an increase of 109,447, or approximately 3 . This increase is due to periodic
waste disposal costs of 329,237 in 2022 with no such cost in 2021. Research and development expense was 533,716 for 2022, compared to
 271,714 for 2021. This is an increase of 262,002, or approximately 96 . This increase in research and development expense was the result
of increased costs associated with product development in our Radiochemical and Nuclear Medicine Standards business segments. 

During both 2022 and 2021, we limited further investment
in the planned de-conversion facility and limited further spending on the project only for expenses necessary to maintain licensing, continue
interactions with Lea County, New Mexico, and supporting a due diligence review of the project by a company interested in purchasing these
project assets. We will continue to delay further engineering work on the de-conversion project until we are able to secure additional
contracts for de-conversion services. 

Other Income (Expense) 

The following table presents other income (expense)
for 2022 as compared to 2021: 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 2022 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 2021 

Other income (expense) 

2,110,576 

683,253 

Interest income 

9,502 

111 

Interest expense 

(613,943) 

(791,532) 
 
 Total other (expense) 

1,506,135 

(108,168) 

Other income was 2,110,576 for 2022 as compared to
other income of 683,253 for 2021. This is an increase in other income of 1,427,323. The increase is primarily due to a 1,797,978 gain
on the sale of assets to Pharmalogic Idaho, LLC. In February 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Pharmalogic Idaho,
LLC, pursuant to which we sold certain assets for 4,000,000 in cash. The assets
consisted primarily of manufacturing equipment and a sublease acquired by the Company in connection with the previously announced termination
of the manufacturing and supply agreement with another company. In 2021, we recognized other income for an anticipated
tax refund of approximately 440,000 for the Employer Retention Credit. 

In September 2022, we experienced a fraudulent transactions
incident. The fraudulent charges totaled approximately 85,000. These charges were recorded as other expense . Investigations
by our bank and by law enforcement are ongoing. There have been no indications of any involvement within our Company. As we expected to
recoup all fraudulent charges from our bank, we recognized other income to offset the fraudulent charges recorded under other
expense . In October and November 2022, we recovered all the fraudulent charges from our bank. 

Interest income in 2022 was 9,502 as compared to
 111 in 2021. This increase of 9,391 was due to increased interest rates earned for cash balances held at banks and other institutions
in interest-bearing accounts. 

Interest expense decreased during 2022, to 613,943,
from 791,532 in 2021. This decrease of 177,589, or approximately 22 , was due to a decrease in non-cash interest expense and the payoff
of some notes payable. In 2022, non-cash interest expense was 274,443 as compared to 401,077 in 2021. This is a decrease of 126,634.
Interest expense includes dividends accrued on our Series C Preferred Stock (as defined below) issued in 2017. In 2022, we recorded interest
expense of 243,780 for dividends payable on our Series C Preferred Stock. 

In connection with the 2013 Promissory Note (as defined
below), we recorded 30,000 of interest expense for each of 2022 and 2021, and approximately 3,000 and 13,000 of non-cash interest expense
related to a debt discount feature on the 2013 Promissory Note for 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

20 

In connection with the 2019 Promissory Note (as defined
below), we recorded 40,000 of interest expense for 2022 and 2021, and approximately 256,000 of non-cash interest expense related to
a debt discount feature and issuance of warrants related to the 2019 Promissory Note for 2022 and 2021. We will have 0 in non-cash interest
expense in connection with the 2019 Promissory Note in 2023 and future years. 

In connection with our 2017 issuance of Series C Preferred
Stock, we issued Class M Warrants and Class N Warrants. All these warrants expired in 2021. We recorded approximately 0 and 131,000
of non-cash interest expense for 2022 and 2021 respectively in relation to these warrants. 

Net Income or Loss 

Our net income was 303,238 in 2022, compared to a
net loss was 902,347 in 2021. This is an increase in net income of 1,205,578. This increase is largely the result of the approximate
 1.8 million gain on sale of assets. Additionally, the increase in income is the result of the increase in revenue in our Radiochemical
Products segment offset by the increase in operating expense from salaries and contract labor and expenses from research and development
in 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents
of 2,375,817 compared to 474,851 at December 31, 2021. Net cash used in operating activities was 1,497,719 in 2022, compared to net
cash used by operating activities of 161,914 in 2021. This represents an increase in cash used in operating activities of approximately
 1,335,805. This increase is due to a large increase in accounts receivable due to the increased sales activity in 2022 as compared to
2021 and decreased net income from operating activities in the year over year comparison. 

Accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 were 1,596,886
as compared to 853,675 at December 31, 2021. Our allowance for bad debt at December 31, 2022 was 0 as compared to 18,910 at December
31, 2021. 

Inventories at December 31, 2022 were 744,793 as
compared to 924,775 at December 31, 2021. A large portion of our inventory consists of Cobalt target inventory. For 2022, our target
inventory accounted for approximately 25 of our work in process inventory. For 2021, our target inventory accounted for approximately
48 of our work in process inventory. 

Included in our work in process inventory are in-process
and completed nuclear medicine products, irradiated cobalt, and nuclear medicine-related materials and products. 

We recognized a net profit of 303,238, for the year
ended December 31, 2022, and have an accumulated deficit of 126,460,843 since inception. To date, our operations and plant and equipment
expenditures have been funded principally from proceeds from public and private sales of debt and equity as well as through asset sales. 

Net cash provided in investing activities was 3,879,986
for 2022 and net cash used in investing activities was 205,474 for 2021. During 2022, we used 120,014 to purchase equipment, and we
used 205,474 to purchase equipment in 2021. We had proceeds from sale of equipment of 4,000,000 in 2022, and we had no proceeds from
sale of equipment in 2021. 

Financing activities used cash of 472,004 for the
year ended December 31, 2022. We received proceeds from the sale of common stock in the amount of 76,571 and made principal payment on
loans in the amount of 540,032 in 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, financing activities used cash of 78,699. We received
proceeds from the sale of common stock in the amount of 18,890 and issued debt for proceeds of 351,255. In addition, we made principal
payment on loans in the amount of 437,627 in 2021. 

In February 2017, we entered into subscription agreements
with certain investors, including two of our directors, for the sale of (i) an aggregate of 3,433 shares of Series C Preferred Stock,
and (ii) Class M warrants to purchase an aggregate of 17,165,000 shares of our common stock (Class M Warrants), for gross proceeds of
 3,433,000. The Series C Preferred Stock accrues dividends at a rate of 6 per annum, payable annually on February 17 th of
each year, commencing on February 17, 2018. Shares of Series C Preferred Stock are convertible at the option of the holder at any time
into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion price equal to 0.10 per share, subject to adjustment. At any time after February
17, 2019, if the volume-weighted average closing price of our common stock over a period of 90 consecutive trading days is greater than
 0.25 per share, we may redeem all or any portion of the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock at the original purchase price per 

21 

share
plus any accrued and unpaid dividends, payable in shares of common stock. All outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock must be
redeemed by us on February 17, 2022 at the original purchase price per share, payable in cash or shares of common stock, at the option
of the holder. In February 2022, based on approval of majority of the Preferred C Holders, we extended the redemption date of the Series
C Preferred Stock to February 17, 2023. In December 2022, based on approval of majority of the Preferred C Holders, we extended the redemption
date of the Series C Preferred Stock to February 17, 2025. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights, except
as required by law and in connection with certain events as set forth in the Statement of Designation of the Series C Preferred Stock.
The Class M Warrants were exercisable at an exercise price of 0.12 per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the warrant, and
expired in February 2022. In February 2022, 515,000 Class M Warrants were exercised at a price of 0.12. The Company received 61,800
for the exercise. 

In March 2017, we amended our 8 unsecured debentures issued that were
scheduled to mature in July 2017 (the Notes) and gave the noteholders certain additional rights (the Amendment). Pursuant to the Amendment,
the Notes were modified to provide each holder the right, at the holder s option and exercisable prior to May 12, 2017, to convert
all or any portion of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest, into shares of our Series C Preferred Stock
at a conversion price of 1,000 per share. Holders that elected to convert their Notes into Series C Preferred Stock received a warrant
to purchase up to 3,750 shares of our common stock for each share of Series C Preferred Stock received upon conversion of the Notes,
with each warrant having a five-year term, a cashless exercise feature, and an exercise price of 0.10 per share of common stock. As
a result of this modification, an aggregate of 780,000 of the Notes was converted to 780 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and 2,925,000
Class N Warrants (as defined below). Residual interest was also paid to Note holders who converted of 1,515. The Notes matured in July
2017 and were repaid in full. 

As discussed above, in May 2017, we issued 780 shares
of Series C Preferred Stock, and Class N warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,925,000 shares of our common stock (Class N Warrants)
upon conversion of 780,000 of the Notes. The Series C Preferred Stock accrues dividends at a rate of 6 per annum, payable annually
on February 17 th of each year, commencing on February 17, 2018. Shares of Series C Preferred Stock are convertible at
the option of the holder at any time into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion price equal to 0.12 per share, subject
to adjustment. At any time after February 17, 2019, if the volume-weighted average closing price of our common stock over a period of
90 consecutive trading days is greater than 0.25 per share, we may redeem all or any portion of the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock
at the original purchase price per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends, payable in shares of common stock. All outstanding shares
of Series C Preferred Stock were to be redeemed by us on February 17, 2022 at the original purchase price per share, payable in cash
or shares of common stock, at the option of the holder. In February 2022, based on approval of majority of the Preferred C Holders, we
extended the redemption date of the Series C Preferred Stock to February 17, 2023. In December 2022, based on approval of majority of
the Preferred C Holders, we extended the redemption date of the Series C Preferred Stock to February 17, 2025. Holders of Series C Preferred
Stock do not have any voting rights, except as required by law and in connection with certain events as set forth in the Statement of
Designation of the Series C Preferred Stock. The Class N Warrants were exercisable at an exercise price of 0.12 per share, subject to
adjustment as set forth in the warrant, and expired in February 2022. 

In December 2013, we entered into a promissory note
agreement with our then Chairman of the Board and one of our major shareholders, pursuant to which we borrowed 500,000 (the 2013 Promissory
Note). The 2013 Promissory Note is secured and bears interest at 6 per annum and was originally due June 30, 2014. According to the terms
of the 2013 Promissory Note, at any time, the lenders may settle any or all of the principal and accrued interest with shares of our common
stock. In connection with the 2013 Promissory Note, each of the two lenders was issued 5,000,000 Class L warrants to purchase shares of
our common stock at an exercise price of 0.06 per share. The warrants were immediately exercisable. In June 2014, we renegotiated the
terms of the 2013 Promissory Note. Pursuant to the modification, the maturity date was extended to December 31, 2017 and each lender was
granted an additional 7,500,000 Class L warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.06 per share. The
warrants were immediately exercisable. In February 2017, the 2013 Promissory Note was further modified to extend the maturity date to
December 31, 2020, with all remaining terms unchanged. On December 23, 2018, all 25,000,000 Class L warrants expired. In December 2019,
the 2013 Promissory Note was further modified to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2021, with all remaining terms unchanged. In
January 2022, the 2013 Promissory Note was further modified to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2023, with all remaining terms
unchanged. 

In April 2018,
we borrowed 120,000 from our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board pursuant to a promissory note (the 2018 Promissory Note).
The 2018 Promissory Note accrues interest at 6 per annum, which is payable upon maturity of the 2018 Promissory Note. The 2018 Promissory
Note was originally unsecured and originally matured on August 1, 2018. At any time, the holder of the 2018 Promissory Note may elect
to have any or all the principal and accrued interest settled with shares of our common stock based on the average price of the shares
over the previous 20 trading days. Pursuant to an 

22 

amendment to the 2018 Promissory Note in June 2018, the maturity date was extended to
March 31, 2019 with all other provisions remaining unchanged. Pursuant to a second amendment to the 2018 Promissory Note in February 2019,
the maturity date was extended to July 31, 2019 with all other provisions remaining unchanged. Pursuant to a third amendment to the 2018
Promissory Note in July 2019, the maturity date was extended to January 31, 2020 with all other provisions remaining unchanged. Pursuant
to a fourth amendment to the 2018 Promissory Note in December 2019, the maturity date was extended to December 31, 2021, the note was
modified to become secured by company assets, with all other provisions remaining unchanged. In December 2021, the 2018 Promissory
Note was further modified to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2023, with all remaining terms unchanged. 

In
December 2019, we entered into a promissory note agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board, former Chairman
of the Board, and one of our major shareholders (the 2019 Promissory Note). The 2019 Promissory Note authorizes us to borrow up to
 1,000,000. As of December 31, 2019, we borrowed 675,000 under the 2019 promissory note; the remaining 325,000 was borrowed in
February 2020. The 2019 Promissory Note is secured and bears interest at 4 per annum and has a maturity date of December 31, 2022.
According to the terms of the 2019 Promissory Note, at any time, a holder of the 2019 Promissory Note may elect to have any or all
of the principal and accrued interest settled with shares of our common stock based on the average price of the shares over the
previous 20 trading days. In connection with the 2019 Promissory Note, we are required to issue up to 30,000,000 Class O Warrants to
purchase shares of our common stock at 0.045 per share (the Class O Warrants). The warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of
 0.045 per share and have a term of five years. In December 2022, the 2019 Promissory Note was modified to extend the maturity date
to December 31, 2024, with all remaining terms unchanged. 

In April 2021, we borrowed
 250,000 from its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board pursuant to a promissory note (the 2021 Promissory Note). The 2021
Promissory Note accrued interest at 6 per annum, which was payable upon maturity of the 2021 Promissory Note. The 2021 Promissory Note
was originally secured and was to mature on December 31, 2022. At any time, the holders of the 2021 Promissory Note were able to elect
to have any or all of the principal and accrued interest settled with shares of our common stock at a conversion price of 0.11 per share.
On March 31, 2022, the Company repaid the 2021 Promissory Note in full. The payment included 250,000 in principal and 14,500 in interest. 

We expect that cash from operations, cash obtained
through securities offerings, and our current cash balance will be sufficient to fund operations for the next twelve months. Although
we may seek additional debt financing for our projects and operations in the future, there is no assurance that we will be able to secure
additional debt financing on acceptable terms to us, or at all. 

Goals for 2023 

Based upon the investments we have made in our facilities
and investments we anticipate making, and based on projects, and products developed thus far in 2023, we have the following goals for
the rest of 2023: 

Continue to expand sales of
our FDA approved sodium iodide I-131 generic drug product; 

Complete development of and
launch a fully automated I-131 capsule loading system to pharmacies in the U.S and select overseas customers; 

Begin development of one or
more new generic drug products to further enhance revenue production within our Radiochemical segment and identify additional future generic
product opportunities; 

Expand sales of our nuclear
medicine products and increase cash flow by offering new products and further expanding our international sales and distributor relationships; 

Develop a business plan to produce
additional radiopharmaceutical products or explore new contract manufacturing opportunities. 

Explore acquisition opportunities
to expand our product offerings and increase, revenue, cash flow, and profit margin; 

Continue to expand our customer base, increase
revenues, reduce production and operating costs, and attempt to achieve profitability in our core business segment operations; and 

Continue to support essential tasks related to
our de-conversion project and continue to pursue any opportunities to benefit from sale of these assets through and through royalty payment
arrangements. 

23 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Asset retirement obligation The
asset retirement obligation is based on the expected future cash flows of the decommissioning funding plan. The decommissioning
funding plan is based on the estimated number of hours of specific personnel, estimated wages and disposal costs. Once the
decommissioning funding plan has been developed, we use a discount rate to determine the estimated current value of the liability. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company, and therefore,
are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The following financial statements are included herewith
and are hereby incorporated by reference: 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page No. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

Item 9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure information required to be disclosed in our
reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), has conducted an evaluation (pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the
Exchange Act) of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our CEO
and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

24 

Management s Annual
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15(d) 15(f) under
the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Internal control
over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance
that receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide
absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 

Management conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included
review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of
controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonable
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART III. 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our
principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, or persons performing similar functions.
Our Code of Ethics is posted on our website and can be accessed, free of charge, at http:// www.intisoid.com .
If we waive, or implicitly waive, any material provision of the Code of Ethics that apply to our executive officers, or substantively
amend the Code of Ethics, in each case that is required to be disclosed, we will disclose that fact on our website. 

The other information required by this item is incorporated
by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within
120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within
120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within
120 days after December 31, 2022. 

25 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within
120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120
days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

a)(1) and (a)(2) Financial Statements 

See the index to and the financial statements
beginning on page [31] , which financial statements are incorporated herein by reference. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

 The following documents are filed or incorporated
herein by reference as exhibits to this report: 

2.1++ Membership
 Interest Purchase Agreement, dated July 8, 2021, between RadQual, LLC, International Isotopes
 Inc., and each of the sellers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 14, 2021). 

2.2++ Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between International Isotopes Inc. and Pharmalogic
 Idaho, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2022). 

3.1 Restated
 Certificate of Formation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for quarter ended June
 30, 2010). 

3.2 Statement
 of Designation of the Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock of the Company 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on February 24, 2017). 

3.3 Certificate
 of Amendment to Statement of Designation of the Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred
 Stock International Isotopes Inc., dated February 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022). 

3.4 Certificate
 of Amendment to Statement of Designation of the Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred
 Stock International Isotopes Inc., dated December 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 28, 2022). 

3.5 Bylaws
 of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form SB 2 filed on May 1, 1997 (Registration No. 333 26269). 

10.1 International
 Isotopes Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10,1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
 July 21, 2020). 

10.2 International
 Isotopes Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 30, 2018). 

10.3+ Lease
 Agreement (4137 Commerce Circle), dated January 20, 2020, between the Company and Adrian
 Rand Robison and Dorothy Robison . 

10.4 Form
 of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2008). 

26 

10.5 Memorandum
 of Agreement, dated October 22, 2009, between the Company and the New Mexico Environment
 Department (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2009). 

10.6 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated February 17, 2017, among the Company and the purchasers named therein 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on February 24, 2017). 

10.7 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 16, 2012, between the Company and Stephen Laflin 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 

10.8 Modification
 #3 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 22, 2023, between the
 Company and Stephen Laflin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023). 

10.9 Promissory
 Note Agreement, dated December 23, 2013, among the Company, Ralph Richart and John McCormack 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company s Annual Report on Form
 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013). 

10.10 Modification
 #1 to the Promissory Note Agreement, dated June 30, 2014, among the Company, Ralph M. Richart
 and John M. McCormack (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014). 

10.11 Modification
 #2 to the Promissory Note Agreement, dated February 3, 2017, among the Company, Ralph M.
 Richart and John M. McCormack (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016). 

10.12 Isotope
 and Technical Service Order Form, dated October 2, 2014, between the Company and the U.S.
 Department of Energy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014). 

10.13 Cobalt-60
 Pellet Supply Agreement, dated April 7, 2015, between Nordion (Canada) Inc., as general partner
 of and on behalf of Nordion Sterilization LP, and International Isotopes Inc. 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015). 

10.14 First
 Modification to Cobalt-60 Pellet Supply Agreement, effective April 21, 2017, between International
 Isotopes Inc. and Nordion (Canada) Inc., as general partner of and on behalf of Nordion Sterilization
 LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2017). 

10.15 Certificate
 of Amendment to Statement of Designation of the Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred
 Stock International Isotopes Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2022). 

27 

21.1+ Subsidiary
 list . 

23.1+ Consent
 of Haynie Company. 

31.1+ Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2+ Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer furnished under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer furnished under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS+ XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its
XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL
document and contained in Exhibit 101 

This exhibit
constitutes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Confidential treatment
has been granted as to certain portions, which portions were omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to a confidential treatment request. 

 ++ Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of
Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to supplementally furnish copies of any omitted schedules to the Securities and Exchange
Commission upon request. 

 + Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

28 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

International Isotopes Inc. 

By: /s/ Steve T. Laflin 

Steve T. Laflin 

President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

Date: April 5, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

April 5, 2023 
 By: /s/ Steve T. Laflin 

Steve T. Laflin 

President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

April 5, 2023 
 By: /s/ W. Matthew Cox 

W. Matthew Cox 

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

April 5, 2023 
 By: /s/ Robert Atcher 

Robert Atcher 

Director 

April 5, 2023 
 By: /s/ Christopher Grosso 

Christopher Grosso 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

30 

I NTERNATIONAL ISOTOPES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-1 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

31 

F- 1 

F- 2 

INTERNATIONAL ISOTOPES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Long-term assets 

Restricted cash 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Capitalized lease disposal costs, net 

Financing lease right-of-use asset 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Goodwill 

Patents and other intangibles, net 

Total long-term assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Unearned revenue 

Current portion of operating lease right-of-use liability 

Current portion of financing lease liability 

Current portion of related party notes payable, net of debt discount 

Current installments of notes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Accrued long-term liabilities 

Related party notes payable, net of current portion and debt discount 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Asset retirement obligation 

Financing lease liability, net of current portion 

Operating lease right-of-use liability, net of current portion 

Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock,
 net of current portion and discount 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Common stock, par value; shares
 authorized; and shares issued and outstanding respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

INTERNATIONAL ISOTOPES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Sale of product 

Cost of product 

Gross profit 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Salaries and contract labor 

General, administrative and consulting 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Other income 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total other (expense) income 

Net income (loss) 

Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to International Isotopes Inc. 

Net income per common share - basic: 

Net income per common share - diluted: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

INTERNATIONAL ISOTOPES INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity 

 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Equity 

Attributable 
 Equity 

to 
 Attributable 

Additional 
 
 Internat'l 
 to 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Isotopes 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Shareholders 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan 

Shares issued for exercise of employee stock options 

Stock grant 

Stock issued in lieu of dividends on preferred C shares 

Warrant exercise 

Conversion of preferred C stock 

Conversion of preferred B stock 

Stock based compensation 

Shares issued for purchase of 75.5 of RadQual 

Distribution to non-controlling interest 

Net (loss) income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan 

Shares issued for exercise of employee stock options 

Stock grant 

Stock issued in lieu of dividends on preferred C shares 

Warrant exercise 

Conversion of preferred B stock 

Stock based compensation 

Net (loss) income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 

 Additional Paid-in Capital 

 Accumulated Deficit 

 Equity Attributable to Internat l Isotopes Shareholders 

 Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 

F- 5 

INTERNATIONAL ISOTOPES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss
 to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on disposal of property, plant
 and equipment 

Accretion of obligation for lease
 disposal costs 

Accretion of beneficial conversion
 feature 

Equity based compensation 

Right-of-use amortization 

Changes in operating assets and
 liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Inventories 

Unearned revenues 

Accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used
 in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant
 and equipment 

Purchase of property,
 plant, equipment and patents 

Net cash provided
 by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of stock 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 

Proceeds from issuance of debt - related
 party 

Distribution to non-controlling interest 

Payments on financing lease liability 

Principal payments
 on notes payable 

Net cash used
 in financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
 of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end
 of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow activities: 

Cash paid for
 interest 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing and investing
 transactions: 

Decrease in
 accrued interest and increase in equity for conversion preferred dividends to stock 

Increase in
 operating lease right-of-use asset and right-of-use liability for new lease 

Increase in
 equity and decrease in liability for the conversion of preferred stock 

Non-cash increase
 of capitalized asset retirement obligation for increased funding plan 

Decrease in
 unearned revenue and increase in notes payable for repayment plan 

Increase in
 equity and decrease in non-controlling interest for acquisition of non-controlling interest in RadQual and TI Services 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash included in long-term
 assets 

Total cash, cash equivalents,
 and restricted cash shown in statement of cash flows 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

INTERNATIONAL ISOTOPES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED December
31, 2022 AND 2021 

interest in RadQual. In August 2017, affiliates of
the Company purchased the remaining of RadQual and at the time the Company was named as one of the two managing members of RadQual.
As a result of this ownership change, the Company has significant influence in management decisions with regard to RadQual s business
operations. In July 2021, the Company purchased the remaining of RadQual. RadQual and TI Services are now wholly-owned subsidiaries
of the Company. 

 Affiliates 

 Nature of Operations INIS and its subsidiaries,
(collectively, the Company, we, our or us manufacture a full range of nuclear
medicine calibration and reference standards, a wide range of products, including cobalt teletherapy sources and a varied selection of
radioisotopes and radiochemicals for medical research, pharmacy compounding, and clinical applications. The Company also distributes a
varied selection of radioisotopes and radiochemicals for medical and clinical research applications. The Company also holds several patents
for a fluorine extraction process that it plans to use in conjunction with a proposed commercial depleted uranium de-conversion facility
which would be located in Lea County, New Mexico (the De-Conversion Facility ). The Company s business consists of
four major business segments: Nuclear Medicine Standards, Cobalt Products, Radiochemical Products, and Fluorine Products. The Company s
headquarters and all operations, with the exception of TI Services, are located in Idaho Falls, Idaho. 

With the exception of certain unique products, the
Company s normal operating cycle is considered to be one year. Due to the time required to produce some cobalt products, the Company s
operating cycle for those products is considered to be two to three years. Accordingly, preliminary payments received on cobalt contracts,
where shipment will not take place for greater than the operating cycle, have been recorded as unearned revenue and, depending upon estimated
ship dates, classified under current or long-term liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. These unearned revenues
will be recognized as revenue in the future period during which the cobalt shipments begin. All assets expected to be realized in cash
or sold during the normal operating cycle of the business are classified as current assets. 

Principles of Consolidation The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including RadQual and TI Services. All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated during consolidation. 

Significant accounting policies 

and
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consist of operating accounts and money market accounts. For purposes of the consolidated
statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly-liquid financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less
at date of purchase to be cash equivalents. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had pledged
cash on deposit in a money market account valued at and respectively, as security for a surety bond. The surety
bond is required as part of the Company s operating license agreement with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission NRC ). 

The Company maintains its cash accounts in various
deposit accounts, the balances of which are periodically in excess of federally insured limits. 

. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These research and development costs were
incurred to maintain our planned de-conversion facility license and in our radiochemical products and nuclear medicine standards business
segments. 

and , respectively, related to stock options and stock grants.
This expense is included as part of salaries and contract labor in the accompanying statements of operations. 

Effects of dilutive shares 

Stock options 

Warrants 

Series B redeemable convertible preferred
 stock Series B Redeemable Convertible
 Preferred Stock 

Series C redeemable
 convertible preferred stock Series C
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had stock options outstanding, and outstanding shares of Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock (Series C Preferred
Stock), each of which were not included in the computation of diluted income per common share because they would be anti-dilutive. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
had stock options outstanding, warrants outstanding, outstanding shares of Series C redeemable convertible
preferred stock (Series C Preferred Stock), and outstanding shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock (Series B Preferred
Stock), each of which were not included in the computation of diluted income per common share because they would be anti-dilutive. 

Warrants 

850 Shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock 

4,213 Shares of Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock 

at December 31, 2022 and net income of for the year then ended. The Company s working
capital, which includes inventory that will not be sold for up to three years, has increased by from the prior year. The Company
has cash flows used by operations of . During 2022, the Company sought to improve future cash flows from operating activities
through execution of new sales agreements, improving operating cost control measures, making improvements in current manufacturing processes,
pursuing new service contracts, and developing new products. The Company s net income was in 2022, compared to net loss
of 902,347 in 2021. This is an increase in net income of . This increase in net income is largely the result of the approximate
 1.8 million gain on sale of assets. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
continued to focus on its long-standing core business segments, which consist of its radiochemical products, cobalt products, and nuclear
medicine standards, and in particular, the pursuit of new business opportunities within those segments. 

In addition to the Company s cobalt production
agreement with the DOE, the Company entered into supply agreements in 2015 with several customers for the purchase of cobalt-60. It takes
several years to irradiate cobalt targets to the desired level of activity; the shipment of cobalt-60 product to these customers is delayed
until cobalt that fits the customers need can be produced. Pursuant to these cobalt-60 supply agreements, the Company will not only
supply cobalt-60 to the customers but, in some instances, will also provide on-going services with respect to manufacturing and selling
cobalt sources. Each contract requires quarterly progress payments to be paid by customers to the Company. 

Due to changes in the nuclear industry over the past
few years, the Company s plans for the design and construction of a large-scale uranium de-conversion and fluorine extraction facility
were placed on hold. The Company expects that further activity on this project will remain on hold until the market and industry
conditions change to justify resuming design and construction of the facility. The Company will continue to incur some costs associated
with the maintenance of licenses and other necessary project investments for the proposed facility, and the Company expects to continue
to keep certain agreements in place to support resumption of project activities at the appropriate time. The conveyance of the land was contingent upon the Company commencing construction on Phase 1 of the facility
by December 31, 2014 and hiring a certain number of 

employees by December 31, 2015. Under the
amendment to the PPA, the Lea County, New Mexico Board of Commissioners agreed to extend those dates to December 31, 2016 and
December 31, 2017, respectively. The Company did not meet the deadlines set forth in the amended PPA, but plans to continue
discussions with the Lea County, New Mexico Board of Commissioners to further extend the milestone dates once contract opportunities
materialize. If the Company does not succeed in extending the commitment dates or in reaching performance dates set forth in a
modified agreement, then it may, at its sole option, either purchase or re-convey the property to Lea County, New Mexico. 

The Company holds a Nuclear Regulatory Commission NRC construction and operating license for the depleted uranium facility as well as the property agreement with Lea County,
New Mexico, where the plant is intended to be constructed. The NRC license for the de-conversion facility is a forty (40) year operating
license and is the first commercial license of this type issued in the United States. There are no other companies with a similar license
application under review by the NRC. Therefore, the NRC license represents a significant competitive barrier, and the Company believes
that it provides it with a very valuable asset. During 2022 the company has signed an Option to Purchase Assets Agreement with a company
that may be interested in bringing this project forward. The assets under consideration include the NRC license, property agreements,
and all engineering design work completed to date on the project. During 2023 the company expects to support further due diligence review
of the project by a third party that could lead to the sale of these assets in 2023 or 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company incurred costs of approximately to maintain licenses and other necessary project investments. During the same period
in 2021, the Company incurred costs of approximately for planning and development activities on the project. 

The Company expects that cash from operations and
its current cash balance will be sufficient to fund operations for the next twelve months. Future liquidity and capital funding requirements
will depend on numerous factors, including, contract manufacturing agreements, commercial relationships, technological developments, market
factors, available credit, and voluntary warrant redemption by shareholders. There is no assurance that additional capital and financing
will be available on acceptable terms to the Company or at all. 

interest in RadQual, with
which the Company has an exclusive manufacturing agreement for nuclear medicine products. On August 10, 2017, affiliates of the Company,
including the Company s Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, acquired the remaining interest in RadQual.
As a result of this change in ownership, the Company was named as a managing member and gained the ability to exercise significant management
control over the operations of RadQual. Because of this increased management ability, and pursuant to GAAP, the Company has consolidated
the accounts of RadQual into its financial statements beginning as of August 10, 2017. 

In July 2021, the Company purchased the remaining
 interest in RadQual for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, which was paid in shares of our common stock,
resulting in the issuance of shares of our common stock as consideration. As a result of this purchase, the Company owns
 of RadQual. The Company will continue to consolidate the accounts of RadQual as its wholly-owned subsidiary. 

Acquisition of Interest in TI Services, LLC 

In December 2010, the Company together with RadQual,
formed a owned joint venture, TI Services, LLC TI Services ). TI Services is engaged in the distribution and selling
of products related to the nuclear medicine industry. Because the Company controls more than a 50 direct and indirect ownership interest
in TI Services, the assets and liabilities of TI Services are consolidated with those of the Company, and RadQual s non-controlling
interest in TI Services is included in the Company s financial statements as a non-controlling interest. 

In July 2021, the Company purchased the remaining
 interest in RadQual. As a result of the is purchase, the Company now controls of TI Services. The Company will continue to
consolidate the accounts of TI Services as its wholly-owned subsidiary. 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Total Inventory 

Included in raw material inventory raw cobalt, strontium
and other raw elements. Raw material inventory is regularly reviewed for obsolescence. In 2021, the Company determined all raw material
inventory was obsolete. The remaining of raw material inventory was reduced to due to this impairment. 

Previously, work in process included costs to irradiate
cobalt-60 material under a contract with the DOE. This material was placed in the reactor exclusively for purchase by the Company. In
2021, the company took shipment of all remaining cobalt-60 for which it had paid irradiation charges. The Company has contracted with
several customers for the purchase of this cobalt-60 material and has collected advance payments for project management, up-front handling
and irradiation charges. The advance payments from customers were recorded as unearned revenue which are recognized in the Company s
consolidated financial statements as cobalt products are completed and shipped. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recognized approximately and , respectively, of revenue in its consolidated statements of operations for customer orders
filled during the period under these cobalt contracts. 

Transportation equipment Transportation Equipment 

Plant and improvements Plant and Improvements 

Production equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Included in fixed assets are assets purchased during
the planning phase for the construction of a de-conversion facility in Hobbs, New Mexico. Although construction of the facility
is currently on hold, the Company has determined that these assets continue to have future economic value based on what it considers a
strong likelihood that construction of the facility will occur in the future. 

Depreciation expense was and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additions 

Disposals 

Ending 

Accumulated amortization 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company
recognized of amortization expense, and during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized of amortization
expense. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

shares of Series C Preferred Stock and warrants. In
connection with the private placement, two investors holding convertible debentures exchanged aggregate principal totaling of
the convertible debentures for shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and warrants. 

Notes payable 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 In April 2018, the Company borrowed from
its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board pursuant to a promissory note (the 2018 Promissory Note). The 2018 Promissory Note
accrues interest at per annum, which is payable upon maturity of the 2018 Promissory Note. The 2018 Promissory Note was originally
unsecured and originally matured on . At any time, the holder of the 2018 Promissory Note may elect to have any or all of
the principal and accrued interest settled with shares of our common stock based on the average price of the shares over the previous
20 trading days. Pursuant to an amendment to the 2018 Promissory Note in June 2018, the maturity date was extended to with
all other provisions remaining unchanged. Pursuant to a second amendment to the 2018 Promissory Note in February 2019, the maturity date
was extended to with all other provisions remaining unchanged. Pursuant to a third amendment to the 2018 Promissory Note
in July 2019, the maturity date was extended to with all other provisions remaining unchanged. Pursuant to a fourth amendment
to the 2018 Promissory Note in December 2019, the maturity date was extended to and the 2018 Promissory Note was modified
to become secured by company assets, with all other provisions remaining unchanged. Pursuant to a fifth amendment to the 2018 Promissory
Note in December 2021, the maturity date was extended to with all other provisions remaining unchanged. 

At December 31, 2022, accrued interest on the 2018
Promissory Note totaled . 

In December 2013, the Company entered into a promissory
note agreement with its then Chairman of the Board and one of its major shareholders, pursuant to which the Company borrowed 
(the 2013 Promissory Note). The 2013 Promissory Note is secured and bears interest at per annum and was originally due .
According to the terms of the 2013 

Promissory Note, at any time, the lenders may
settle any or all of the principal and accrued interest with shares of the Company s common stock. The fair value of these warrants
issued totaled and was recorded as a debt discount were amortized over the life of the 2013 Promissory Note. The Company
calculated a beneficial conversion feature of which was accreted to interest expense over the life of the 2013 Promissory
Note. In June 2014, we renegotiated the terms of the 2013 Promissory Note. Pursuant to the modification, the maturity date was
extended to and In February
2017, the 2013 Promissory Note was further modified to extend the maturity date to , with all remaining terms
unchanged. On December 23, 2018, all Class L Warrants expired. In December 2019, the 2013 Promissory Note was further
modified to extend the maturity date to , with all remaining terms unchanged. In January 2022, the 2013 Promissory
Note was further modified to extend the maturity date to , with all remaining terms unchanged. 

At December 31, 2022, the principal balance of the
2013 Promissory Note was and accrued interest payable on the 2013 Promissory Note was . Interest expense recorded for
the year ended December 31, 2022, was . 

In April 2019, one of the prepaid revenue customers
requested a refund of the amounts paid. The Company entered into a note agreement to repay over the next 12 months. At December, 31, 2021 balance on this refund is . This refund was paid in full in February 2022. 

In August 2021, one of the prepaid revenue customers
requested a refund of the amounts paid. The Company entered into a note agreement to repay by June 2021. Any balance of the refund
amount left outstanding after December 31, 2021 accrues interest at a rate of per annum until paid in full. At December, 31, 2021 balance
on this refund is . This refund was paid in full in February 2022. 

 Subsequent Event 

 On December 20, 2019, the Company entered into a promissory
note agreement with four of the Company s major shareholders (the 2019 Promissory Note). The 2019 Promissory Note authorizes the
Company to borrow up to . As of December 31, 2019, the Company had borrowed under the 2019 promissory note. In February
2020, the Company borrowed an additional . The 2019 Promissory Note bears an interest rate of annually and is due . According to the terms of the 2019 Promissory Note, at any time, the lenders may settle any or all of the principal and accrued
interest with shares of the Company s common stock based on the average closing price of the Company s common stock for the
20 trading days preceding the payment. In connection with the 2019 Promissory Note, the lenders were issued warrants totaling 
warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at per share (Class O Warrants). The fair value of these Class
O Warrants issued totaled and was recorded as a debt discount and was amortized over the life of the 2019 Promissory Note. At
December 31, 2022, the remaining balance of this debt discount was . The Company calculated a beneficial conversion feature of 
which was accreted to interest expense over the life of the 2019 Promissory Note. At December 31, 2022, the remaining balance of this
beneficial conversion feature was . In January 2023, the 2019 Promissory Note was modified to extend the maturity date to , with all remaining terms unchanged. At December 31, 2022 accrued interest on the 2019 Promissory Note totaled . 

In April 2021, the Company
borrowed from its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board pursuant to a promissory note (the 2021 Promissory Note).
The 2021 Promissory Note accrues interest at per annum, which is payable upon maturity of the 2021 Promissory Note. The 2021 Promissory
Note was originally secured and matures on . At any time, the holder of the 2021 Promissory Note may elect to have any
or all of the principal and accrued interest settled with shares of our common stock at a conversion price of per share. On March
31, 2022, the Company repaid the 2021 Promissory Note in full. The payment included in principal and in interest. 

all principal and interest due on , secured 

Note payable to related parties bearing interest at all principal and interest due on , secured 

Note payable to related parties net of unamortized debt discount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, bearing interest at all principal and interest due on December 31, 2024, secured 

Note payable to related parties bearing interest at all principal and interest due on December 31, 2023, secured 

Note payable to customer pursuant to a refund agreement. Interest at 

Note payable to customer pursuant to a refund agreement. Interest at 

Note payable to a financial institution bearing interest at , secured 

Note payable to a financial institution bearing interest at , secured 

Note payable for purchase contract bearing interest at , secured 

Total notes payable 

Less: current maturities 

Notes payable, net of current installments and debt discount 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Short-term operating lease costs 

Financing lease expense: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total financing lease expense 

Total lease expense 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new financing lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) - operating leases 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) - financing leases 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

Weighted-average discount rate - financing leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease obligations 

Less-amount representing interest 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Present value of minimum lease obligations 

Current maturities 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Lease obligations, net of current maturities 

Class O Warrants to purchase
shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of per share. All Class O Warrants were exercised in
January 2021. 

In February 2020, the Company borrowed the remaining
amount available for borrowings under the 2019 Promissory Note as discussed above. As a result and according to the terms of the 2019
Promissory Note, the Company issued additional Class O Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a
purchase price of per share. All Class O Warrants were exercised in January 2021. 

On February 14, 2022, Class M Warrants were
exercised for an exercise price of per share. The Company received of proceeds as a result of the exercise. On February
17, 2022 the remaining unexercised Class M Warrants expired. On May 12, 2022, the remaining unexercised Class N Warrants
expired. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding warrants. 

Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2021, included
 Class M Warrants which were immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share and expired on ;
 Class N Warrants which are immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share and expire on . 

Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 
shares of preferred stock, par value per share. The Board is authorized to set the distinguishing characteristics of each series
prior to issuance, including the granting of limited or full voting rights, rights to the payment of dividends and amounts payable in
event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 

At December 31, 2021, there were shares of the
Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock outstanding with a mandatory redemption date
of May 2022 at per share, or in aggregate redemption value. The Series B Preferred Stock were convertible into common
stock at a conversion price of per share. These preferred shares carried no dividend preferences. Due to the mandatory redemption
provision, the Series B Preferred Stock were classified as a liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In 2021, shares
of Series C Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. On May 31, 2022, the Company paid with shares of the Company s
common stock all outstanding Series B Preferred Stock outstanding with a mandatory redemption date of May 2022 at per share
or . The May 31, 2022 average price of the Company s common stock was per share. The Company issued shares
of common stock to satisfy the redemption amount. 

At December 31, 2021
and December 31, 2022, there were total shares of the Series C Preferred Stock outstanding. The Series C Preferred Stock are convertible at the option of the investors at any time into shares of the
Company's common stock at an initial conversion price equal to 
per share, subject to adjustment. At any time after February 17, 2019, if the volume-weighted average closing price of the
Company s common stock over a period of 90 consecutive trading days is greater than 0.25 per share, the Company may redeem
all or any portion of the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock at the original purchase price per share 1,000) plus any accrued
and unpaid dividends, payable in shares of common stock. All outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock were to be redeemed by
the Company on February 17, 2022 at the original purchase price per share, payable in cash or shares of common stock, at the option
of the holder. In February 2022, based on approval of majority of the Preferred C Holders, the Company extended the redemption date
of the Series C Preferred Stock to February 17, 2023. In December 2022, based on approval of majority of the Preferred C Holders,
the Company extended the redemption date of the Series C Preferred Stock to February 17, 2025. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock
do not have any voting rights, except as required by law and in connection with certain events as set forth in the Statement of
Designation of the Series C Preferred Stock. 

The
Company pays dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock in February each year. Dividends payable totaled in February 2022 and
 in February 2021. Some holders of the Series C Preferred Stock elected to settle their dividend payments with shares of the Company s
common stock in lieu of cash. The Company issued shares of common stock in lieu of a dividend payment of in 2022 and
 shares of common stock in lieu of a dividend payment of in 2021. of dividend payable was settled with cash
in 2022 and was settled with cash in 2021. 

The
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock originated as follows: 

On February 17, 2017, the
Company entered into subscription agreements with certain investors, including two of the Company s directors, for the sale of
(i) an aggregate of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, and (ii) Class M warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock (the Class M Warrants), for gross proceeds of . The Series C Preferred Stock accrues dividends
at a rate of per annum, payable annually on February 17 th of each year, commencing on February 17, 2018. 

The Class M Warrants were
immediately exercisable at an exercise price of 
 per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the warrant, and expired in February 2022. 

The
Company allocated the proceeds to the Series C Preferred Stock and Class M Warrants based on their relative fair value, which resulted
in being allocated to the Series C Preferred Stock and being allocated to the Class M Warrants. The allocated Class
M Warrant value was recorded as a discount to the Series C Preferred Stock and will be amortized to interest expense over the five-year
life of the warrants. At December 31, 2021, the balance of the discount to the Series C Preferred Stock was and the net carrying
value of these shares of Series C Preferred Stock was . At December 31, 2022, the balance of the discount to the Series
C Preferred Stock was and the net carrying value of these shares of Series C Preferred Stock was . 

On March 24, 2017, the Company
entered into an Amendment to the 8 Convertible Notes (the Amendment), pursuant to which the 8 Convertible Notes (the Notes) issued by
the Company in July 2012 were amended to give noteholders certain additional rights. Pursuant to the Amendment, the Notes were modified
to provide each holder the right, at the holder s option and exercisable prior to May 12, 2017, to convert all or any portion of
the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest, into shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a conversion price of
 per share. Holders that elected to convert their Notes into Series C Preferred Stock received a Class N Warrant to purchase up
to 3,750 shares of the Company s common stock for each share of Series C Preferred Stock received upon conversion of the Notes,
with each Warrant having a five-year term, a cashless exercise feature, and an exercise price of 0.10 per share of common stock. On May
12, 2017, the Company completed the retirement of of the Notes in early cash redemptions, and of the Notes were converted
into an aggregate of shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Class N Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s
common stock. In 2021, shares of Series C Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. 

The Class N Warrants were
immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the warrant, and expired in May
2022. 

The
Company allocated the proceeds to the Series C Preferred Stock and Class N Warrants based on their relative fair value, which resulted
in being allocated to the Series C Preferred Stock and being allocated to the Class N Warrants. The allocated Class
N Warrant value was recorded as a discount to the Series C Preferred Stock and will be amortized to interest expense over the five-year
life of the warrants. At December 31, 2021, the balance of the discount to the Series C Preferred Stock was and the net carrying
value of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock was . At December 31, 2022, the balance of the discount to the Series
C Preferred Stock was and the net carrying value of shares of Series C Preferred Stock was . 

Employee Stock Purchase
Plan 

In September 2004, the Company s Board
approved an employee stock purchase plan for an aggregate of up to shares of the Company s common stock. The plan
allows employees to deduct up to 15 of their salary or wages each pay period to be used for the purchase of common stock at a
discounted rate. The common shares will be purchased at the end of each three-month offering period or other period as determined by
the Board. The plan is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal
Revenue Code. An amendment and restatement of the plan was approved in July 2020 by the Company s shareholders, which
increased the number of shares available for purchase by shares. At December 31, 2022 there were shares
available under the employee stock purchase plan. 

During 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and
 shares of common stock to employees for proceeds of and , respectively, in accordance with the employee stock purchase
plan. 

2015 Incentive Plan 

In April 2015, the Company s Board of Directors
approved the International Isotopes Inc. 2015 Incentive Plan (as amended, the 2015 Plan ,) which was subsequently approved
by the Company s shareholders in July 2015. The 2015 Plan was amended and restated in July 2018 to increase the number of shares
authorized for issuance under the 2015 plan by an additional shares. The 2015 Plan provides for the grant of incentive and
non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and units, and other
stock or cash-based awards. The 2015 Plan amends and restates the Company s Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan
(the 2006 Plan ). 

The 2015 Plan authorizes the issuance of up to 
shares of common stock, plus shares authorized, but not issued under the 2006 Plan. Unless earlier terminated, the 2015 Plan
will terminate on July 13, 2025. At December 31, 2022 there were shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. 

Non-Vested Stock Grants 

Pursuant
to an employment agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, the Company awarded fully vested shares of common stock to its Chief
Executive Officer in February 2022 under the 2015 Plan. The number of shares awarded was based on a stock award using a price
of per share. The employment agreement provides that the number of shares issued will be based on the average closing price of
common stock for the 20 trading days prior to issue date but not less than 0.05 per share. Compensation expense recorded pursuant to
this stock grant was , which was determined by multiplying the number of shares awarded by the closing price of the common stock
on February 28, 2021, which was 0.09 per share. The Company withheld shares of common stock to satisfy the employee s payroll
tax obligations in connection with this issuance. The net shares issued on February 28, 2022 totaled . 

Pursuant
to an employment agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, the Company awarded fully vested shares of common stock to its Chief
Executive Officer in February 2021 under the 2015 Plan. The number of shares awarded was based on a stock award using a price
of per share. The employment agreement provides that the number of shares issued will be based on the average closing price of
common stock for the 20 trading days prior to issue date but not less than 0.05 per share. Compensation expense recorded pursuant to
this stock grant was , which was determined by multiplying the number of shares awarded by the closing price of the common stock
on February 28, 2021, which was 0.12 per share. The Company withheld shares of common stock to satisfy the employee s payroll
tax obligations in connection with this issuance. The net shares issued on February 28, 2021 totaled . 

Stock Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The total intrinsic value of stock options outstanding
at December 31, 2022 was . The intrinsic value for stock options outstanding is calculated as the amount by which the quoted price of
 of the Company s common stock as of the end of 2022 exceeds the exercise price of the options. 

The Company recognized and of compensation
expense related to these options for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the remaining compensation
expense was and will be recognized over years. 

In
March 2022, qualified stock options were exercised under a cashless exercise. The company withheld shares to satisfy
the exercise price and issued shares of common stock. The options exercised were granted under the 2015 Plan, and, accordingly,
there was not any income tax effect in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In
August 2022, 200,000 qualified stock options were exercised under a cashless exercise. The company withheld shares to satisfy
the exercise price and issued shares of common stock. The options exercised were granted under the 2015 Plan, and, accordingly,
there was not any income tax effect in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In
January 2021, qualified stock options were exercised under a cashless exercise. The company withheld shares to satisfy
the exercise price and issued shares of common stock. The options exercised were granted under the 2015 Plan, and, accordingly,
there was not any income tax effect in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
January 2021, qualified stock options were exercised under a cashless exercise. The company withheld shares to satisfy
the exercise price and issued shares of common stock. The options exercised were granted under the 2015 Plan, and, accordingly,
there was not any income tax effect in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
September 2021, qualified stock options were exercised under a cashless exercise. The company withheld shares to satisfy
the exercise price and issued shares of common stock. The options exercised were granted under the 2015 Plan, and, accordingly,
there was not any income tax effect in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
December 2021, qualified stock options were exercised under a cashless exercise. The company withheld shares to satisfy
the exercise price and issued shares of common stock. The options exercised were granted under the 2015 Plan, and, accordingly,
there was not any income tax effect in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 Employee 

 Members of the Board 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company granted an employee qualified stock options with an exercise price
of per share and qualified stock options with an exercise price of per share to one of its employees and a total of
 qualified stock options with an exercise price of per share to two other employees. These options vest over a five -year
period with the first vesting at the one-year anniversary of the grant and expiration at ten-year anniversary for all grants. On February
21, 2022, the Compensation Committee granted qualified stock options to the Company s executive officers and 
non-qualified stock options to members of the Board. The exercise price for these options was per share. of the options
granted to an executive officer vest one half immediately and one half at the one-year anniversary of the grant. The remaining e xecutive
officer and board member All these granted options expire at
the ten-year anniversary of the grant. The options issued during the year ended December 31, 2022
have a fair value of as estimated on the date of issue using the Black-Scholes options pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions: risk free interest rate of to , expected dividend yield rate of , expected volatility of to and
an expected life between and years. 

 Executive Officers 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company granted qualified stock options to several of its employees. All options vest over a five -year period
with the first vesting at one-year anniversary for all grants and expiration at ten-year anniversary for all grants. The weighted average
exercise price for these options was per share. The options have a fair value of as estimated on the date of issue using
the Black-Scholes options pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: risk free interest rate of to , expected
dividend yield rate of , expected volatility of to and an expected life between and years. 

 Minimum 

 Maximum 

All options exercised were issued under a qualified
plan and accordingly, there is no income tax effect in the accompanying financial statements. 

Book and tax differences 

State taxes net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total Income Tax Expense 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred income tax asset 

Deferred income tax liability - depreciation 

Deferred tax asset (liability) 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating
losses of approximately that will begin to expire in 2024. The valuation allowances for 2022 and 2021 have been applied to
offset the deferred tax assets in recognition of the uncertainty that such benefits will be realized. 

In accordance with GAAP, the Company has analyzed
its filing positions in all jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns for the open tax years in such jurisdictions.
The Company currently believes that all significant filing positions are highly certain and that all of its significant income tax filing
positions and deductions would be sustained upon audit. Therefore, the Company has no significant reserves for uncertain tax positions,
and no adjustment to such reserves was required by GAAP. No interest or penalties have been levied against the Company and none are anticipated,
therefore no interest or penalty has been included in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The Internal Revenue Code contains provisions which
reduce or limit the availability and utilization of net operating loss carry forwards in the event of a more than 50 change in ownership.
If such an ownership change occurs with the Company, the use of these net operating losses could be limited. 

of its total gross revenue. The Company is making efforts to reduce its dependency on a small number of
customers by expanding both domestic and foreign. 

The production of HSA Cobalt is dependent upon the
DOE, and its prime operating contractor, which controls the reactor and laboratory operations at the ATR located outside of Idaho Falls,
Idaho. 

The key isotope
materials used to manufacture our radiopharmaceutical product and nuclear medicine reference standards are supplied to the Company through
agreements with several suppliers. The loss of any of these suppliers could adversely affect operating results by causing a delay in production
or a possible loss of sales. 

Contingencies 

Because all the Company s business segments
involve the handling or use of radioactive material, the Company is required to have an operating license from the NRC and specially trained
staff to handle these materials. The Company has amended this operating license numerous times to increase the amount of material permitted
within the Company s facility. Although this license does not currently restrict the volume of business operation performed
or projected to be performed in the upcoming year, additional processing capabilities and license amendments could be implemented that
would permit processing of other reactor-produced radioisotopes by the Company. The financial assurance required by the NRC to support
this license has been provided for with a surety bond and a restricted money market account, in the amount of , held with North
American Specialty Insurance Company and Merrill Lynch, respectively. 

Defined Contribution Pension Plan 

Although the Company reserves the right to
make discretionary matching contributions to participant accounts, there were no employer matching contributions made for either 2021
or 2020. All amounts withheld for employee contributions for 2021 were paid into the 401(k) Plan. The employer reserves the right to terminate
the 401(k) Plan at any time. 

Increase in lease disposal costs 

Accretion expense/amortization expense 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Increase in lease disposal costs 

Accretion expense/amortization expense 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Cobalt Products 

Nuclear Medicine Products 

Fluorine Products 

Prior period amounts have
not been adjusted under the modified retrospective approach. 

Under ASC Topic 606, the Company recognizes revenue
when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised goods or services to its customers, in an amount that
reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the product or service. 

Product sales consist of
a single performance obligation that the Company satisfies at a point in time. All transactions in the radiochemical products and nuclear
medicine standards segments fall into this category. Most sales transactions in the cobalt products business segment fall into this category
but other cobalt product sales are recorded as deferred income as discussed below. The Company recognizes product revenue when the following
events have occurred: (a) the Company has transferred physical possession of the products, (b) the Company has a present right to payment,
(c) the customer has legal title to the products, and (d) the customer bears significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products.
Based on the Company s historical practices and shipping terms specified in the sales agreements and invoices, these criteria are
generally met when the products are: 

Invoiced. 

 Shipped
from the Company s facilities FOB shipping point , which is the Company s standard shipping term). For these
sales, the Company determined that the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits from, the products
at the time the products are shipped. 

The Company s revenue
consists primarily of products manufactured for use in the nuclear medicine industry, distribution of radiochemicals, cobalt source manufacturing,
and providing radiological services on a contract basis for customers. With the exception of certain unique products, the Company s
normal operating cycle is considered to be one year. Due to the time required to produce some cobalt products, the Company s operating
cycle for those products is considered to be two to three years. Accordingly, preliminary payments
received on cobalt contracts, where shipment will not take place for greater than one year, have been recorded as unearned revenue on
the Company s consolidated balance sheets and classified under current or long-term liabilities, depending upon estimated ship dates.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported current unearned revenue of . For the period ended December 31, 2021,
the Company reported current unearned revenue of . These unearned revenues will be recognized as revenue in the periods
during which the cobalt shipments take place. 

Contract Balances 

The Company records a receivable
when it has an unconditional right to receive consideration after the performance obligations are satisfied. As of December 31, 2022,
and December 31, 2021, accounts receivable totaled and , respectively. 

Practical Expedients 

The Company has elected the
practical expedient not to determine whether contacts with customers contain significant financing components. 

Segment Information - Schedule of Segment
Reporting Information by Segment 

Sale of product 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Radiochemical products 

Cobalt products 

Nuclear medicine standards 

Fluorine products 

Total segments 

Corporate revenue 

Total consolidated 

Depreciation and amortization 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Radiochemical products 

Cobalt products 

Nuclear medicine standards 

Fluorine products 

Total segments 

Corporate depreciation and amortization 

Total consolidated 

Segment income (loss) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Radiochemical products 

Cobalt products 

Nuclear medicine standards 

Radiological services 

Fluorine products 

Total segments 

Corporate loss 

Total consolidated 

Expenditures for segment assets 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Radiochemical products 

Cobalt products 

Nuclear medicine standards 

Fluorine products 

Total segments 

Corporate purchases 

Total consolidated 

Segment assets 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Radiochemical products 

Cobalt products 

Nuclear medicine standards 

Radiological services 

Fluorine products 

Total segments 

Corporate assets 

Total consolidated 

fully vested shares of common stock to its Chief
Executive Officer in February 2023 under the 2015 Plan. The number of shares awarded was based on a stock award using a price
of per share. The employment agreement provides that the number of shares issued will be based on the average closing price of common
stock for the 20 trading days prior to issue date but not less than 0.05 per share. Compensation expense recorded pursuant to this stock
grant was , which was determined by multiplying the number of shares awarded by the closing price of the common stock on February
28, 2021, which was per share. The Company withheld shares of common stock to satisfy the employee s payroll tax obligations
in connection with this issuance. The net shares issued on February 28, 2023 totaled . 

F-26 

<EX-10>
 2
 exhibit103.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

Exhibit 10.3 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 exhibit211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARY LIST 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 State Incorporation 
 
 International Isotopes Idaho Inc. 
 
 Idaho 
 
 International Isotopes Fluorine Products Inc. 
 
 Idaho 
 
 International Isotopes Transportation Services Inc. 
 
 Idaho 
 
 RadQual, LLC 
 
 Idaho 
 
 TI Services, LLC 
 
 Ohio 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 exhibit231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Steve T. Laflin, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of International Isotopes Inc.; 

2 Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15
(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 5, 2023 

/s/ Steve T. Laflin 

 Steve T Laflin, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, W. Matthew Cox, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of International Isotopes Inc.; 

2 Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15
(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 5, 2023 

/s/ W. Matthew Cox 

 W. Matthew Cox, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
International Isotopes Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Form 10-K ), I, Steve T. Laflin, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in my capacity as such,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

(2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

April 5, 2023 
 /s/ Steve T. Laflin 

Steve T. Laflin 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of International
Isotopes Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Form 10-K ), I, W. Matthew Cox, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, in my capacity as such,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of
my knowledge: 

(1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

(2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

April 5, 2023 
 /s/ W. Matthew Cox 

W. Matthew Cox 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 34
 inis-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 36
 inis-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 37
 inis-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 38
 inis-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

