<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230410_10-K_edgar_data_1145604_0001826466-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1985337</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>68136</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>461368</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>420264</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>442926</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>548909</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001826466-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230410120425
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001826466-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230410

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NIKA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001145604
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS TRANSPORTATION EQUIPMENT [3790]
		IRS NUMBER:				900292940
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56234
		FILM NUMBER:		23810262

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2269 MERRIMACK VALLEY AVENUE
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89044
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7023263615

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2269 MERRIMACK VALLEY AVENUE
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89044

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTENNIAL GROWTH EQUITIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001826466-23-000014.txt : 20230410

10-K
 1
 nika-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year Ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to
____________ 
 Commission File No.: 
 (Exact name of the small business issuer as specified in
its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 Identification No.)

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 )- (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code) 
 CENTENNIAL GROWTH EQUITIES INC. (Former name,
former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes
 [X] 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
 [X] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
[X] No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

[X] 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a
report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 [X] 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting shares
of the Company s Common Stock held by non-affiliates: The stock of the Company
is not traded on any exchange at this time. 
 As of April 3, 2023, there were shares of the
issuer s common stock outstanding. 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business
 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 5 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 5 

Item
 2. 
 Property
 
 5 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 5 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 5 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 6 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved]
 
 6 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation
 
 6 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 8 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 8 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure 
 20 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 20 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 21 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign
 Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 23 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Stockholder Matters 
 25 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 25 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 26 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 

Signatures
 
 28 
 3 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Unless the context indicates
otherwise, as used in this Annual Report, the terms Nika, we, us, our, 
 our company and our business refer, to Nika Pharmaceuticals, Inc..,
including its subsidiaries. Certain statements, other than purely historical
information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our
business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions
upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, 
 project, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, plan, 
 may, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and
similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current
expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which
may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans
or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material
adverse effect on our operations and future prospects include, but are not
limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes,
availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted
accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered
in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed
on such statements. 
 Business Overview 
 Nika Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was
incorporated in the State of Colorado on June 6, 2000. Pursuant to the terms of
a stock purchase agreement resulting in a change of control the Company is
changing its business to focus on the following. 
 On April 7, 2022, the Company
signed with VITAL FE Joint Stock Company VITAL an Exclusive Rights
Agreement for a term of 15 years for the production and distribution of Thymus
Nuclear Glycoprotein TNG ). VITAL holds the technology to manufacture TNG and
the intellectual property for Phase III Clinical Trial on TNG, started in 1997
and completed in 1998 in Infectious Diseases Hospital, Sofia on 20 patients
suffering from AIDS in the advanced stages of the disease. The results of the
clinical trial show that TNG has a significant place in the treatment of HIV.
 
 On April 7, 2022, signed with
 MICAR 11 LTD. MICAR an Exclusive Rights Agreement for a term of 15 years
for the production and distribution of two dietary supplements, namely
 Carotilen and Physiolong . Carotilen is a dietary supplement
in the form of soft gelatin capsules that improves and regulates the metabolism
of the epithelial cells and protects them from degenerative alterations. It
favorably affects embryonic development; the regulation of the growth and
division of the cells; stimulates the growth of the bone tissue; favorably
affects the function of the gonads; increases and maintains high level of the
immune system. Physiolong is a dietary food supplement in the form of
hard gelatin capsules, which serves as general stimulant for those in a period
of convalescence, as well as in situations of high mental and physical loads,
and for the recovery in sports. 
 On August 1, 2022, the Company
signed a Joint Business Agreement with Immunotech Laboratories BG, Ltd. through
which the two companies are combining their efforts to realize the registration,
production and distribution of medicinal products based on the Inactivated
Pepsin Fraction IPF platform with U.S. Patents N 7,479,538, 7,625,565,
8,066,982, 8,067,531, 8,309,072. The duration of the agreement is for a period
of 9 years and will renew automatically for another 9 years unless there are
reasonable objections to the renewal by one of the parties. 
 On August 1, 2022, the Company
signed a Cooperation Agreement with Nika BioTechnology, Inc. (OTCMKTS: NIKA) a
Nevada Corporation. Pursuant to the agreement, all development of the
prescription drug TNG, the dietary supplements Physiolong and Carotilen, as well
as any future acquired other patents for prescription drugs and dietary
supplements, shall be jointly developed by the parties. The costs of production
and distribution will be financed by both parties in equal parts. The net profit
 after deduction of all expenses and taxes will be distributed between the
parties in equal parts. The agreement is for a period of 15 years. 
 On August 31, 2022, the company
signed an Exclusive Rights Agreement with Dimitar Slavchev Savov through which
Nika is appointed as an exclusive representative for the production and sale of
additional 6 dietary supplements Hypocholestin, Biodetoxin, Dry Boza, Fructin, Anthocylen C,
Silymaron - within the territories of Europe, Asia, Africa, South America, North
America and Australia. 
 4 

On October 11, 2022, the Company
acquired a 40 stake in Nika Europe, Ltd. through which the company will have a
firm foothold on the markets of Europe, Asia, and Africa. Nika Europe is
preparing the construction of a pharmaceutical factory that is comprised of
different manufacturing facilities for the production of drugs in injection,
tablet and other forms. The factory will have enough production capacity to
secure the needs of Nika. 
 Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company 
 We qualify as an emerging growth
company as defined under the Securities Act. As a result, we are permitted to,
and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are
otherwise applicable to public companies. These provisions include, but are not
limited to: 

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
 requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended
 (or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
 compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration
 statements; and 

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
 advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
 golden parachute payments not previously approved.

In addition, an emerging growth
company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with
new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging growth
company to delay the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves
of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company
until the earliest to occur of: (i) our reporting 1.07 billion or more in
annual gross revenues; (ii) the end of fiscal year 2024; (iii) our issuance, in
a three year period, of more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; and (iv)
the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by
non-affiliates exceeded 700 million on the last business day of our second
fiscal quarter. 
 ITEM 1A, RISK FACTORS 
 We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as
such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We do not currently own any
property. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 There are no material claims,
actions, suits, proceedings, or investigations that are currently pending or, to
the Company s knowledge, threatened by or against the Company or respecting its
operations or assets, or by or against any of the Company s officers, directors,
or affiliates. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 5 

Part II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 The stock of the Company is not
traded on any exchange at this time. 
 Common Stock 
 There are 2,700,000,000 shares of
Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, authorized, with 876,090,000 shares issued and
outstanding. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. The holders of Common
Stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We have 10,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock authorized of which 10,000,000 are issued and outstanding. 
 Security Holders 
 At February 24, 2023 there were
approximately 63 holders of record of our common stock, although we believe that
there are other persons who are beneficial owners of our common stock held in
street name. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Securities
Transfer Corporation, 2901 N Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093.
Their telephone number is 469-633-0101. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never paid any cash
dividends and intend, for the foreseeable future, to retain any future earnings
for the development of our business. Our Board of Directors will determine our
future dividend policy on the basis of various factors, including our results of
operations, financial condition, capital requirements and investment
opportunities. 
 Recent Issuance of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 
 None. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operation 
 The following discussion and
analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements and notes related thereto included elsewhere
in this report. 
 Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31,
2022 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 General and Administrative 
 General and Administrative G A expenses have primarily
consisted of costs related to filing the Form 10-K and Form 10-Qs for the
Company, including audit and accounting expense and filing fees. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had G A expense of 33,175 and 14,712.
An increase of 19,003 or 129.1 . The increase can be attributed to an increase
in professional fees of 9,010 and development expense of 6,096. 

 6 

Consulting expense 
 Consulting expense was 150,000 and 0 for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the current year the Company
issued common stock for services for total non-cash consulting expense of
 150,000. 
 Development expense 
 During the current year the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock per the terms of two Exclusive Rights Agreement (Note 4). The
preferred shares were valued at 3,000,000. 
 Net Loss 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a
net loss of 3,183,715, compared to a net loss of 14,712 during the year ended
December 3, 2021. The increase in net loss is due to expenses associated with
the issuance of common and preferred stock as discussed above. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 33,715 during the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 14,712 used in operating activities
during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Investing Activities 
 We neither generated nor used cash in investing activities
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, we received 24,180
in loan proceeds from related parties and 10,000 from the sale of common stock.
During the years ended December 31, 2021, we received 13,500 in loan proceeds
from a former related party. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
arrangements. 
 Going Concern 
 We have not yet generated
sustained profits from our operations. Our independent accountants have
expressed a "going concern" opinion. As of December 31, 2022, we had an
accumulated deficit of 3,335,414 and a net loss of 3,183,715 3,150,000 of
which was non-cash as the result of stock issued) for the year ended December
31, 2022. 
 Management believes the Company
will continue to incur losses and negative cash flows from operating activities
for the foreseeable future and will need additional equity or debt financing to
sustain its operations until it can achieve profitability and positive cash
flows, if ever. Management plans to seek additional debt and/or equity financing
for the Company but cannot assure that such financing will be available on
acceptable terms. 
 Our current management has agreed
to advance funds to the Company on an as needed basis. Should existing
management, stockholders or our affiliates refuse to advance needed funds,
however, we would be forced to turn to outside parties to either lend funds to
us or buy our securities. There is no assurance that we will be able to raise
the necessary funds, when needed, from outside sources. 
 The Company s continuation as a
going concern is dependent upon its ability to ultimately attain profitable
operations, generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations, and obtain
additional financing as may be required. Our auditors have included a going
concern qualification in their Report of Independent Certified Public
Accountants accompanying our audited consolidated financial statements appearing
elsewhere herein which cites substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. Such a going concern qualification may make it more difficult
for us to raise funds when needed. The outcome of this uncertainty cannot be
assured. 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the
information under this item. 
 7 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY 
 CENTENNIAL GROWTH EQUITIES, INC. TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm (BF Borgers CPA PC - PCAOB ID 5041) 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm (Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah- PCAOB ID 6117) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December
 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders 
 Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

8 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 
 To the shareholders and the board of directors of Nika
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of
Nika Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related
statement of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the
year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
"financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States. 
 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s BF Borgers CPA PC 
 (PCAOB ID 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022
 
 March 31, 2023 

 F-2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and 
Nika Pharmaceuticals, Inc 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Centennial Growth Equities, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year then ended, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. Centennial Growth Equities,Inc. 
 Going Concern Consideration 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company
has suffered recurring losses and has no operations, which raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in
regard to these matters are described in Note 3. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to
obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ Pinnacle Accountanc y Group of
Utah 
 
 (PCAOB ID March 3, 2022 
 F-3 

NIKA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 (FORMERLY CENTENNIAL GROWTH EQUITIES, INC.) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Due to related
 party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Due to related party - long term 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred
 Stock; par value ; 
 shares authorized;

and shares issued and outstanding,
 respectively 

Common Stock;
 par value ; 
 shares authorized;

and shares issued and
 outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Total Stockholders' Equity
 (Deficit) 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

NIKA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 (FORMERLY CENTENNIAL GROWTH EQUITIES, INC.) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years
 Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Consulting expense 

Development
 expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 
 
 ()

() 

Loss before provision for
 income taxes 
 
 ()

() 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

Net Loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Weighted average common shares outstanding,
 basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

NIKA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 (FORMERLY CENTENNIAL GROWTH EQUITIES, INC.) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
 (DEFICIT) 
 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Total 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

in Capital 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2020

() 
 
 () 
 
 Net loss 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2021

() 
 
 () 
 
 Forgiveness of related party loans 

Common stock issued for cash

Common stock issued for services 

Preferred stock issued for
 agreement 

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022

() 
 
 ()
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

NIKA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 (FORMERLY CENTENNIAL GROWTH EQUITIES, INC.) 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years
 Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net Loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
 activities: 

Preferred
 stock issued 

Common stock issued for services

Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities: 

Net cash used in operating
 activities 
 
 ()

()

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Common stock issued for cash 

Loans from related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

() 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow
 information: 

Cash paid
 for taxes 

Cash paid for interest

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing
 and financing activity: 

Forgiveness of related party debt 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

 F-7 

NIKA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (FORMERLY CENTENNIAL
GROWTH EQUITIES, INC.) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 shares of common
stock was issued to the Company, making it a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. There has been no activity in the subsidiary. 
 On February 28, 2020, the Company created a subsidiary,
Centennial Ventures, Inc., a Colorado corporation, of which shares of common
stock was issued to the Company., making it a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. There has been no activity in the subsidiary. 
 Mr. Ray was appointed as a Director, CEO, CFO, Secretary and
Treasurer of the Company and Mrs. A. Terry Ray, the wife of Mr. Ray, was
appointed as a Director of the Company. 

On April 1, 2022, the board of directors accepted the
resignations of Mr. Phil E. Ray and Mrs. A. Terry Ray and appointed
Dimitar Slavchev Savov to serve as President, CEO, CFO and Clifford Redekop to
serve as Secretary of the Corporation. 
 As of April 11, 2022, due to the acquisitions of Exclusive
Rights Agreements (Note 5) and the updated business scope, the Company is no
longer designated as a shell company. 

as of December 31, 2022, has no
current operations and has generated income to date. These factors raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company
will continue as a going concern. The Company may raise additional capital
through the sale of its equity securities, through offerings of debt securities,
or through borrowings from financial institutions. Management believes that
actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding provide the
opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. These
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be
unable to continue as a going concern. 
 . 
 The provision for Federal income tax consists of the following
December 31: 

Less: change in valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal
 income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of of
significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry
forwards of approximately maybe offset against future taxable income.
 tax benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2022 or 2021 financial
statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of
the same amount. 
 Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act
of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting
purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur,
net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 
 ASC Topic 740 provides guidance on the accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements.
Topic 740 requires a company to determine whether it is more likely than not
that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based upon the technical
merits of the position. If the more-likely-than-not threshold is met, a company
must measure the tax position to determine the amount to recognize in the
financial statements. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the
U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state and local jurisdictions. Federal
income tax returns prior to fiscal year 2019 are closed. 
 The Company includes interest and penalties arising from the
underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision
for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no accrued interest
or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 and , respectively. 
 In conjunction with the sale of the majority shares of the
Company and the change in ownership, Mr. Ray forgave the that was due to
him from the Company. The has been credited to additional paid in
capital. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Dimitar Slavchev Savov,
CEO, advanced the Company to pay for general operating expenses. The
advance in non-interest bearing and due on demand. 
 Exclusive Rights Agreements 
 On April 7, 2022, the Company signed with VITAL FE Joint
Stock Company VITAL an Exclusive Rights Agreement for a term of 15 years for
the production and distribution of Thymus Nuclear Glycoprotein TNG ). VITAL
holds the technology to manufacture TNG and the intellectual property for Phase
III Clinical Trial on TNG, started in 1997 and completed in 1998 in Infectious
Diseases Hospital, Sofia on 20 patients suffering from AIDS in the advanced
stages of the disease. The results of the clinical trial show that TNG has a
significant place in the treatment of HIV. shares of Preferred stock to be issued in the name of
Dimitar Slavchev Savov . Dimitar Savov is Managing Director and owner of stake
in VITAL. The shares were valued based on the equivalent number of votes for
common shares. The (8 billion) equivalent common shares were
valued at , the last sale price for common shares, (as there is currently
no trading volume), for total non-cash expense of . 
 On April 7, 2022, the Company signed with MICAR 11 LTD. MICAR an Exclusive Rights Agreement for a term of 15 years for the
production and distribution of two dietary supplements, namely Carotilen
 and Physiolong . Carotilen is a dietary supplement in the form
of soft gelatin capsules that improves and regulates the metabolism of the
epithelial cells and protects them from degenerative alterations. It favorably
affects embryonic development; the regulation of the growth and division of the
cells; stimulates the growth of the bone tissue; favorably affects the function
of the gonads; increases and maintains high level of the immune system.
 Physiolong is a dietary food supplement in the form of hard gelatin
capsules, which serves as general stimulant for those in a period of
convalescence, as well as in situations of high mental and physical loads, and
for the recovery in sports. shares of Preferred stock to be issued in the name of
Dimitar Slavchev Savov. MICAR is wholly owned by Dimitar Savov and he acts as its
Managing Director. The shares were valued based on the equivalent number of
votes for common shares. The (2 billion) equivalent common shares
were valued at , the last sale price for common shares, (as there is
currently no trading volume), for total non-cash expense of . 

shares of common stock were issued.
The stock dividend is considered to be a forward split in form; therefore, all
shares throughout these financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to
reflect the split. 
 On August 18, 2022, the Company Amended its Articles of
Incorporation to change the par value of the common stock from to
 . 
 On April 25, 2022, the Company issued
 shares of common stock to Noble Investment Corp. pursuant to the terms
of a Consulting Services Agreement for the goal of getting an active trading
symbol and placing the Company s common stock on OTC Markets. The shares were
valued at , for total non-cash expense of . 
 On April 26, 2022, the Company sold shares of common
stock for at per share. 
 On April 26, 2022, the Company issued
 shares of common stock pursuant to the terms of an Intermediation
Agreement with the goal of getting national distribution of the Company s
dietary supplements Physiolong and Carotilenin the North American markets. The
shares were valued at , for total non-cash expense of . 
 On April 26, 2022, the Company issued
 shares of common stock to Mariya Radivoeva pursuant to the terms of a
Services Agreement with the goal of creating a coherent brand that reflects the
entry of Nika Pharmaceuticals . Inc. into the
pharmaceutical industry. The shares were valued at , for total non-cash
expense of . 
 On April 26, 2022, the Company issued
 shares of common stock to Kubrat Radivoev pursuant to the terms of a
Services Agreement with the goal of construction and maintenance of the
Company s own production facility. The shares were valued at , for total
non-cash expense of . 
 Shares of
Preferred Stock shall, with respect to dividend rights, rights on redemption and
rights on liquidation, winding up and dissolution, rank pari passu with all
classes of Common Stock. 
 On August 18, 2022, the Company Amended its Articles of
Incorporation to change the par value of the preferred stock from to
 . 
 Refer to Note 5 for preferred stock issued to a related
party. 
 . 
 F-12 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 We have had no disagreements 
(as such term is defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K) with our Accountant on
any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and
principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule
15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as
of December 31, 2021. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded such controls and procedures to be
ineffective as of December 31, 2022, to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Commission's rules and forms and to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act
is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting,
as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d- 15 (f) under the Exchange
Act, for the Company. 
 Our internal control over
financial reporting is the process designed by and under the supervision of our
CEO and CFO, or the persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the
preparation of our financial statements for external reporting in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting - Guidance for Smaller Public Companies. 
 Under the supervision and with
the participation of our CEO and CFO, or the persons performing similar
functions, our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and concluded that it is not
effective because of the material weakness described below: 
 We are aware of the following
material weaknesses in internal control that could adversely affect the
Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data: 
 20 

Lack of an audit committee 

Lack of segregation of duties
 
 A material weakness is a
significant deficiency in one or more of the internal control components that
alone or in the aggregate precludes our internal controls from reducing to an
appropriately low level the risk that material misstatements in our consolidated
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 This annual report does not
include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject
to attestation by the registrant s registered public accounting firm pursuant to
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the registrant to
provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 Evaluation of Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 
 During the year ended December
31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of
Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. We intend to recruit additional professionals, as our business
conditions warrant, to ensure that we include all necessary disclosure in our
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although we believe that
these corrective steps will enable management to conclude that the internal
controls over our financial reporting are effective when the staff is in place
and trained, we cannot provide assurance that these steps will be sufficient. We
may be required to expend additional resources to identify, assess and correct
any additional weaknesses in internal control. 
 Important Considerations 
 The effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial
reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost
limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of human error,
and the risk of fraud. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with
policies or procedures may deteriorate over time. Because of these limitations,
there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures
or internal control over financial reporting will be successful in preventing
all errors or fraud or in making all material information known in a timely
manner to the appropriate levels of management. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 
 Identity of Officers and Directors 
 The following table sets forth the names, ages, and titles of
our executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions Held 
 Since 
 
 Dimitar Slavchev Savov 
 65 
 President, CEO, CFO, Director
 
 April 1, 2022 

Clifford Redekop 
 74 
 Secretary Director 
 April 1, 2022

Dimitar Slavchev Savov , Mr.
Savov was born in Sofia, Bulgaria on March 03, 1958. Savov graduated at the
 Dimitar A. Tsenov Academy of Economics as a magister of economics with a
specialty in accounting and control with a minor in finance. During the
political changes of November 10, 1989, Mr. Savov started a private business by
creating the first private petrol company and in a time of crisis with a lack of
fuel, Mr. Savov created a chain of the first private and modern gas stations in Bulgaria named Elpida 3. He brought the company to
a highly competitive level and practically saved Neftohim Burgas from bankruptcy
and Bulgaria from a fuel shortage. For the past 25 years, Mr. Savov has invested
and developed projects in the pharmaceutical field with the goal to provide
medicine for treatment of various life-threatening diseases including AIDS,
Cancer and others. 
 21 

Clifford Redekop,
 Mr,Redekop has an honors liberal arts degree from Brock University and
served in the Canadian Navy for 12 years. His first five years in the Navy were
as a destroyer weapons officer and the remainder as a public affairs officer.
Postings and assignments were across Canada and in Germany, and with many
experiences as Defense Department spokesman for multiple casualties and
politically sensitive situations. Further education included graduate school
training in communications management and journalism. After leaving the Navy,
Redekop moved to Las Vegas, Nevada and became a commercial real estate
broker/investor/developer. Redekop is a licensed broker in Nevada and Utah.
Currently, and for the past six years, he has specialized in assisting companies
launch major expansions and in merging private businesses into public companies.
He has also worked with a number of Native American Tribes in assisting them to
bring economic development to their reservations. 
 None of our directors or officers
are related to each other. There are no arrangements or understandings with any
of our principal stockholders, customers, suppliers, or any other person,
pursuant to which any of our directors or executive officers were appointed. 
 Significant Employees 
 We have no significant employees other than our officers. 
 Director or Officer Involvement in Certain Legal
Proceedings 
 During the past five (5) years,
none of the following occurred with respect to one of our present or former
directors or executive officers: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against
any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two (2)
 years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or
being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and
other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of any competent
jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in
a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodities
Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or
commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or
vacated. 
 Director Independence 
 We are not at this time required
to have our board comprised of a majority of independent directors as we are
not subject to the listing requirements of any national securities exchange or
association, 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
requires a company s directors, officers, and stockholders who beneficially own
more than 10 of any class of equity securities of the Company registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (collectively referred to herein as
the Reporting Persons ), to file initial statements of beneficial ownership of
securities and statements of changes in beneficial ownership of securities with
respect to the company s equity securities with the SEC. All Reporting Persons
are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all reports that
such Reporting Persons file with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a). 
 Based solely on review of the copies of such forms furnished to
Centennial Growth Equity's directors have not filed their reports as of the date
of this Annual Report. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have not yet adopted a code of
ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing
similar functions. 
 22 

Corporate Governance 
 There have been no changes in any state law or other procedures
by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. In
addition to having no nominating committee for this purpose, we currently have
no specific audit committee and no audit committee financial expert. Based on
the fact that our current business affairs are simple, any such committees are
excessive and beyond the scope of our business and needs. 
 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 We do not currently have an audit
committee financial expert, nor do we have an audit committee. Our board of
directors, handles the functions that would otherwise be handled by an audit
committee. We do not currently have the capital resources to pay director fees
to a qualified independent expert who would be willing to serve on our board and
who would be willing to act as an audit committee financial expert. As our
business expands and as we appoint others to our board of directors, we expect
that we will seek a qualified independent expert to become a member of our board
of directors. Before retaining any such expert our board would make a
determination as to whether such person is independent. 
 ITEM 11, EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Summary Compensation Table 

Change in 

Pensions 

Non- 

Value and 

Equity 

Nonqualified 

Incentive 

Deferred 

Name and 

Stock 

Option 

Plan 

Compensation 

All 

Principal 

Salary 

Bonus 

Awards 

Awards 

Compensation 

Earnings 

Other 

Total 

Position 
 
 Year 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Compensation ) 

) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

Dimitar Slavchev Savov (CEO, Director) 
 
 2022 

Phil Ray (former CEO, Director) 
 
 2022 

Phil Ray 
 
 2021 

Alice Ray (former Director) 
 
 2022 

Alice Ray 
 
 2021 

No officer or director of the
Company has received any compensation in 2022 or 2021. 
 Our directors and officers do not
have unexercised options, stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan
awards. 
 23 

We do not currently have a stock
option plan. No individual grants of stock options, whether or not in tandem
with stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding SARs have been made
to any executive officer or any director since our inception; accordingly, no
stock options have been granted or exercised by any of the officers or directors
since inception. 
 We do not have any long-term
incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for
performance. No individual grants or agreements regarding future payouts under
non-stock price-based plans have been made to any executive officer or any
director or any employee or consultant since our inception; accordingly, no
future payouts under non-stock price-based plans or agreements have been granted
or entered into or exercised by our officer or director or employees or
consultants since inception. 

 To the knowledge of management,
during the past five years, no present or former director, or executive officer
of the Company: 
 1. 
Has filed a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency
law, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed by a court
for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or
she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing,
or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive
officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 
 2. 
Was convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject of a pending criminal
proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 3. Was
the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or
temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting, the following
activities: 
 i. Acting
as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor,
commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, associated
person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker
or dealer in securities, or as an affiliate person, director or employee of any
investment company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in
connection with such activity; 
 ii. Engaging
in any type of business practice; 
 iii. Engaging
in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or
commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities
laws or federal commodities laws; 
 4. 
Was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended, or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring, suspending, or
otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in
any such activity. 
 5. Was
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the
Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated any federal or state
securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the
Securities and Exchange Commission has not been subsequently reversed,
suspended, or vacated. 
 6. Was
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal commodities law, and the
judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated. 
 Director Compensation 
 We do not currently pay any
compensation to our directors, nor do we pay directors expenses in attending
board meetings. 
 Employment Agreements 
 The Company is not a party to any employment agreements. 

 24 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT 
 The following table sets forth,
as of December 31, 2022, the number and percentage of our outstanding shares of
common stock owned by (i) each person known to us to beneficially own more than
5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each director, (iii) each named
executive officer, and (iv) all officers and directors as a group. Common stock
beneficially owned and percentage ownership was based on 876,090,000 shares
outstanding on December 31, 2022. 

Shares of 

Percent of 

Shares of 

Percent of 

Number of 

Percent of 

Common 

Common 

Series A 

Series A 

Voting 

Voting 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Stock 

Stock 

Preferred 

Preferred 

Shares 

Shares 

Beneficially 

Beneficially 

Stock 

Stock 

Beneficially 

Beneficially 

Owned 

Owned (1)

Beneficially 

Beneficially 

Owned 

Owned (1)

Owned 

Owned 

5 Beneficial Owners 

ACFT LLC 
 
 150,000,000 

17.12 

Mariya S Radivoeva 
 
 94,000,000 

10.79 

Directors and Officers 

Dimitar Slavchev Savov 
 
 333,420,000 

38.04 

10,000,000 

100 

100,000,000 

44.4 

Clifford Redekop 

All directors and executive
 officers as a group (2 persons) 
 
 333,420,000 

38.04 

10,000,000 

100 

100,000,000 

44.4 

Under SEC rules, beneficial ownership includes
 shares over which the individual or entity has voting or investment power
 and any shares which the individual or entity has the right to acquire
 within sixty days. 
 
 (1) 
 Percentage of voting stock is based on
 876,090,000 shares of our common stock and 1,021 shares of Series A
 Preferred Stock (convertible into 100,000,000 shares of common stock)
 outstanding on March 17, 2023. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The following information
summarizes transactions we have either engaged in for the past two fiscal years
or propose to engage in, involving our executive officers, directors, more than
5 stockholders, or immediate family members of these persons. These
transactions were negotiated between related parties without arm s length 
bargaining and, as a result, the terms of these transactions may be different
than transactions negotiated between unrelated persons. 
 During the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Ray loaned the Company 6,000 and 11,500, respectively.
 
 In conjunction with the sale of
the majority shares of the Company and the change in ownership, Mr. Ray forgave
the 30,018 that was due to him from the Company. The 30,018 has been credited
to additional paid in capital. 
 During the year ended December
31, 2022, Dimitar Slavchev Savov, CEO, advanced the Company 18,180 to pay for
general operating expenses. The advance in non-interest bearing and due on
demand. 
 Exclusive Rights Agreements 
 On April 7, 2022, the Company
signed with VITAL FE Joint Stock Company VITAL an Exclusive Rights
Agreement for a term of 15 years for the production and distribution of Thymus
Nuclear Glycoprotein TNG ). VITAL holds the technology to manufacture TNG and
the intellectual property for Phase III Clinical Trial on TNG, started in 1997
and completed in 1998 in Infectious Diseases Hospital, Sofia on 20 patients
suffering from AIDS in the advanced stages of the disease. The results of the
clinical trial show that TNG has a significant place in the treatment of HIV.
Under the terms of the agreement the Company issued 8,000,000 shares of
Preferred stock to be issued in the name of Dimitar Slavchev Savov. Dimitar Savov
is Managing Director and owner of 70 stake in VITAL. The shares were valued
based on the equivalent number of votes for common shares. The 8,000,000,000 (8
billion) equivalent common shares were valued at 0.0003, the last sale price
for common shares, (as there is currently no trading volume), for total non-cash
expense of 2,400,000. 
 On April 7, 2022, the Company signed with MICAR 11 LTD. MICAR an Exclusive Rights Agreement for a term of 15 years for the production and distribution of two dietary
supplements, namely Carotilen and Physiolong . Carotilen is a dietary supplement in the form of soft gelatin
capsules that improves and regulates the metabolism of the epithelial cells and protects them from degenerative alterations. It
favorably affects embryonic development; the regulation of the growth and division of the cells; stimulates the growth of the bone
tissue; favorably affects the function of the gonads; increases and maintains high level of the immune system. Physiolong is
a dietary food supplement in the form of hard gelatin capsules, which serves as general stimulant for those in a period of
convalescence, as well as in situations of high mental and physical loads, and for the recovery in sports. Under the terms of the
agreement the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of Preferred stock to be issued in the name of Dimitar Slavchev Savov. MICAR is wholly
owned by Dimitar Savov and he acts as its Managing Director. The shares were valued based on the equivalent number of votes for
common shares. The 2,000,000,000 (2 billion) equivalent common shares were valued at 0.0003, the last sale price for common shares,
(as there is currently no trading volume), for total non-cash expense of 600,000. 
 25 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 
 Audit Fees 
 The following table presents the
aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years by Pinnacle
Accounting Group of Utah (a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC), our Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm,in connection with the audit of our
consolidated financial statements and other professional services rendered by
this accounting firm. 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees paid to 
 
 8,590 

6,000 

Audit fees paid to 

Audit-related fees 

350 

Tax fees 

Total fees 
 
 8,590 

6,350 
 
 Audit fees represent fees for
professional services rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our
annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in
our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal
accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or
engagements. 
 Audit-related fees represent
professional services rendered for assurance and related services by the
accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements that are not reported under audit fees. 
 Tax fees represent professional
services rendered by the accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax
planning. 
 All other fees represent fees
billed for products and services provided by the accounting firm, other than the
services reported for the other three categories. 
 Pre-Approval Policies 
 Our board of directors approves
the engagement of the auditor before the firm renders audit and non-audit
services. Our audit committee does not rely on pre-approval policies and
procedures. 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 
 The following documents have been filed as part of this
report. 

Exhibit 

No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a14(a)/15d-14(a)
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document(1)

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document(1)

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
 Document(1) 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
 Linkbase Document(1) 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document(1) 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label
 Linkbase Document(1) 
 27 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Nika Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Date: April 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dimitar Slavchev Savov 

Dimitar Slavchev Savov 

Chief Executive Officer,Director 

Date: April 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Clifford Redekop 

Clifford Redekop 

Director 
 28 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 nika-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 nika-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 nika-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 nika-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 nika-202212631xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Nika Pharmaceuticals, Inc. : Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by EDGARhub LLC 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 
 I, Dimitar Slavchev Savov, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
 which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
 internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
 by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
 this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
 under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
 such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
 is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
 disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
 of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
 the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
 management or other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dimitar Slavchev Savov 

Dimitar Slavchev Savov 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 nika-202212631xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Nika Pharmaceuticals, Inc. : Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by EDGARhub LLC 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002) 
 In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Nika Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Dimitar Slavchev Savov, as Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company. 

Date: April 10, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Dimitar Slavchev Savov 

Dimitar Slavchev
 Savov 

Chief Executive
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies
each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not,
except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed
by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 
 A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be
retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

