<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1875257_0001213900-23-029517.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4955449</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>579326</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>978264</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1115054</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1125705</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1029666</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029517.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413161211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029517
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001875257
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41269
		FILM NUMBER:		23818489

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TORRE VIRREYES, PEDREGAL NO. 24
		STREET 2:		PISO 6-601, MOLINO DEL REY
		CITY:			MEXICO CITY
		STATE:			O5
		ZIP:			11040
		BUSINESS PHONE:		52 55 1100 2470

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TORRE VIRREYES, PEDREGAL NO. 24
		STREET 2:		PISO 6-601, MOLINO DEL REY
		CITY:			MEXICO CITY
		STATE:			O5
		ZIP:			11040

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029517.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_livcapitalacq2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________ to
______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

001-41269 N/A (State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

Torre Virreyes 

, 

M xico , CDMX, 

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not Applicable 
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 LIVBW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and three-quarters of one redeemable warrant LIVBU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s
second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may
be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed using the closing sale price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 as reported
on the Nasdaq was . 

As of April 12, 2023, Class A ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 

Item 2. Property 
 48 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 48 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 

PART II 
 49 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 
 49 

Item 6. [Reserved ] 
 50 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 51 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 55 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 55 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 55 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 56 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 56 

PART III 
 57 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 57 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 65 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 68 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 70 

PART IV 
 71 

Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 72 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual
Report ), references to: 

we, us, 
 our, company or our company are to LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted
company; 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; 

Covalto are to Covalto Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Class A ordinary
shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B ordinary
shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies Law 
are to the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

directors are to our current directors 

EBC founder shares are to the 160,000 Class A ordinary shares that we issued to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and its designees prior to our initial public offering; 

founders shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and other holders of our founders shares prior to our initial public offering, but excludes EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. in respect of the EBC founder shares; 

letter agreement refers to the letter agreement entered into by and among the Company and its officers and directors and LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor II, L.P., on February 7, 2022; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors purchase public shares, provided their status as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933,
 as amended; 

sponsor are to LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor II, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and the private warrants; and 

, US and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some statements contained in this Annual Report
are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management
team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections,
forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements.
The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may
include, for example, statements about: 

the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Business Combination Agreement
(as defined below); 

the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against us, Covalto, the combined company or others following the announcement
of the Business Combination; 

the inability to complete the Business Combination due to the failure to obtain approval of our shareholders or to satisfy other conditions
to closing, including the satisfaction of the minimum trust account amount following any redemptions; 

changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or
regulations or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the Business Combination; 

the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards at or following the consummation of the Business Combination; 

the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Covalto as a result of the announcement and consummation
of the Business Combination; 

the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, the ability
of the combined company to obtain regulatory approval for their products, generate revenue, maintain relationships with third party contractors
and retain its management and key employees; 

costs related to the Business Combination; 

changes in applicable laws or regulations; 

the possibility that Covalto or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; 

the Covalto business is subject to significant governmental regulation; 

the ability of Covalto to improve, operate and implement its technology, including as it expands into new businesses; and 

other risks and uncertainties set forth in the sections entitled Risk Factors herein and which is set forth in a Registration
Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-269106) filed by Covalto with the SEC in connection with the Business Combination. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There
can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report
as our initial business combination. 

Although we will not be limited to a particular
industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a target company, we intend to focus our search on Mexican target
businesses or target businesses with a significant presence in Mexico. 

On February 10, 2022, we consummated our initial
public offering (the initial public offering of 10,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit (the Units and each
a Unit ), generating gross proceeds of 100.0 million. We granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional
1,500,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments. On February 14, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised
the over-allotment option, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 1,450,000 over-allotment units occurred on February
15, 2022. The issuance of the over-allotment units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of approximately 14.5
million. 

Concurrently with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we also consummated the sale of 5,500,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and, collectively, the Private
Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. (and/or their designees), generating gross proceeds of 5,500,000. 

Approximately 116.8 million of the net proceeds
of the initial public offering were placed in a trust account, located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market
funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invests only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution
of the trust account as described below. 

Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination. There is no assurance that we
will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

We must complete one or more initial business
combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to
enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a business combination if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

If we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within 15 months, such date being May 10, 2023 extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months, such date being
August 10, 2023), from the closing of our initial public offering (such period, the Business Combination Period ), we will
(1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days
thereafter, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (3) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (2) and (3), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants,
which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

On April 10, 2023, the Company amended the Original
Business Combination Agreement, entering into the Second Business Combination Agreement, (the Business Combination Agreement extending the extension date from August 10, 2023 to February 10, 2024. 

1 

Proposed Business Combination 

Business Combination Agreement 

On August 17, 2022, we, entered
into that certain Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with Covalto, and Covalto Merger Sub
Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Covalto Merger Sub ), pursuant to which,
among other things, Covalto will make an election to be classified as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income
tax purposes and effect a Pre-Closing Capital Restructuring (as defined below), and Merger Sub will subsequently be merged with and into
us, with our company being the surviving entity in the Merger (as defined below) and continuing (immediately following the Merger) as
a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Covalto (following and after giving effect to the proposed business combination, New Covalto ),
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein (the Merger , and together with the other transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ). 

As a result of the proposed
business combination, each of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value US 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary
shares, par value US 0.0001 per share, will be automatically surrendered and exchanged for the right to receive one newly-issued Class
A ordinary share, par value US 0.0001 per share, of New Covalto (each a New Covalto Class A Ordinary Share and collectively,
the New Covalto Class A Ordinary Shares ), and each issued and outstanding warrant to purchase our Class A ordinary shares
(a LIVB Warrant will be converted into and become a warrant to purchase New Covalto Class A Ordinary Shares (a New
Covalto Warrant ), and New Covalto shall assume each such LIVB Warrant in accordance with its terms. 

The Business Combination
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were unanimously approved by our board of directors and the board of directors of
Covalto. 

On April 10, 2023, the Company amended the Original
Business Combination Agreement, entering into the Second Business Combination Agreement, (the Business Combination Agreement extending the extension date from May 10, 2023 to February 10, 2024. 

Mandatorily Convertible Notes 

In connection with the signing of the Business
Combination Agreement, Covalto obtained investments from certain investors in a private placement of mandatorily convertible notes, issued
by Covalto to the investors party thereto, and immediately following, and after giving effect to, the consummation of the Merger, such
securities shall convert into New Covalto Class A Ordinary Shares in accordance with their terms. 

In addition, Covalto has obtained commitments
from an anchor investor (the Anchor Investor pursuant to a mandatorily convertible note of the same series (the Mandatorily
Convertible Anchor Note and, together with the existing notes, the Mandatorily Convertible Notes ), for an aggregate
principal amount of 30,000,000 (the Anchor Investment Amount ). 

The Mandatorily Convertible Notes accrue interest
at a rate equal to seven percent (7.0 per annum, compounding annually, subject to the terms therein. The Mandatorily Convertible Notes
shall be payable in cash or, at Covalto s option, in kind by way of addition to the outstanding principal, semi-annually. Interest
shall commence on the respective closing date of any note and shall continue on the outstanding principal of such Mandatorily Convertible
Note until paid or converted in accordance with the provisions thereof. Any payment made by Covalto with regard to any outstanding Mandatorily
Convertible Note will be made simultaneously with regard to each of the other Mandatorily Convertible Notes then outstanding on a pro
rata basis in the same proportion of the outstanding principal balance then due under the applicable Mandatorily Convertible Note to be
so paid bears to the outstanding aggregate principal balance then due under all of the Mandatorily Convertible Notes. 

Each of the Mandatorily Convertible Notes, including
the Anchor Investment and the prior outstanding notes, is subject to conversion at the Closing of the proposed business combination into
ordinary shares of Covalto, at a conversion price equal to eighty percent (80 of the lowest price per share paid by investors in the
proposed business combination or, if earlier: (i) upon another Qualified Financing (as defined therein); (ii) upon a Liquidity Event (as
defined therein); or (iii) on July 7, 2023, in each case subject to the conversion pricing and other terms set forth therein. The Mandatorily
Convertible Notes also contain certain anti-dilution provisions in the event of a down-round financing prior to conversion. 

2 

In addition, the Mandatorily Convertible Notes
contain a provision for additional consideration in the event that the Termination Fee (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement)
becomes payable by Covalto to us, then upon the subsequent Conversion of the Mandatorily Convertible Note in accordance with their terms,
Covalto shall issue an additional 1,025,000 shares, of the most senior class of preference shares then outstanding, or if no preference
shares are then outstanding, into ordinary shares, into which the Mandatorily Convertible Note is converted (the Additional Consideration ),
which Additional Consideration shall be distributed pro rata among the holders of the Mandatorily Convertible Note, in proportion to the
outstanding principal balance of the Mandatorily Convertible Note held by each holder to the outstanding aggregate principal balance then
due under the Mandatorily Convertible Note; provided that no holder shall receive less than its pro rata share of such amount based on
its share of the aggregate principal amount outstanding as of the date hereof, subject to certain additional conditions and restrictions
described in Section 8(b) thereof. 

Company Voting Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, we, Covalto and certain holders of the equity securities of Covalto (each, individually, a Supporting
Holder and, collectively, the Supporting Holders entered into an agreement (the Company Voting Agreement to vote, at a duly called meeting of the shareholders of Covalto, all of such Supporting Holder s equity securities (1) in favor
of the adoption of the Business Combination Agreement, (2) in favor of the approval of the proposed business combination and (3) to take
certain other actions in support of the foregoing. The Company Voting Agreement also prevents the Supporting Holders from transferring
their voting rights with respect to their equity interests or otherwise transferring their equity interests prior to the Closing, except
for certain customary permitted transfers. 

Sponsor Voting Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, sponsor, certain permitted transferees of sponsor, we, and Covalto entered into an agreement (the
 Sponsor Voting Agreement ), pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to vote, at a duly called meeting of our shareholders, all
of such sponsor s equity securities of the company (1) in favor of the adoption of the Business Combination Agreement, (2) in favor
of the approval of the proposed business combination and (3) to take certain other actions in support of the foregoing. The Sponsor Voting
Agreement also prevents the sponsor from transferring their voting rights with respect to their equity interests or otherwise transferring
their equity interests prior to the Closing, except for certain customary permitted transfers. 

The sponsor also agreed,
subject to certain exceptions, to a lock-up for a period ending on the earlier of (a) the date one (1) year after the Closing or (b) the
date that is one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Closing if, prior to such date, the VWAP (as defined therein) has equaled or
exceeded 12.50 for any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period. 

Contribution Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the sponsor, LIV Sponsor II GP, LLC GP ), certain limited partners of the sponsor, us and Covalto
entered into a contribution agreement (the Contribution Agreement ), pursuant to which, certain limited partners of the sponsor
and GP have agreed to contribute promissory notes to Covalto in exchange for certain securities of Covalto, subject to the terms and conditions
therein. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

At the closing of the Business
Combination, Covalto, we, sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., certain other securityholders of Covalto party thereto, will enter into a registration
rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which, among other matters, Covalto agrees to file a shelf
registration statement within forty-five days following the closing of the Business Combination, and certain of our existing shareholders
and Covalto will be granted certain customary demand and piggy-back registration rights with respect to their respective
shares of New Covalto. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (i) we, sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and certain other securityholders
party to that certain registration rights agreement, dated as of February 7, 2022 (the Original SPAC Agreement and (ii)
Covalto, the Covalto Co-Founders (as defined therein) and certain other investors, including investors party to that certain registration
rights agreement, dated as of October 16, 2020 (the Investors Rights Agreement ), acknowledge and agree that the entry
into Registration Rights Agreement shall render the Original SPAC Agreement and the Investors Rights Agreement, respectively, to
be of no further force and effect, and such agreements shall be deemed to be superseded and replaced in their entirety therewith. 

3 

Effecting a Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our
equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection
with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released
to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business
combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination,
to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

In the event that the proposed business combination
is not consummated, we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors
in the public offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial
business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine,
we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore,
some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely affect a target business. 

We may need to obtain additional financing to
complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held
in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business
combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no
prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We expect that our principal means of identifying
potential target businesses will be through the extensive contacts and relationships of our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and
directors. While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence
on potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers and their
access to our sponsor s contacts and resources will generate a number of potential business combination opportunities that will
warrant further investigation. We also anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and
other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of
being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested
in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our final prospectus relating to our initial public offering and
know what types of businesses we are targeting. 

4 

Our officers and directors must present to us
all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes
payable on the income accrued in the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination, subject
to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional
firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis (other than EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. as described
elsewhere in the prospectus relating to our initial public offering), we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in
which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation
based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their respective
affiliates be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to
effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the administrative
services fee of up to 10,000 per month, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial
shareholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, the repayment of a loan in the
aggregate amount of up to 300,000 and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. 

Our audit committee will review and approve all
reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director
abstaining from such review and approval. We have no present intention to enter into a business combination with a target business that
is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. However, we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions
and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business
combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business
Combination 

Subject to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary
obligations and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding
taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business
combination, as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling interest in the target business, our management
will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any specific
attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management
may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial condition and results of operation; 

growth potential; 

brand recognition and potential; 

experience and skill of management and availability of additional
personnel; 

capital requirements; 

competitive position; 

barriers to entry; 

stage of development of the products, processes or services; 

existing distribution and potential for expansion; 

degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products,
processes or services; 

5 

proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual
property or other protection for products or formulas; 

impact of regulation on the business; 

regulatory environment of the industry; 

the target business s compliance with U.S. federal
law; 

costs associated with effecting the business combination; 

industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness
of market industries in which a target business participates; and 

macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the
company competes. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors
as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available
to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we
have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate
a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty.
Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination
is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

Nasdaq listing rules require that the target business
or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust
account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for
our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no
longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

We may structure our initial business combination
where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business
in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such
business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the
target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. 

In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of trust account balance
test. 

6 

The fair market value of the target will be determined
by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential
sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with
any proposed transaction will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as
the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market
value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

We will not be required to obtain an opinion from
an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies
with the 80 threshold. 

We have filed a Registration Statement on Form
8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange
Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing
a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial
business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

We may seek to effect a business combination with
more than one target business, although we expect to complete our business combination with just one business. Therefore, at least initially,
the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business operation. Unlike other entities
which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas
of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent
to a business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single
operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire
several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for
us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks,
including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are
multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of
the acquired companies in a single operating business. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management 

Although we intend to scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment
of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management will have
the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors,
if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that
some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business combination,
it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover, they would
only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the
business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services
they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our
key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company
after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed
with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience
or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

7 

Following a business combination, we may seek
to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the
ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or
experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business
Combination 

In connection with any proposed business combination,
we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders
may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or don t vote
at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide
our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder
vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable),
in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business
combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require
us to seek shareholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder
may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. In that case, we will file tender
offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. Whether we seek shareholder approval or engage in a tender offer, we will consummate
our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation
and, if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

We chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001
to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. However,
if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition
or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination,
we may need to have more than 5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing
which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination
and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders may therefore
have to wait 15 months, such date being May 10, 2023 (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months, such date being August
10, 2023), from the closing of our initial public offering in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. Our sponsor,
initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business
combination, (2) not to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination
and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. On April 10, 2023, the Company amended the Original Business Combination Agreement, entering into the Second
Business Combination Agreement, (the Business Combination Agreement extending the extension date from May 10, 2023 to February
10, 2024. 

None of our officers, directors, sponsor, initial
shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or Class A ordinary shares in our initial public offering
or from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination
and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination or that they
wish to have their shares redeemed, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases
in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of redemptions. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of Class A ordinary shares
if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation
of a company s stock. 

8 

Conversion Rights 

At any meeting called to approve an initial business
combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide
our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Class A ordinary shares to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the
need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Our sponsor, initial shareholders and our officers
and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired
prior to our initial public offering or purchased by them in our initial public offering or in the aftermarket. Additionally, the holders
of the EBC founder shares will not have conversion rights with respect to the EBC founder shares. 

We may require public shareholders, whether they
are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or
(ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
System, at the holder s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal
to approve the business combination. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker 45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be
incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement
of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders
seeking to exercise conversion rights prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination
is not consummated this may result in an increased cost to shareholders. 

Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to
shareholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy
such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time the shareholder received our proxy statement
up until two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver his, her or its
shares if he, she or it wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each
transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the shareholder, whether or not he, she or it is a record holder
or his, her or its shares are held in street name, in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker
and requesting delivery of his, her or its shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor.
However, we cannot assure you of this fact. 

Any request to convert such shares once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if
a holder of Class A ordinary shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides
prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he or she may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically). 

If the initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be entitled to convert
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public
holders. 

9 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business
Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
that we will have only the Business Combination Period to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination within the Business Combination Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the 15-month time period (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to a 18-month period. 

Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
their founders shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period. However, if our
initial shareholders acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 15-month time frame (extendable at
our sponsor s option to up to 18-month time frame. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a
business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we do not then become
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 500,000
of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However,
if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent
that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional
amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without
taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon
our dissolution would be approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims
of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure
you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

10 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be
prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where
we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree
to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame (after giving effect to the Extension Period, as applicable), or upon the
exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims
of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or
products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount
of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights
to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be
unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our
sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including,
without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no
indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors
the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.20 per share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our
sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other
than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,000,000 from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the
private warrants, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation,
currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that
the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims
made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 500,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the
funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease
by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 500,000, the amount of funds
we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. 

11 

If we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in our insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties
with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you
we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders
could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims
will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only
in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
herein, (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to
us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 
of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (3) the redemption
of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period, subject to
applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to
or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s
voting in connection with our initial business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for
an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains a provision which provides that, if we seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their
shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such amendment. 

Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides, among other things, that: 

prior to the completion of our initial business combination,
we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public
shareholders may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed business combination, or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public
shares upon the completion of our initial business combination by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder
vote), in each in cash, for an amount payable in cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable),
divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; 

12 

we will consummate our initial business combination only
if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our initial business combination
and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the
business combination; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within the Business Combination Period, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond the Business Combination Period or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. 

These provisions cannot be amended without the
approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares. 

In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that we may consummate
our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the ordinary shares voted by our shareholders at a duly held shareholders
meeting. 

Additionally, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founders shares will have the
right to vote on the appointment of directors and that holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member of the board of
directors for any reason. 

These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general
meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business
combination, except as required by law, holders of our founders shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single
class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Competition 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has
increased compared to recent years, especially in the last twelve months, and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities
or persons that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses
we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants, our ability to
compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary
shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. 

13 

Conflicts of Interest 

All of our executive officers and certain of our
directors have or may have fiduciary and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested. These entities may compete
with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing it.
However, we do not expect these duties to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for an initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently
have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to
us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in
the trust account to below (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the
date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to
the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such
obligations. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
Torre Virreyes, Pedregal No. 24, floor 6-601, Col. Molino del Rey, M xico, CDMX, 11040. The cost for the space is included
in the up to 10,000 monthly fee that we pay our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have three executive officers and
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management
team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem
necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote
in any time period may vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current
stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We are required to file Annual Reports on Form
10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes
in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and
bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov.
In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at Torre Virreyes Pedregal
No. 24, Piso 6-601 Col. Molino del Rey, M xico, CDMX 11040 or by telephone at + 52 55 1100 2470. 

14 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before
making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results
may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part
of your investment. 

Risks Relating to the Business Combination 

We may not be able to effect the Business
Combination pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. If we are unable to do so, we will incur substantial costs associated with
withdrawing from the transaction, and may not be able to find additional sources of financing to cover those costs. 

In connection with the Business Combination Agreement,
we have incurred substantial costs researching, planning and negotiating the transaction. These costs include, but are not limited to,
costs associated with securing sources of equity and debt financing, costs associated with employing and retaining third party advisors
who performed the financial, auditing and legal services required to complete the transaction, and the expenses generated by our officers,
executives, managers and employees in connection with the transaction. If, for whatever reason, the transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement fail to close, we will be responsible for these costs, but will have no source of revenue with which to pay them.
We may need to obtain additional sources of financing in order to meet our obligations, which we may not be able to secure on the same
terms as our existing financing or at all. If we are unable to secure new sources of financing and do not have sufficient funds to meet
our obligations, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

If the proposed business combination with
Covalto fails, it may be difficult to research a new prospective target business, negotiate and agree to a new business combination, and/or
arrange for new sources of financing by May 10, 2023 (extendable at our sponsor s option until August 18, 2023), in which case we
would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

Finding, researching, analyzing and negotiating
with Covalto took a substantial amount of time, and if the proposed business combination with Covalto fails, we may not be able to find
a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period. Our ability to complete
our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and
the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We have no operating history and no revenues,
and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We were incorporated on February 11, 2021 under
the laws of the Cayman Islands and have no operating results, and all of our activities to date have been related to our formation, our
initial public offering, and our search for a business combination target. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon
which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target
businesses. We have no arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be
unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any
operating revenues. 

15 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital are discussed
in the section of this Annual Report titled Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful.
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. 

In recent years and especially in the last
twelve months, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many companies
preparing for an initial public offering. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business
combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose
acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive
deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases
in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could
increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and
may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We will either (1) seek shareholder approval of
our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may elect to redeem their public shares
without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, or (2) provide
our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business
combination by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote), in each in cash, for an amount payable in
cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial
business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial business combination
even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. The decision as to whether
we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow
us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking
to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were
structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder approval
of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer. 

16 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Additionally, since our board of
directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity
to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor and members of our team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary
resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general
meeting of the company. Currently, shareholders that have agreed to vote ordinary shares owned by them in favor of the business combination
proposal with Covalto own approximately 7.44 of our issued and outstanding shares, in the aggregate, including the founder shares. Accordingly,
we would need only an additional 5,338,292, or approximately 45.98 . As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder
shares and EBC founder shares, we would need 5,338,292 or 45.98 , of our 11,610,000 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. If only the minimum number of shares are voted to establish a
quorum, we would need only 1,157,153, or 9.97 , of our 11,610,000 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination
in order to have such combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement
by our sponsor and our team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the
requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

The ability of our public shareholders to
redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it
difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that
we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. 

Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted
redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination
or less than such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption
of our public shares and the related business combination, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. Prospective
targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public shareholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need
to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial
business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us
to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements,
or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. 

Raising additional third-party financing
may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may
limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

17 

The ability of our public shareholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial business combination
is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in
need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a
discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment
or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the
open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame (after giving effect to the Extension Period, as applicable) may give potential
target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence
on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to
complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within the Business
Combination Period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that
if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the 15-month period (or Extension
Period, as applicable). In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

Our sponsor has the right to extend the
term we have to consummate our initial business combination to up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering without
providing our shareholders with a corresponding vote or redemption right. 

We will initially have until 15 months from
the closing of our initial public offering to consummate our initial business combination, such date being May 10, 2023. However, if we
anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we may, by resolution of our
board of directors at the option of our sponsor, extend the period of time we will have to consummate an initial business combination
by an additional three months, for a total of up to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, such date being August
10, 2023, subject to our sponsor contributing 0.10 to the trust account for each unit sold in our initial public offering in the form
of a non-interest bearing loan which would be repaid upon consummation of an initial business combination. Our shareholders will
not be entitled to vote on, or redeem their shares in connection with, such extension being effectuated. Pursuant to the terms of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, in order to extend the period of time to consummate an initial business combination
in such a manner, our sponsor must deposit 1,145,000, into the trust account on or prior to the date of the deadline for the Extension
Period. Our sponsor is not obligated to make such deposits and may have a conflict of interest in determining if and when to make such
deposit by exercising its option to extend the period of time we will have to consummate an initial business combination. This feature
is different than many other special purpose acquisition companies, in which any extension of the company s period to consummate
an initial business combination would require a vote of the company s shareholders and in connection with such vote shareholders
would have the right to redeem their public shares. 

18 

Our search for a business combination, and
any prospective partner business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the
coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected,
and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely
affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any
potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely
affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel,
limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or limit the ability to conduct due diligence, or the target company s
personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to
which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat
its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant
outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or
the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility
and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak
of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such
as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

We may be adversely affected by economic
uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine. 

In late February 2022, Russian military forces
invaded Ukraine. Russia s invasion, the responses of countries and political bodies to Russia s actions, and the potential
for wider conflict may increase financial market volatility and could have adverse effects on regional and global economic markets, including
the markets for certain securities and commodities. Following Russia s actions, various countries, including the United States,
Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France, as well as the European Union, issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia.
The sanctions consist of the prohibition of trading in certain Russian securities and engaging in certain private transactions, the prohibition
of doing business with certain Russian corporate entities, large financial institutions, officials and persons, and the freezing of Russian
assets. The sanctions include a possible commitment by certain countries and the European Union to remove selected Russian banks from
the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications, commonly called SWIFT, the electronic network that connects
banks globally, and imposed restrictive measures to prevent the Russian Central Bank from undermining the impact of the sanctions. A number
of large corporations and U.S. states have also announced plans to curtail business dealings with certain Russian businesses. 

The imposition of the current sanctions (and potential
imposition of further sanctions in response to continued Russian military activity) and other actions undertaken by countries and businesses
may adversely impact various sectors of the Russian economy, and the military action has severe impacts on the Ukrainian economy, including
its exports and food production. The duration of ongoing hostilities and corresponding sanctions and related events cannot be predicted
and may result in a negative impact on the markets and thereby may negatively impact our ability to consummate a Business Combination. 

19 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame (after giving effect to the Extension Period, as applicable), in which case we would
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public
shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
that we must complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period. We may not be able to find a suitable target
business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination
may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. 

If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination within such 15-month period (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months), we will: (1) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share, or less than 10.20 per share, on the redemption of their shares,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from
public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants
or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
initial business combination, although they are under no obligation or duty to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement
that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees
not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase
shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted
a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The price per share paid in any such transaction
may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our
initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination
and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business
combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could
be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval
in connection with our initial business combination. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not
otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

20 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or
proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware
of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be
complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures,
its shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced
to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders are entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only
in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
herein, (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (3) the redemption of our public shares if
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period, subject to applicable law and as further
described herein. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of
warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your
investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from its
exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our units Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are listed on Nasdaq. Although, we expect to meet on a pro forma basis Nasdaq s minimum initial listing standards, which generally
only require that we meet certain requirements relating to shareholders equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of
publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in
the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business
combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Additionally, in connection with our initial business
combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements
as well as certain qualitative requirements, as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be
quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity with respect to such securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny
stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting
in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company;
and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain
additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units,
Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and,
if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would
be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

21 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares
sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would
not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination
and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a
result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell
your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and the
significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share,
or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net
proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of
certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources
available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

22 

If the funds not being held in the trust
account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the Business Combination Period, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private warrants, as of December 31, 2022, 125.26 were available to us outside the trust account to fund our working
capital requirements. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least
the Business Combination Period, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time (after giving effect
to the Extension Period, as applicable). We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. If we are required
to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be
forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to loan funds
to, or invest in, us in such circumstances. Any such loans may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds
released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because
we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In such case,
our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you
to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on
a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present
with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be
forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items
and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which
we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt
financing. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder following our initial
business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to
have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.20 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may
not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than
our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against
the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as
well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our
assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

23 

Making such a request of potential target businesses
may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver,
it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where
we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree
to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe (after giving effect to the Extension Period, as applicable), or upon the
exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims
of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption
amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such
creditors. 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to
us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in
the trust account to below (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the
date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to
the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. 

Accordingly, our sponsor may not have sufficient
funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are
currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the
funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event,
we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with
any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may
be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations
related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our
sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
may choose not to do so in any particular instance. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors
to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If
our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

24 

The securities in which we invest the funds
held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the
per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

The proceeds held in the trust account are invested
only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S.
government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent
years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal
Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we
do not to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus
any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption
amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our
board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board
of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our
shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted
in bad faith by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself
and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in
the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders
and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may
be included in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To
the extent any liquidation claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders
in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities; 

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial
business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with
other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

25 

In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in
a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning,
holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities
and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate
the post-transaction business or assets for the long-term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit
from their resale. 

We also do not plan to buy unrelated businesses
or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our principal activities
will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United
States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted
to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business
plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long-term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of
a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary
business objective, which is a business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a
shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window; and (iii) absent a business combination, our return
of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest
the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to
the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have
not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share
on the redemption of their shares. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their
interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business,
investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination,
and results of operations. 

Changes in the market for directors and
officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and
officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally
increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue.
The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage
as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

26 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business
combination entity will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ).
The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with
or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination within the Business Combination Period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such Business Combination
Period before redemption from our trust account. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination within the Business Combination Period, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our
public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described
herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the trust account and
distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation
and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Law. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond
the Business Combination Period, before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they receive the return
of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date
of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem
their Class A ordinary shares. 

Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will
public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date
on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result,
a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company
to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to
be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would
be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of up to 18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting
until after the completion of our initial business combination. Our public shareholders will not have the right to appoint directors prior
to the consummation of our Business Combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors.
Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management.
As holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders also will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors
prior to completion of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. 

27 

The grant of registration rights to our
initial shareholders and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the
future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The holders of the founders shares, private warrants
and any warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the
private warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founders shares) are entitled
to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement requiring us to register such securities for resale. We will bear the
cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the
public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration
rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target
business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the Class A ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders
or their permitted transferees, our private warrants or warrants issued in connection with working capital loans are registered for resale. 

Because we are not limited to a particular
industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the
merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may consummate a business combination with
a company in any industry we choose and are not limited to any particular industry or type of business. Accordingly, there is no current
basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business
which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in
its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations of those entities.
If we complete a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently
unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry
or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment,
if an opportunity were available, in a target business. 

Past performance by our management team
and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Information regarding performance by our management
team and their affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team and their affiliates is
not a guarantee either (1) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (2) of success
with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team and their
affiliates as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate
going forward. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not
meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does
meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does
not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it
difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement,
or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

28 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with
an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in
a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition
and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not
have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our
desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements,
to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as
successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our
team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular prospective partner business and its operations, we may not be able
to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to
achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains
that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control
or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a prospective partner business. Such combination may not
be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination
with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or from another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If
no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value
based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents
or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

29 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary
shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founders shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. Any such issuances would substantially dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorize the issuance of ordinary shares, including 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share,
and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, as well as 5,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.0001. As of December
31, 2022 there are 488,390,000 and 49,066,583 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively,
available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable
upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, and 5,000,000 authorized but unissued preferred shares available for issuance. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares, and may issue preferred shares, in order to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that prior
to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from
the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination
beyond the Business Combination Period or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred
shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are
issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued,
which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation
or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or
warrants. 

Unlike certain other blank check companies,
our initial shareholder will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The founders shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities convertible
or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our initial public offering
and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which founders shares will convert into Class A ordinary
shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares then in issue) so that the number of
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering plus the number of Class
A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination (net of
redemptions), excluding the EBC founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in our initial business combination and any private warrants issued to our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or any of
our officers or directors. This is different than certain other blank check companies in which the initial shareholder will only be issued
an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to our initial business combination. 

30 

We may be a passive foreign investment company,
or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion
thereof) that is included in the holding period of a beneficial owner of units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants who or that is for
United States federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity
treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized)
in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject
to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source or (iv) a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise
primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions
of the trust, or (B) it has in effect a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person (a U.S. Holder ), such U.S. Holder
may be subject to certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC
status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the
particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that
we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current
taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable until after
the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year (of which there can be no assurance), we will endeavor
to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service may require, including a PFIC annual information statement,
in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance
that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases.
We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business
combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Law, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target
company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder to recognize taxable income in the
jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do
not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other
taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Resources could be wasted in researching
acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a
specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain
circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in
acquisition targets that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination in sectors
which may be outside of our management s areas of expertise if such business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine
that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside
of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or
operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant
to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain
a shareholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

31 

We are dependent upon our officers and directors
and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until
we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount
of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including
identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, certain of our officers and directors
have time and attention requirements for investment funds of which affiliates of our sponsor are the investment managers. We do not have
an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services
of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory
positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. 

While we closely scrutinize any individuals we
engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to
expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In addition, the officers and directors of an
acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for
them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the
company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence
their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. However,
we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the
determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty,
however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure
you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any
of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

32 

We may have limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, we may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. 

Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s
management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should
the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations
and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, shareholders or warrant holders who choose
to remain shareholders or warrant holders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could
negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our
initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors are not required to,
and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have more than one full-time employee prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he
may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to
our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and directors 
other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels,
it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business
combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors are
now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be
conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. 

We are engaged in the business of identifying
and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities
that are engaged in a similar business, and they are not prohibited from sponsoring, or otherwise becoming involved with, other blank
check companies prior to us completing our initial business combination. Moreover, certain of our officers and directors have time and
attention requirements for investment funds of which affiliates of our sponsor are the investment managers. Our officers and directors
also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe
certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented
to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

33 

Our officers, directors, security holders
and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor
do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types
conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

In particular, affiliates of our sponsor have
invested in industries as diverse as financial services, medical technologies, entertainment and IT services. As a result, there may be
substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive
target for such other affiliates. 

We may engage in a business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors
which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers
and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers and directors.
Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business
combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete
our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning
a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction
with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business
combination. 

Since our initial shareholders will lose
their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they
may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our
initial business combination. 

As of December 31, 2022, after giving effect to
the Rollover Redemption (as defined below) our sponsor owned an aggregate of 933,417 founders shares, which will be worthless if we do
not complete an initial business combination. In addition, after giving effect to the Rollover Redemption, our sponsor owns 1,706,667
private warrants, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Each private warrant may be exercised for
one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. 

The founders shares are identical to the ordinary
shares included in the units being sold in our initial public offering except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of the founders shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founders shares
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founders shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions; (3)
our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (x) their redemption
rights with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination (and not seek to sell its shares to us in any tender offer we undertake in connection with our initial business combination);
(y) their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders 
ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Business
Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity; and (z) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founders shares they hold if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame (after giving effect to the Extension Period, as applicable)); (4) the founders shares will automatically
convert into our Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis
subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights and (5) the founders shares are entitled to registration rights. Our
directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

34 

The personal and financial interests of our sponsor,
officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial
business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more
acute as the 15-month deadline (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months), following the closing of our initial
public offering nears, which is the deadline for the completion of our initial business combination. 

We may issue our shares to investors in
connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share or
which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time, which is generally approximately 10.20. The purpose
of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the
shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. 

Our initial shareholders stand to make a
substantial profit on the founder shares even if an initial business combination subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for
our public shareholders, and may have an incentive to recommend such an initial business combination to our shareholders. 

Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate of
 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per founder share. As a result of the low acquisition cost of our founder shares, our initial shareholders
could make a substantial profit even if we select and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently
declines in value or is unprofitable for our public shareholders. Thus, they may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into
an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established
record of revenues or earnings, than would be the case if such parties had paid the full offering price for their founder shares. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our initial public
offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur
any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies
held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust
account. 

Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have
a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business
combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and
interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without
a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable
on demand; 

35 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which
will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions
and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and
in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive
conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors
who have less debt. 

We may be able to complete only one business
combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations
and profitability. 

We may effectuate our initial business combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able
to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses,
unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas
of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products,
processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

36 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek
to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of
limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We expect to need to comply with the rules
of Nasdaq that require our initial business combination to occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value
equal to at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. 

The rules of Nasdaq require that our initial business
combination occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the
initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete a business combination
with. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, our public shareholders may
receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants
will expire worthless. If we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would not be required to satisfy the foregoing 80 
fair market value test and could complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below
80 of the balance in the trust account. 

EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. may have a conflict
of interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial business combination. 

We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. to assist
us in connection with our initial business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. a cash fee for such services upon the consummation
of our initial business combination in an aggregate amount equal to 3.5 of the total gross proceeds raised in our initial public offering.
The EBC founder shares will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. These financial interests may result
in EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. having a conflict of interest when providing the services to us in connection with an initial business combination. 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target
business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business, but we will complete such business combination only if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business
sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider
any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination transaction. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued
and outstanding capital stock or shares of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. 

However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued
and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine
their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired.
Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

37 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial
majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (such
that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial
business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed
their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares
to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant
to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business
combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we
instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments,
in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example,
blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate
an initial business combination. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special
resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman
Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s
articles of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the
resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous
written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
(i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors
prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting),
or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order
to effectuate our initial business combination. 

38 

The provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of
the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds
of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check
companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust
agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision
in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination
activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions
typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that any of its provisions, including those related to pre-business combination activity (including
the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not
release such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary
shares who attend and vote in a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from
our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares (other than amendments relating to the appointment
or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting
in a general meeting). Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our
initial public offering (excluding the EBC founder shares), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be
able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination
behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination
with which you do not agree. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibits any amendment of its provisions
(A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination
as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares. Furthermore, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose
such an amendment unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. In certain circumstances,
our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants. 

Our warrants are issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but
requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner
adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our
ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited,
examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise
period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Certain agreements related to our initial
public offering may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Each of the agreements related to our initial
public offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended
without shareholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. For
example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founders shares,
private warrants and other securities held by our initial shareholders, officers and directors. 

39 

Amendments to such agreements would require the
consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons,
including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any
of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business
judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any material amendment
entered into in connection with the completion of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material
agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders, may result
in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the
value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial
shareholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of
our securities. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination,
we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of
the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders
who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in
connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business
combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if
we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations
or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

Our initial shareholders will control the
appointment of our board of directors until completion of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us.
As a result, they will appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on
actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders own 20 of our issued
and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the EBC founder shares). In addition, prior to our initial business combination, only the founders
shares, all of which are held by our initial shareholders, will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, and holders of
a majority of our founders shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge,
any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual
Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

In addition, as a result of their substantial
ownership in our company, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval
of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated
transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will exert significant influence
over actions requiring a shareholder vote at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

40 

A provision of our warrant agreement may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares
or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a
Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more
than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date
of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target
business. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding public
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last
reported sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing once
the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date
we give notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption
of the outstanding warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be
disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants;
or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor
or its permitted transferees. 

Our warrants and founders shares may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase up to 8,587,500
Class A ordinary shares, at a price of 11.50 per warrant, as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 5,500,000 private warrants, each exercisable
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in our final prospectus relating
to our initial public offering. Our initial shareholders currently hold 933,417 founders shares. In addition, if our sponsor, an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted
into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private warrants.
To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of
additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle
to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value
of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants and founders shares may make it more
difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The private warrants are identical to the warrants
sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees:
(1) they will not be redeemable by us; (2) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless
basis; and (4) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 

Because each unit contains three-quarters
of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each unit contains three-quarters of one
warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole warrants
will be eligible to trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one
whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect
of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for three-quarters of
the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive
merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant
to purchase one whole share. 

41 

A market for our securities may not develop,
which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The price of our securities may vary significantly
due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for
our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market
can be established and sustained. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer
documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in
accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international
financing reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the
historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire
because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame (after giving effect to the Extension
Period, as applicable). 

We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to
investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not
limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our
ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case
we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our
securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result
of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides
that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means
that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

42 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the
end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make
comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management
resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending
December 31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify
as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with
which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We have identified a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of such material weaknesses is not effective, or if we identify additional
material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to develop and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability
to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. 

In preparing our financial statements as of June 28,
2021, for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through June 28, 2021, and reviewing our interim financial statements
as of September 30, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the SEC
guidelines for public companies. The material weakness identified relates to ineffective review controls over the financial statement
preparation process including the valuation of complex financial instruments. This was identified through errors that were identified
and corrected during our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm review of the draft financial statements prior to filing. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material
weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

If we identify any new material weaknesses in
the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or
disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable
to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange
listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot
assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future
material weaknesses. 

43 

We may face litigation and other risks as
a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

As a result of the material weakness identified
in our internal control over financial reporting and certain other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face
potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual
claims or other claims arising from the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our
financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide
no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete an initial
business combination. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws
of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S.
Federal courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under
the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon
our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders
to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under
Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived
in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose
courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary
responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent
in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the
United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law.
In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United
States. 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal
counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (2) in original actions
brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances,
although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman
Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits
based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for
which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment
must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman
Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement
of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be
held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought
elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders
may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

44 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best
interests. These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and
issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise
could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

After our initial business combination,
it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all or substantially all of our assets
will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal
rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business
combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially all of our assets
will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United
States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United
States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

If we effect a business combination with
a company located in Mexico or outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively
impact our operations. 

If we effect a business combination with a company
located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will likely govern almost all of the material
agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements
or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction
may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under
any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

If our management following our initial
business combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws,
which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, any
or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the management of the target business at the
time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws.
If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws.
This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After our initial business combination,
substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations
in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political,
social and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future
such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

We will be subject to changing laws and
regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of
non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations of various
governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose
securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing
laws and regulations are likely to continue to result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time
and attention from our search for a business combination target to compliance activities. 

45 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and
standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available.
This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions
to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may
be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any
other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum
provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant
agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented
to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action
brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process
made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action
as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit
a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may
discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our team and board of directors. 

46 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside
the United States 

If we effect a business combination with
a company located in Mexico or outside the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact
our operations. 

If we are successful in consummating a business
combination with a target business in Mexico, or if we effect a business combination with a company located in another foreign country,
we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business home jurisdiction,
including any of the following: 

rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding
taxes on individuals; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws
as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks
and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States,
which could result in uncertainty and/or changes in or to existing trade treaties. 

In particular, if we acquire a target business
in Mexico, we would be subject to the risk of changes in economic conditions, social conditions and political conditions inherent in Mexico,
including changes in laws and policies that govern foreign investment, as well as changes in United States laws and regulations relating
to foreign trade and investment, including the North American Free Trade Agreement. 

We cannot assure you that we would be able to
adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer. 

Because of the costs and difficulties inherent
in managing cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

Managing a business, operations, personnel or
assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced
in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices.
Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations,
personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and
operational performance. 

47 

We may re-incorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction will likely govern all of our material agreements
and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to Mexico or another jurisdiction. If we determine to do
this, the laws of such jurisdiction would likely govern all of our material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing
laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States or the Cayman Islands. The
inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities
or capital. Any such reincorporation may subject us to foreign regulations that could materially and adversely affect our business. 

There may be tax consequences to our business
combinations that may adversely affect us. 

While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition
so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination might not meet the statutory requirements
of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets.
A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency
policies may cause a prospective partner business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. prospective
partner, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions,
if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our prospective partner
regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value
of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any prospective partner business or, following consummation
of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value
against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a prospective partner business as measured
in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Property 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
Torre Virreyes, Pedregal No. 24, floor 6-601, Col. Molino del Rey, M xico, CDMX, 11040. The cost for the space is included in the
up to 10,000 monthly fee that we will pay our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their
capacity as such. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

48 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols LIVBU, LIVB and LIVBW, respectively. Our units
commenced public trading on February 10, 2022. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on March 9, 2022. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On April 5, 2023, there was one holder of
record of our units, two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of our Class B ordinary shares and three
holders of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street
name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and
other financial institutions. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with
a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

Other than as previously disclosed on our Current
Reports on Form 8-K or Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our only issuances of unregistered equity securities during the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

On January 31, 2022, we issued to EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. and its designees a total of 60,000 Class A ordinary shares at a purchase price of 0.0001 per share, resulting in an aggregate total
of 160,000 Class A ordinary shares being held by EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and its designees a total of 60,000 Class A ordinary shares as
of December 31, 2022. Such issuance and sale was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to any of the foregoing sales. 

49 

The holders of the EBC founder shares have agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders of the EBC founder
shares have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection
with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

In addition, the EBC founder shares have been
deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness
of the registration statement of which the Company s prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of the FINRA Manual. Pursuant
to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be sold during the offering, or sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated,
or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the
securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which the
Company s prospectus forms a part or commencement of sales of the public offering, except to the underwriters and selected dealer
participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners, provided that all securities so transferred remain subject to
the lockup restriction above for the remainder of the time period. 

Use of Proceeds 

On February 10, 2022, we consummated our initial
public offering of 10,000,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 100,000,000. Substantially
concurrently with the closing of the initial public offering, the Company completed the sale of 5,500,000 Private Placement Warrants at
a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 5,500,000. 

A total of 102,000,000, comprised of 96,500,000
of the net proceeds from the initial public offering (after giving effect to offering expenses and certain amounts not held in trust)
and 5,500,000 of the net proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in our trust account. Subsequently, on February
15, 2022, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 1,450,000 Units following a partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment
option, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 14,500,000. Following the closing of the over-allotment option, an aggregate
amount of 116,790,000 was placed in our trust account. 

There has been no material change in the planned
use of proceeds from such use as described in the Company s final prospectus (File No. 333-261950), dated February 9, 2022, which
was declared effective by the SEC on February 7, 2022. 

(g) 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved ] 

Not applicable. 

50 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this annual report including, without limitation, statements under this Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used in this annual report, words such may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our
management, identify forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited
to, those described in our other SEC filings. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions
made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement
will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary
statements made in this annual report should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this
annual report. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as
a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable
to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report
as our initial business combination. Although we will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification
and acquisition of a target company, we intend to focus our search on Mexican target businesses or target businesses with a significant
presence in Mexico. 

We must complete one or more initial business combination having an
aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into the initial Business
Combination. However, we will only complete a business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the
outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within
the Business Combination Period, we will (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses
and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any) and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and
our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (2) and (3), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

On August 17, 2022, we, entered
into a Business Combination Agreement with Covalto and Covalto Merger Sub, pursuant to which, among other things, Covalto will make an
election to be classified as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and effect a Pre-Closing Capital
Restructuring, and Merger Sub will subsequently be merged with and into us, with our company being the surviving entity in the Merger
and continuing (immediately following the Merger) as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of New Covalto, on the terms and subject to the
conditions of Business Combination. 

As a result of the proposed
business combination, each of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary share, par value US 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary share,
par value US 0.0001 per share, will be automatically surrendered and exchanged for the right to receive one New Covalto Class A Ordinary
Share and one New Covalto Class A Ordinary Shares, and each issued and outstanding LIVB Warrant will be converted into and become a warrant
to purchase a New Covalto Warrant, and New Covalto shall assume each such LIVB Warrant in accordance with its terms. 

On April 10, 2023, the Company amended the Original
Business Combination Agreement, entering into the Second Business Combination Agreement, (the Business Combination Agreement extending the extension date from May 10, 2023 to February 10, 2024. 

51 

The transaction has been unanimously approved
by our board of directors and the board of directors of Covalto, and is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to, among
other things, SEC review, approval by our shareholders, regulatory approvals, and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. 

On August 16, 2022, the Company
entered into that certain redemption agreement (the Redemption Agreement with (i) the sponsor and (ii) certain limited
partners of the sponsor and the LIV Sponsor II GP, LLC (each, a Rollover Party and collectively, the Rollover Parties ).
In connection with the Redemption Agreement, the Rollover Parties, the sponsor and LIVB implemented the following transactions in the
order in which they are listed (collectively, the Rollover Redemption ): 

i. The sponsor mandatorily withdrew each Rollover Party s Class S Units and Class W Units
in exchange for an aggregate of 1,929,083 LIVB Class B ordinary shares and 3,293,333 Private Placement Warrants, respectively; and 

ii. LIVB repurchased each Rollover Party s Class B ordinary shares and redeemed each Rollover
Party s Private Placement Warrants in exchange for a promissory note (each such note, a Promissory Note in an aggregate
amount of 3,158,835, which is equal to the amount of equity contributed by each Rollover Party indirectly or directly to LIVB. 

As a result of the Redemption
Agreement, the Company purchased 1,929,083 Class B ordinary shares and redeemed 3,293,333 Private Placement Warrants in exchange for the
Promissory Notes. The Company evaluated the Promissory Notes and Redemption Agreement pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815. The Company determined
that the Company should record the Promissory Notes at face value. The fair value of the Class B ordinary shares purchased was 1.85 per
share and the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants redeemed was 0.10 per warrant, for a total fair value of 3,898,137. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, and identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect
to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form
of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a business
combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net loss of 1,662,229, which consists of operating and formation costs of 3,383,603, offset by change in fair value of over-allotment
option of 1,862 and interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,719,512. 

For the period from February 11, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 11,080, which consists of operating and formation costs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On February 10, 2022, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 10,000,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we consummated the sale of 5,500,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private
placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,500,000. 

On February 15, 2022, the underwriters partially
exercised their over-allotment option, resulting in an additional 1,450,000 Public Shares issued for an aggregate amount of 14,500,000.
A total of 14,790,000 was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to 116,790,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the partial
exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 116,790,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We
incurred 3,888,278 of transaction costs in Initial Public Offering and partial exercise of the over-allotment option, consisting of 2,290,000
of underwriting fees, and 1,598,278 of other offering costs. 

52 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used
in operating activities was 577,879. Net loss of 1,662,229 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account of 1,719,512 and change in fair value of over-allotment option of 1,862. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided
 2,805,724 of cash for operating activities. 

For the period from February 11, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 0. Net loss of 11,080 was affected by formation cost paid by Sponsor
in exchange for issuance of founder shares of 7,393. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 3,687 of cash for operating
activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 118,509,513 (including approximately 1,719,513 of interest income and unrealized gains) consisting of U.S.
Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to
use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account
(less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in
part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 1,264.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and
complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards
Codification Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management has determined that
the liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern through approximately one year from the date these financial statements were issued. No adjustments have been
made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 10, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

53 

Commitments and Contractual Obligations 

The Company entered into an agreement on February
7, 2022, pursuant to which will pay the Sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion
of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company incurred 110,000 for these services, of which 110,000 is recorded as accrued expenses in the balance sheets as of December
31, 2022. For the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company did not incur any fees for these services. 

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day
option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at
the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 15, 2022, the underwriters elected to partially
exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,450,000 Public Shares at a price of 10.00 per Public Share. 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 2,290,000 in the aggregate which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and partial
exercise of the over-allotment options. 

The Company engaged EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EBC as an advisor in connection with the Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with the Company s shareholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors
that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities in connection with the initial Business Combination, assist the Company
in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with press releases and public filings in connection
with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EBC a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination
in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which
might become payable); provided that up to 25 of the fee may be allocated at the Company s sole discretion to other FINRA members
that assist the Company in identifying and consummating an initial Business Combination. 

The Company entered into a finder s fee
agreement with a consultant to assist the Company in facilitating a Business Combination with one or more targets, subject to certain
conditions. The finder will only be compensated in the event that the Business Combination is consummated with a target sourced by the
finder. The Company shall pay the finder a fee of 300,000, plus applicable tax. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company
shall pay a financing fee to the finder cash fee equal to 2 of all PIPE funds received and accepted by the Company from investors sourced
by the finder, subject to certain conditions. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our ordinary shares subject to
possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders (deficit) equity. Our ordinary shares feature
certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
(deficit) equity section of our balance sheets. 

54 

Net Loss per Ordinary Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements
of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income loss by
the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Subsequent measurement of the redeemable shares of Class A
ordinary shares is excluded from income loss per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

The calculation of diluted income loss per ordinary
share does not consider the effect of the warrants underlying the units issued in connection with the (i) Initial Public Offering, and
(ii) the private placement, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The outstanding warrants
are exercisable to purchase 10,794,167 Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any dilutive
securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of
the Company, except for the 362,500 founder shares in December 31, 2022 which are no longer forfeitable and thus included for dilutive
purposes. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Following the consummation of our Initial Public
Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in U.S. government
treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries.
Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of
this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and
accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to ineffective review controls over the financial
statement preparation process including the valuation of complex financial instruments. 

55 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria as noted above and in the attached exhibit, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, except for the accounting for complex transactions, which remediation efforts are in place. 

Management has implemented remediation steps to
improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities
and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification
of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with
the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS
Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management has identified a material weakness in internal controls
stated above. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to continue to enhance
our system of evaluating and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced
analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding the valuation of complex financial instruments
and accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that
these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None 

56 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Alexander R. Rossi 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Humberto Zesati 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Miguel ngel D vila 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Carlos Alberto Rohm 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 Jose Antonio Solano Arroyo 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Javier Maurilio N jera Mu oz 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Jos Alverde Losada 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Jorge Esteve Recolons 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Alexander R. Rossi has been
the Chairman of our board and has served as our Chief Executive Officer since its inception. Mr. Rossi previously served as the Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors of LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. I from October 2019 to August 2021, and continues
to serve as a member of AgileThought s board of directors. Since 2006, Mr. Rossi has served as Managing Partner of LIV Capital
Group, a leading private investment firm in Mexico. From 1996 to 2006, Mr. Rossi served as Managing Director of Communications Equity
Associates, LLC CEA ), a merchant and investment bank specializing in the media, communications and technology sectors.
Prior to joining CEA, Mr. Rossi held position at Bancomer Securities International, a Mexican Investment Bank, Smith Barney International
and PaineWebber Incorporated. Mr. Rossi currently serves on the board of directors of several Mexican companies. Mr. Rossi has
an MBA from New York University s Stern School of Business (1995) and a BA in Economics and Art History from Williams College
(1990). 

Humberto Zesati has been a
member of our board since July 2021. Mr. Zesati previously served as a member of the board of directors of LIV Capital Acquisition
Corp. I from October 2019 to August 2021. Since 2006, Mr. Zesati has served as Managing Partner of LIV Capital Group. From 1999 to
2006, Mr. Zesati served as Managing Director of Latin Idea.com, LLC, the predecessor of LIV Capital. Prior to founding Latin Idea.com,
LLC, Mr. Zesati was Managing Director of Grupo Infinitti, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican real estate company focused on tourism. Mr. Zesati
currently serves on the board of directors of several Mexican companies. Mr. Zesati has an MBA from New York University s Stern
School of Business (1996) and a BA in Economics from Universidad Iberoamericana (1992). 

Miguel ngel D vila has
been a member of our board since July 2021. Mr. D vila previously served as a member of the board of directors of LIV Capital
Acquisition Corp. I from October 2019 to August 2021. Since 2009, Mr. D vila has served as Managing Partner of LIV Capital
Group. Mr. D vila founded Cinemex, the largest capitalized venture start-up in Mexican history and a leading Mexican
chain of cinemas, in 1993 and served as its Chief Executive Officer until 2008. Prior to founding Cinemex, Mr. D vila was
a Business Analyst of McKinsey Company, an American worldwide management consulting firm. Mr. D vila currently
serves on the board of directors of several Mexican companies and Endeavor M xico, a not-for-profit organization leading the
high-impact entrepreneurship movement around Mexico and the world. Mr. D vila has an MBA from Harvard Business School (1993) and
a CPA from Instituto Tecnol gico Aut nomo de M xico (1989). 

57 

Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero has
served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2021. Mr. Gamero previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of LIV Capital
Acquisition Corp. I from October 2019 to August 2021. Since 2016, Mr. Gamero has served as Chief Financial Officer of LIV Capital
Group. From 2014 to 2016, Mr. Gamero served as Chief Financial Officer of Grupo Diagn stico Proa, a leading medical diagnosis
and clinical analysis laboratories company in Mexico. Mr. Gamero has been working in finance for 26 years and has acted as Chief
Financial Officer in several industries, such as entertainment, retail, gaming, medical diagnosis and clinical analysis laboratories and
private equity firms. He has also served on the board of directors and executive committees of several companies including Administradora
Mexicana de Hip dromo, S.A. de C.V., Impulsora de Centros de Entretenimiento las Am ricas, S.A.P.I. de C.V., Promociones
Recreativas Mexicanas, S.A. de C.V., Calle de Entretenimiento de las Am ricas, S.A. de C.V., Entretenimiento Recreativo, S.A. de
C.V., Entretenimiento Virtual, S.A. de C.V., Hotel de Entretenimiento de las Am ricas, S.A. de C.V., Centro de Convenciones las
Am ricas, S.A. de C.V., Impulsora Recreativa de Entretenimiento AMH, S.A. de C.V., Juegamax de las Am ricas, S.A. de C.V.,
Servicios Administrativos del Hip dromo S.A. de C.V., Servicios Compartidos en Factor Humano Hip dromo S.A. de C.V., Comercializadora
de Sortijuegos, S.A. de C.V. Mr. Gamero holds a CPA from Universidad de Guadalajara in Jalisco Mexico (1993) and an MBA from
ITAM (2001) in Mexico City. 

Carlos Alberto Rohm became
a member of our board in connection with our initial public offering. Mr. Rohm previously served as a member of the board of directors
of LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. I from March 2020 to August 2021. Since 2007, Mr. Rohm has been a Partner of LCA Capital, a leading
family office with ties to Mexico. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Rohm served as Chief Executive Officer of HSM Americas, which provides
business management services. Prior to joining HSM Americas, from 1994 to 2003, Mr. Rohm worked at J.P. Morgan in several roles including,
as a member of the Latin American private equity fund (JPMorgan Partners) and as an investment banking analyst in New York. Mr. Rohm
served on the board of directors of several Mexican companies, including Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico (GAP), an airport operator in
Mexico, and FIBRA Storage, a real estate developer that develops and manages self-storage facilities and mini warehouses. Mr. Rohm
has a bachelor s in business administration from Universidad de San Andres, Argentina (1994). 

Jose Antonio Solano Arroyo became
a member of our board in connection with our initial public offering. Mr. Solano previously served as a member of the board of directors
and chaired the audit committee of LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. I from December 2019 to August 2021. Since January 2002, Mr. Solano
has been general director and shareholder of Dise o y Gesti n Empresarial S.C., a company that provides consulting services
in Mexico. From January 2002 to April 2016, Mr. Solano served as director and shareholder of Recuperaci n Crediticia de Mexico
S.C., a collection agency. From June 2000 to November 2001, Mr. Solano was the Chief Executive Officer of retail operations at Citibank,
Grupo Financiero. From 1992 to May 2000, Mr. Solano acted as Chief Executive Officer of retail operations at Grupo Financiero Serfin,
which provides commercial banking services and other financial services to individuals and businesses, and which was later merged into
Grupo Financiero Santander Mexicano. From 1990 to 1992, Mr. Solano acted as executive director of private banking investments at
Operadora de Bolsa S.A. de C.V., a securities brokerage company. Mr. Solano currently serves on the board of directors and executive
committees of several other companies including Central de Corretajes S.A.P.I. de C.V., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC)
and Concr dito (Fin til, S.A. de C.V. SOFOM ENR). During his career, Mr. Solano has also served on the board of directors
and executive committees of several other companies including BEPENSA S.A. de C.V., Fondo Nacional de Infraestructura, Grupo Financiero
Intercam S.A., Grupo Financiero Interacciones S.A., Bur de Cr dito de M xico S.A. de C.V., Total System Services
de M xico, S.A. de C.V., Visa International M xico, S.A. de C.V. and Impulsora del Fondo Mexico, S.C. Mr. Solano received
an MA in economics from the University of Boston in 1980, an MA in economic policy from the University of Boston in 1981, and a PhD in
Economics from the University of Boston in 1982. 

Javier Maurilio N jera Mu oz
 has been a member of our board since July 1, 2022. Mr. Najera has been the Managing Partner of Blink Capital Solutions,
a financial services firm that provides strategic and valuation advice to multi-sectorial companies. Prior to this role, Mr. N jera,
was a managing partner of Execution Finance an independent investment banking firm based in Mexico City, from 2009 to 2020. From 2005
to 2009, Mr. N jera acted as deputy managing director of corporate financing, corporate banking and derivatives of IXE Financial
Group, a provider of banking services. From 1994 to 2005, Mr. N jera served as a corporate director of Credit Suisse First
Boston (CSFB) and general manager of CSFB in Mexico. Mr. N jera received a bachelor s degree in economics from the Instituto
Tecnol gico Aut nomo de M xico, and a master s degree in senior management from the Instituto Panamericano
de Alta Direcci n de Empresa. 

Jos Alverde Losada has been
a member of our board since July 1, 2022. Mr. Alverde Losada has been the General Director at Desarrolladora A L S. de R.L.
de C.V., a Mexican company dedicated to the development of sustainable residential, commercial and office complexes, integrating all the
factors of sustainability in the social, economic and environmental spheres since 2008. In addition, Mr. Alverde Losada serves as
a member of the board of directors of Controalosa S.A. de. C.V. since 2016. Mr. Alverde Losada received a bachelor s degree
in business administration from the Universidad Iberoamericana, Ciudad de M xico and a master s degree in business administration
from the University of Texas at Austin. 

58 

Jorge Esteve Recolons has been a
member of our board since July 1, 2022. Mr. Recolons has been the General Director and member of the Executive Committee of
ECOM Agroindustrial, a leading global agribusiness commodity merchant and sustainable supply chain management company with a presence
in over 40 countries since 2009. Prior to this, Mr. Recolons was a member of the Executive Committee and served as the Chief Executive
Officer of HSBC Latin America and the Caribbean s Insurance, Pensions, and Investments division from 2002 to 2009. Mr. Recolons
is currently a member of the board of directors of a number of companies, including Telmex, Aerom xico, and Grupo Real Turismo.
He holds a bachelor s degree in business administration from the Universidad An huac M xico and a master s degree
in business administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors currently consists of eight
members. Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first
class of directors will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders and the term of office of the second class of directors will
expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial
business combination (unless required by Nasdaq). Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on
our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board
or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founders shares). 

Our officers are
elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our
board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of a Chairman,
a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant
Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Subject to applicable phase-in rules, the Nasdaq
listing rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and the Nasdaq listing rules require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee
of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board
and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

Our audit committee consists of three members,
Jos Antonio Solano Arroyo, Carlos Alberto Rohm and Javier Maurilio N jera Mu oz. Jos Antonio Solano Arroyo
serves as chairman of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board has determined that Jos Antonio Solano Arroyo qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

59 

We adopted an audit committee charter, which sets
forth the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting our board s oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in its filings with the SEC; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee consists of three members,
Jos Antonio Solano Arroyo, Carlos Alberto Rohm and Javier Maurilio N jera Mu oz. Jos Antonio Solano Arroyo
serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which sets forth the purpose and responsibility
of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board with respect to the compensation and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to our board s approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter provides that the compensation committee
may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and
will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging
or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

60 

Nominating
Committee 

Our
nominating committee consists of three members, Jos Antonio Solano Arroyo, Carlos Alberto Rohm and Javier Maurilio N jera
Mu oz. We have adopted a nominating committee charter, which sets forth the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating committee,
including: 

identifying,
screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by our board, and recommending
to our board candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on our board; 

developing
and recommending to our board and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating
and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of our board, its committees, individual directors and management in governance of the company;
and 

reviewing
on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The
charter also provides that our nominating committee may, in their sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any
search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and
other retention terms. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board considers educational background, diversity of professional
experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best
interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

Other
than as it relates to the board of directors of LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. I, as the case may be, none of our officers currently serves,
and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more
officers serving on our board. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022
there were no delinquent filers. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees (our Code of Ethics ). Our Code of Ethics
will be available on our website upon the completion of our initial public offering. Our Code of Ethics is a code of ethics, 
as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions
of our Code of Ethics on our website. 

61 

Conflicts
of Interest 

All
of our executive officers and certain of our directors have or may have fiduciary and contractual duties to certain companies in which
they have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity,
we may be precluded from pursuing it. However, we do not expect these duties to present a significant conflict of interest with our search
for an initial business combination. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty
to exercise authority for the purpose for which it is conferred; 

duty
to not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty
to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care, which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge, skill and experience
which that director has. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position at the expense of the company. However, in some instances what would otherwise
be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by
the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively
by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect
our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None
of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest
in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In
the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities that
may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s
other affiliations, see Directors and Executive Officers. 

62 

Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares
acquired by them, if any. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founders
shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the Business Combination Period. However, if our initial shareholders
or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame (after giving effect to the Extension Period, as applicable). If we do not complete our initial business
combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private warrants held in the trust account will be used
to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founders
shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial shareholders until the earlier of (1) one year after the completion
of our initial business combination and (2) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange,
reorganization, or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the
right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last reported sale
price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, rights
issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founders shares will be released from the lock-up. With certain limited
exceptions, the private warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or
salable by our sponsor. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants following
our initial public offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business
is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business
combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result,
may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. 

Our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Below is a summary of the entities and businesses to which our
officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Alexander
R. Rossi, Humberto Zesati and Miguel ngel D vila currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to LIV Capital
(private equity fund manager) and LIV Capital s current portfolio companies, which include: Screencast (digital-out-of-home advertising),
 nima Estudios (animation and media company), Logyt (consulting and logistics firm), WOBI (executive education and content firm),
CENTRO (higher education institution focused on creativity and design), Boletia (ticket distribution company), Econduce (network of shared
electric motor bikes), CENCOR (financial services), Grupo Proa (medical laboratory company), BIVA (stock exchange), Nubity (cloud management,
monitoring and devops as a service company), AgileThought (agile-first software, digital transformation and consulting services), Credijusto
(financial services and bank) and Tiendas 3B (hard-discount retailer). 

Alexander
R. Rossi also currently has fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to Cynalex Productions (theater and movie production company). 

Humberto
Zesati also currently has fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to Special Olympics M xico (non-for-profit whose mission
is to provide year-round sports training and athletic competition for children and adults with intellectual disabilities) and F ndika
(investment funds manager). 

63 

Miguel
 ngel D vila also currently has fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to Endeavor M xico (high-impact entrepreneurship
network). 

Luis
Rodrigo Clemente Gamero currently has fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to LIV Capital. 

Carlos
Alberto Rohm currently has fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to LCA Capital. 

Jose
Antonio Solano Arroyo currently has fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to Dise o y Gesti n Empresarial S.C., Central
de Corretajes S.A.P.I. de C.V., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) and Concr dito (Fin U til, S.A. de C.V. SOFOM
ENR). 

Accordingly,
if any of the above officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity chooses not to
pursue the opportunity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we would obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. 

In
addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business
combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates
elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial
business combination. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed,
pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founders shares (and their permitted transferees will
agree) and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered
into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent
permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default
or willful neglect. 

We
may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the
cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers
and directors. We also intend to enter into indemnity agreements with them. 

Our
officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account,
and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification
provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if we (i) have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) consummate
an initial business combination. 

64 

Furthermore,
a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our
officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors and officers or persons controlling
us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

None
of our officers or directors have received or, prior to our initial business combination, will receive any cash compensation for services
rendered to us. We pay our sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our sponsor, officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then
known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business
combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination
business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent
directors. 

We
are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The
existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or
selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial
business combination should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our voting securities as of April 13, 2023,
by: 

each
person known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding shares; 

each
of our current executive officers and directors; and 

all
of our current executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
beneficially owned by them. Except as otherwise noted herein, the number and percentage of our ordinary shares beneficially owned is
determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial
ownership for any other purpose. Under such rule, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has sole
or shared voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which
includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of the security. In determining beneficial ownership percentages, we
deem ordinary shares that a shareholder has the right to acquire, including the our ordinary shares issuable pursuant to options
that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of April 13, 2023, if any, to be outstanding and to be
beneficially owned by the person with such right to acquire additional ordinary shares for the purposes of computing the percentage
ownership of that person (including in the total when calculating the applicable beneficial owner s percentage of ownership),
but we do not treat them as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

65 

The
calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership is based on our 12,543,417 outstanding ordinary shares, as of April 13,
2023. The table below includes certain information relating to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares for persons and entities
who are not affiliated with us, and as a result, we have provided the information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary
shares of such persons or entities, primarily based upon the information provided to us or publicly available to us through their respective
filings on Schedule 13G pursuant to the Exchange Act. Such beneficial owners may have sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of some
or all of their shares since the date on which such information was furnished. 

Ordinary Shares 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class A 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Class B 
 of Total Voting Power 
 
 Five Percent Holders: 

LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor II, L.P.(2) 

933,417 
 100 
 7.44 
 
 AQR Capital Management, LLC (3) 
 719,888 
 6.20 

5.74 
 
 Linden Capital L.P.(4) 
 680,000 
 5.86 

5.42 
 
 Saba Capital Management GP, LLC(5) 
 654,801 
 5.64 

5.22 

Current Directors and Executive Officers: 

Alexander R. Rossi 

523,417 
 56.08 
 4.17 
 
 Humberto Zesati 

Miguel ngel D vila 

Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero 

Carlos Alberto Rohm 

60,000 
 6.43 
 0.48 
 
 Jos Antonio Solano Arroyo 

Javier Maurilio N jera Mu oz 

70,000 
 7.50 
 0.56 
 
 Jos Alverde Losada 

Jorge Esteve Recolons 

All our Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (9 persons) 

653,417 
 70.00 
 5.21 

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the mailing address of each of the following entities or individuals is Torre Virreyes Pedregal No. 24, Piso 6-601 Col.
Molino del Rey, M xico, CDMX, C.P. 11040. 

(2) Messrs.
Rossi, Zesati and D vila are the three managers of the sponsor s general partner, LIV Sponsor II GP, LLC. Any action by
the sponsor s general partner with respect to ours or the founders shares, including voting and dispositive decisions, requires
a majority vote of the managers of the sponsor s general partner. Under the so-called rule of three, because voting
and dispositive decisions are made by a majority of the managers of the sponsor s general partner, none of the managers of the
sponsor s general partner is deemed to be a beneficial owner of the sponsor s securities, even those in which it holds a
pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of Messrs. Rossi, Zesati and D vila is deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the
founders shares held by the sponsor. 

(3) Consists
of 719,888 Class A ordinary shares held by AQR Capital Management, LLC AQR Capital ). AQR Capital is a wholly owned subsidiary
of AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC. AQR Arbitrage, LLC is deemed to be controlled by AQR Capital. The address of AQR Capital Management,
LLC is One Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(4) Consists
of 680,000 Class A ordinary shares held by Linden Capital L.P. Linden Capital and one or more separately managed accounts
(the Managed Accounts ). Linden GP LLC is the general partner of Linden Capital and, in such capacity, may be deemed to
beneficially own the Shares held by Linden Capital. Linden Advisors LP is the investment manager of Linden Capital and trading advisor
or investment advisor for the Managed Accounts. Siu Min (Joe) Wong Mr. Wong is the principal owner and controlling person
of Linden Advisors and Linden GP. In such capacities, Linden Advisors and Mr. Wong may each be deemed to beneficially own the Shares
held by each of Linden Capital and the Managed Accounts. The principal business address for Linden Capital is Victoria Place, 31 Victoria
Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda. The principal business address for each of Linden Advisors, Linden GP and Mr. Wong is 590 Madison Avenue,
15th Floor, New York, New York 10022. 

(5) Consists
of 654,801 Class A ordinary shares held by Saba Capital Management GP, LLC. Saba Capital Management GP, LLC disclaims beneficial ownership
of its respective Class A ordinary shares except to the extent of that person s pecuniary interest therein. The address of Saba
Capital Management GP, LLC is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

66 

Transfers
of Founders shares and Private Warrants 

The
founders shares, private warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to
transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreement with us to be entered into by our initial shareholders.
Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (1) in the case of the founders shares,
until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial
business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
(as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like
and as otherwise described in the final prospectus related to our initial public offering) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our
initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property, and (2) in the case of the private warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants,
except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any
partners of our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such
person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death
of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales
or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities
were originally purchased; (f) in the event of our liquidation prior to our completion of our initial business combination; (g) by
virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or our sponsor s exempted limited partnership agreement, as amended, upon liquidation
of our sponsor; or (h) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or
other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for
cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case
of clauses (a) through (e) and (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound
by these transfer restrictions. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founders shares, EBC founder shares, private warrants and any warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital
loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital
loans and upon conversion of the founders shares) are entitled to registration rights. The holders of these securities will be entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have
certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our
initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities
Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities
Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (1) in the case of the founders
shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial
business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as
adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the EBC founder shares, private
warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities were
authorized for issuance. 

67 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

In
April 2021, the sponsor purchased an aggregate of 2,875,000 founders shares, for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.009 per share. Our initial shareholders collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after our initial public offering.
As of December 31, 2022, after giving effect to the Rollover Redemption, our sponsor owns 933,417 founders shares. 

The
sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 5,500,000 private warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement that
occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Each private placement warrant may be exercised for one Class
A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The private warrants may not, subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it. As of December 31, 2022, after giving effect to the Rollover Redemption,
our sponsor owns 1,706,667 private placement warrants. 

In connection with the consummation of our initial
public offering, we entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we may pay the sponsor up to 10,000 per month
for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will
cease paying any of these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum
Business Combination Period, the sponsor will be paid up to 10,000 per month (up to 180,000 in the aggregate, after giving effect to
the extension period) for office space, administrative and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

The
sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the sponsor, officers, directors
or our or any of their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap
or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

The
sponsor has agreed to provide us with a loan up to 300,000 under an unsecured promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses
of our initial public offering. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowed 256,640 under the promissory note with the sponsor. These
loans are non-interest-bearing, unsecured and, as amended, are due on December 30, 2023. The value of the sponsor s interest
in this loan transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate
of the sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Any such loans
would be on an interest-free basis and would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon
completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per
warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants issued to the sponsor. We do not expect
to seek loans from parties other than the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to
loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

68 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founders shares, private warrants and warrants issued upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any), which is described under Item 1. Business Registration Rights Agreement . 

Related
Party Policy 

We
have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions
discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

Our
Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by
our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code
of Ethics, conflict of interest situations include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness
or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. 

In
addition, our audit committee is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into
such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is
present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes
a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a
related party transaction. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, our officers
or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our sponsor, our officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. 

Furthermore,
no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made by us to our sponsor, our officers or directors, or our or any of
their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other
than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
warrants held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment
of an aggregate of up to 300,000 in loans that may be made to us by the sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Payment
to our sponsor of up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services; 

Payment
of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, our officers, our directors, our initial shareholders or their affiliates in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination; 

Reimbursement
for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment
of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at
a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. 

The
above payments may be funded using the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants not held in the
trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account
released to us in connection therewith. 

69 

Director
Independence 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having
a relationship which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Carlos Alberto Rohm,
Jose Antonio Solano Arroyo, Javier Maurilio N jera Mu oz, Jos Alverde Losada and Jorge Esteve Recolons are independent
directors as defined in The Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have
regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. During the year ended December
31, 2022 and the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting
firm were approximately 126,690 and 114,043 for the services Marcum performed in connection with the audit of our December 31, 2022
and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10K. 

Audit-Related
Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did
not pay our independent registered public accounting firm for any audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees. We did not pay our independent registered public accounting firm for tax services, planning or advice for the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees. We did not pay our independent registered public accounting firm for any other services for the year ended December 31,
2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

70 

PART
IV 

Item
15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form
 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7
 F-26 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Amended 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 7, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 7, 2022, among the Company and its officers and directors and LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor II, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 7, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022) 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 7, 2022, between the Company and certain security holders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022) 

10.4 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 7, 2022, between the Company and LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor II, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 7, 2022, between the Company and LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor II, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022) 

71 

10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 7, 2022, between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

72 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on April 13, 2023. 

LIV CAPITAL
 ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 
 /s/
 Alexander R. Rossi 

Name: 
 Alexander R. Rossi 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and
 Chairman 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following
persons in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Alexander R. Rossi 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Alexander R. Rossi 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Humberto Zesati 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Humberto Zesati 

/s/ Miguel ngel D vila 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Miguel ngel D vila 

/s/ Jos Antonio Solano Arroyo 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Jos Antonio Solano Arroyo 

/s/ Carlos Alberto Rohm 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Carlos Alberto Rohm 

/s/ Javier Maurilio N jera Mu oz 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Javier Maurilio N jera Mu oz 

/s/ Jos Alverde Losada 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Jos Alverde Losada 

/s/ Jorge Esteve Recolons 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Jorge Esteve Recolons 

73 

LIV
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F- 26 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. II 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of LIV Capital Acquisition
Corp. II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders 
(deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial
statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and
working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which
is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Marcum
LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 13, 2023 

F- 2 

LIV
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Non-current prepaid expenses 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Promissory notes, purchase of related party interest (see Note 5) 

Promissory note related party 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and no shares at redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding (excluding 11,450,000 and no shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (1) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (2) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

(1) 

(2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

LIV
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from February 11, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of over-allotment option liability 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

LIV
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE 

PERIOD
FEBRUARY 11, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class B 
Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance February 11, 2021 (Inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Issuance of Class A ordinary shares to Representative 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Issuance of Class A ordinary shares to Representative 

Sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants at issuance 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Allocated value of transaction costs for warrants 

Cancellation of Founder Shares 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

LIV
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from February 11, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Change in fair value of over-allotment option liability 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Issuance of Representative Shares 

Cancellation of Founder Shares in exchange for promissory note 

Initial classification of Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares or the Class A Ordinary Shares ), generating gross proceeds
of , which is described in Note 3. 

warrants (each, a Private Placement
Warrant and, collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in
a private placement to LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor II, L.P. (the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (and/or their
designees), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the
 Trust Account ), will be held in cash items or invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or
less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the
Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the
distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

Public Shares
issued for an aggregate amount of . A total of was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds
held in the Trust Account to . 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, and of other offering costs. 

F- 7 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the value of the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement
to enter into an initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

per share) as of two business days prior to the completion
of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect
to the Company s warrants. 

upon such completion
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law
approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote and a general
meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing
substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares
and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination and to waive its
redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination or seek to
sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination. Additionally, subject to the immediately
succeeding paragraph, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective
of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 

or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

F- 8 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the Public Offering
(extendable at the sponsor s option to up to 18 months) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment and (c) that the Founder Shares shall not participate in any liquidating
distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the Sponsor will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to
complete its Business Combination. 

per Public
Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account
due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any
claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under
the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to
be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent auditors), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 9 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. As a result of actions by the FDIC, the Company s insured deposits have been restored. 

in its operating bank accounts, in marketable securities held in the Trust
Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficit
of . 

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of
 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has
no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

F- 10 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 11 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

which were
charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option. 

F- 12 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary
shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any other dilutive securities or other contracts
that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted
net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F- 13 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

additional Units to cover over-allotments.
The over-allotment option was evaluated under ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The Company concluded
that the underlying transaction (Units which include redeemable shares and warrants) of the over-allotment option embodies an obligation
to repurchase the issuer s equity shares. Accordingly, the option was fair valued and recorded as a liability at issuance date and
applied to the offering cost of the Class A redeemable shares. On February 15, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment
option resulting in the forfeiture of Founder Shares subject to redemption and the de-recognition of the over-allotment option
liability on the balance sheets. See Note 8 for the fair value of the over-allotment option liability. 

F- 14 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. On February 15, 2022, the underwriters
partially exercised its over-allotment option, resulting in the sale of an additional Units for an aggregate amount of . 

Private Placement Warrants
(representing private warrants by our sponsor and private warrants by EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.) at a price of per
Private Placement Warrant, from the Company in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one Class A
ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a
Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants
will expire worthless. 

Founder Shares and
redemption of Private Placement Warrants in exchange for the Promissory Note (see Note 6). 

F- 15 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate of paid to cover
certain expenses on behalf of the Company. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first
business day following the completion of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments, as described
in Note 7. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to Founder Shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent
that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own, on an as-converted
basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase
any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). On February 15, 2022, Founder Shares were forfeited as a result of the underwriters 
election to partially exercise their remaining over-allotment option. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise
their over-allotment option, a total of Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for share divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
150 days after the initial Business Combination, and (B) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Founder Shares, concurrently with or following the closing of a business combination. The grant of equity interests
in the Sponsor equivalent to Founder Shares to the Company s directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured
at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares granted to the Company s directors was approximately 
per share or an aggregate total of approximately . The equity interests were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e.,
the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the equity interests is recognized only when the performance
condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized.
Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business
Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified). 

F- 16 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Founder Shares in exchange
for the Promissory Note (see Note 6). 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory
note (the Sponsor Promissory Note ). The Sponsor Promissory Note is non-interest bearing, initially amended and restated
in its entirety on December 30, 2021, to extend the maturity date to the earlier of September 30, 2022 or the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering, and subsequently amended and restated in its entirety on January 31, 2022 to extend its maturity to December 30,
2023. 

and , respectively, was outstanding under the Sponsor Promissory Note. 

. The Promissory Notes are non-interest bearing and due and payable on the earlier of the date on which the Company s
corporate existence terminates, or the Company ceases all operations for purposes of winding up. As of December 31, 2022, there was 
outstanding under the Promissory Notes (see Note 6). 

per month for office space, administrative and
support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred for these services, of which is recorded as accrued expenses
in the balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. For the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company
did not incur any fees for these services. 

of notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants
at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Working Capital
Loan outstanding. 

F- 17 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date following the completion of the
initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for
cash, securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the EBC Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and the respective
Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 15, 2022, the underwriters elected
to partially exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Public Shares at a price of per Public Share. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering and exercise of over-allotment options. 

F- 18 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share, of New Covalto
(each a New Covalto Class A Ordinary Share and collectively, the New Covalto Class A Ordinary Shares ),
and each issued and outstanding warrant to purchase Class A ordinary shares of LIVB (a LIVB Warrant will be converted
into and become a warrant to purchase New Covalto Class A Ordinary Shares (a New Covalto Warrant ), and New Covalto
shall assume each such LIVB Warrant in accordance with its terms. 

F- 19 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share,
of New Covalto (the New Covalto Class B Ordinary Shares shall be created and authorized; (iv) an increase to the
number of New Covalto Class A Ordinary Shares shall be authorized; and (v) the closing amended and restated Covalto Articles of Association
shall be adopted (collectively, the Pre-Closing Capital Restructuring ). 

Class B ordinary shares and 
Private Placement Warrants, respectively; and 

, which is equal to the amount of equity contributed
by each Rollover Party indirectly or directly to LIVB. 

Class B ordinary shares and redeemed Private Placement Warrants in exchange for the
Promissory Notes. The Company evaluated the Promissory Notes and Redemption Agreement pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815. The Company determined
that the Company should record the Promissory Notes at face value. The fair value of the Class B ordinary shares purchased was per
share and the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants redeemed was per warrant, for a total fair value of . 

F- 20 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of . The Company s board of directors will be
authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. The board of directors will
be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preferred shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. On July 9, 2021, the Company issued to
EBC and its designees, Class A ordinary shares, for a total consideration of . On October 14, 2021, the Company issued to
EBC and its designees, an additional Class A ordinary shares, for a total consideration of . On January 31, 2022, the Company
issued an additional EBC Founder Shares, for a total consideration of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
and Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding and no Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption, respectively. 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 
Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. At December 31, 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding,
of which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option
was not exercised in full or in part so that the Sponsor would own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after
the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). Due to the underwriters 
option to partially exercise its over-allotment option on February 15, 2022, shares were forfeited. 

of the sum of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of
the Initial Public Offering plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with a Business Combination (net of redemptions), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to
be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Warrants issued to the Sponsor. 

F- 21 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

and warrants outstanding, respectively. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the
registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below,
at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, provided that the Company has an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration
under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may
exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given
time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly,
unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years
after the completion of the initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

per warrant; 

per share (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations). 

F- 22 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and proposed Business Combination (including 
Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance
provides that the warrants described above are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured
at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified
in equity. 

Private Placement Warrants. 

F- 23 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares (the EBC Founder Shares for a
total of of consideration. On October 14, 2021, the Company issued an additional EBC Founder Shares, for a total consideration
of . On January 31, 2022, the Company issued an additional EBC Founder Shares, for a total consideration of . The Company accounts
for the fair value of the EBC Founder Shares over consideration paid as a deferred offering cost of the Initial Public Offering. Accordingly,
the offering costs were allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair
value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to the Warrants were charged to permanent shareholders 
equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, while offering costs allocated to the redeemable Public Shares were charged
to temporary shareholders equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company estimated the total fair value
of the EBC Founder Shares to be . The Company established the initial fair value for the EBC Founder Shares on the date of the
issuances, using a probability weighted model for the EBC Founder Shares. The EBC Founder Shares are classified as Level 3 at the measurement
date due to the use of unobservable inputs including the probability of a business combination, the probability of the initial public
offering, and other risk factors (see Note 8). 

Fair value of EBC Founder Shares (included within deferred offering costs) 
 Non-recurring 
 3 

F- 24 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Probability of Initial Public Offering not happening 
 
 - 
 
 Probability of Business Combination not happening 

Estimated concessions 
 
 - 
 
 Discount for lack of marketability 

Initial measurement for shares issued on October 14, 2021 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Initial measurement for shares issued on January 31, 2022 

Fair value as of February 10, 2022 (Initial Public Offering date) 

F- 25 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Expected term 

Volatility 

Yield curve 

Change in fair value on February 15, 2022 (over-allotment exercise date) 

Elimination of over-allotment liability on February 15, 2022 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

. 

to . 

F-26 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_livcapacq2.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

Exhibit 3.1 

THE COMPANIES ACT As
Revised 

 OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

 COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

OF 

LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 (adopted
by special resolution dated 7 February 2022 and effective on 7 February 2022) 

2 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (As Revised) 

 OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

 COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION 

 OF 

 LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

 (adopted
by special resolution dated 7 February 2022 and effective on 7 February 2022) 

1 The name of the Company is LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. II 

2 The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO
Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as the Directors may decide. 

3 The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power
and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

4 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Member s shares. 

5 The share capital of the Company is US 55,500 divided into 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a par
value of US 0.0001 each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each and 5,000,000 preference shares of a par
value of US 0.0001 each. 

6 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the
laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 

7 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the
respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company. 

3 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (As Revised) 

 OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

 COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

 OF 

 LIV CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. II 

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION dated
7 February 2022 and effective on 7 February 2022) 

1 Interpretation 

1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there is something
in the subject or context inconsistent therewith: 

Affiliate 
 in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such person s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such person s home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity. 
 
 Applicable Law 
 means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person. 
 
 Articles 
 means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company. 

4 

Audit Committee 
 means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 
 
 Auditor 
 means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any). 
 
 Business Combination 
 means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business ), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. 
 
 business day 
 means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City. 
 
 Clearing House 
 means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction. 
 
 Class A Share 
 means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 
 
 Class B Share 
 means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 
 
 Company 
 means the above named company. 
 
 Company s Website 
 means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any). 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 

5 

Designated Stock Exchange 
 means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the Nasdaq Capital Market. 
 
 Directors 
 means the directors for the time being of the Company. 
 
 Dividend 
 means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles. 
 
 Electronic Communication 
 means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Company s Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors. 
 
 Electronic Record 
 has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act. 
 
 Electronic Transactions Act 
 means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. 
 
 Equity-linked Securities 
 means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 
 
 Exchange Act 
 means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 
 
 Extension Option 
 means the option of the Company, by resolution of the board of directors at the option of the Sponsor, to extend the period of time to consummate an initial Business Combination by an additional three months, subject to the Sponsor contributing US 0.10 per unit to the Trust Account. 
 
 Founders 
 means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO. 
 
 Independent Director 
 has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be. 

6 

IPO 
 means the Company s initial public offering of securities. 
 
 Member 
 has the same meaning as in the Statute. 
 
 Memorandum 
 means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company. 
 
 Nominating Committee 
 means the nominating committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 
 
 Officer 
 means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company. 
 
 Ordinary Resolution 
 means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles. 
 
 Over-Allotment Option 
 means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US 10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 
 Preference Share 
 means a preference share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 
 
 Public Share 
 means a Class A Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO. 
 
 Redemption Notice 
 means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein. 
 
 Register of Members 
 means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members. 
 
 Registered Office 
 means the registered office for the time being of the Company. 

7 

Representative 
 means a representative of the Underwriters from time to time and any successor representative. 
 
 Seal 
 means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal. 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Share 
 means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company. 
 
 Special Resolution 
 subject to Article 29.4, has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution. 
 
 Sponsor 
 means LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor II, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and its successors or assigns. 
 
 Statute 
 means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. 
 
 Treasury Share 
 means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute. 
 
 Trust Account 
 means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of the IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited. 
 
 Underwriter 
 means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter. 

1.2 In the Articles: 

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; 

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; 

(c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person; 

(d) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words
in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record; 

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive; 

8 

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions
as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced; 

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including , include , in particular 
or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms; 

(h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The
use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or 
in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require
the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires); 

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles; 

(j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record; 

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles
themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act; 

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply; 

(m) the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the
day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; and 

(n) the term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register
of Members as the holder of such Share. 

2 Commencement of Business 

2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the Directors
shall see fit. 

2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in
or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration. 

3 Issue of Shares and other Securities 

3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company
in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options
over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions,
whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on
such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors
shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect
the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Ordinary Share Conversion set out in the Articles. 

9 

3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature
conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company
on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. 

3.3 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional
Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof
to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from
time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from
one another on the 90th day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the Representative(s) determines that an earlier
date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a
press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising
such units cannot be traded separately from one another. 

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer. 

4 Register of Members 

4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute. 

4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in
accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which
shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time. 

5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date 

5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or
 any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a
 determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed
 newspaper or any other newspaper or by any other means
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other
competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for
a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days. 

10 

5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears
a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any
adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose. 

5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members
entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution,
the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or
other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of
Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof. 

6 Certificates for Shares 

6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates
shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates
shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued
with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise
identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled
and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares
shall have been surrendered and cancelled. 

6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than
one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them. 

6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any)
as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence, as the
Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate. 

6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or
other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course
of delivery. 

11 

6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable,
or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the
case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement
of a Share transfer with the Company. 

7 Transfer of Shares 

7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in
conjunction with rights, options, warrants or units issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the
other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer
of such right, option, warrant or unit. 

7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed
by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the
transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or
transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the
Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee
is entered in the Register of Members. 

8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares 

8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption
of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution,
determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares: 

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in the Business Combination Article hereof; 

(b) Class B Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration on a pro-rata
basis to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Sponsor will own 20 per cent of the Company s
issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities
issued to the Representative prior to the IPO and of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with the IPO); and 

12 

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in the Business
Combination Article hereof. 

8.2 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may
agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described
in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members. 

8.3 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner
permitted by the Statute, including out of capital. 

8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share. 

9 Treasury Shares 

9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share
shall be held as a Treasury Share. 

9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they
think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration). 

10 Variation of Rights of Shares 

10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different
 classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of
 that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of
 that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights; otherwise,
 any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds of the issued Shares of
 that class (other than with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Ordinary Share Conversion Article hereof, which as
 stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of that class), or with
 the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders
 of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation
 may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all
 the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis , except that the necessary quorum
 shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one-third of the issued
Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll. 

13 

10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the classes of
Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals
under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares. 

10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights
shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation
or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights. 

11 Commission on Sale of Shares 

The Company may, in so far as the Statute
permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally)
or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied
by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage
as may be lawful. 

12 Non Recognition of Trusts 

The Company shall not be bound by or
compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except
only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to
the entirety thereof in the holder. 

13 Lien on Shares 

13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered
in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether
presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or not, but the
Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. The registration of a
transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Company s lien thereon. The Company s lien on a Share shall also extend to
any amount payable in respect of that Share. 

13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company has a
lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been
received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy
of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold. 

14 

13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer
of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the
holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall
his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the exercise of the Company s power of sale under
the Articles. 

13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part of the
amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently
payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale. 

14 Call on Shares 

14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon the Members
in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving
at least fourteen clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the
amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be required
to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding the subsequent
transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. 

14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising
such call was passed. 

14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof. 

14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due shall pay
interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and
in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive payment of
the interest or expenses wholly or in part. 

14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on account
of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles
shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call. 

14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of calls, or
the interest to be paid. 

14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all or any
part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount would otherwise become payable)
pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance. 

15 

14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion of
a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but for such payment,
become payable. 

15 Forfeiture of Shares 

15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may
give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together with
any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify where
payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be
liable to be forfeited. 

15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the payment
required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other
distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture. 

15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as
the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the
Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise
some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person. 

15.4 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them and shall
surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies
which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the
Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and
payable by him in respect of those Shares. 

15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited on
a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The
certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom
the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title
to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the
Share. 

15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non payment of any sum which,
by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value of the Share or by way
of premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 

16 

16 Transmission of Shares 

16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal representatives
(where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased
Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder. 

16.2 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect,
by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated by him registered
as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of
transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as
they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution,
as the case may be. 

16.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages
to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect of a Share,
be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors
may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person nominated by him
be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration
as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received
or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends, other
distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with. 

17 Class B Ordinary Share Conversion 

17.1 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects,
and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of
Shares Article and the Appointment and Removal of Directors Article hereof) with the exception that the holder of a Class B Share shall
have the conversion rights referred to in this Article. 

17 

17.2 Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial
Conversion Ratio on the first business day following the closing of a Business Combination. 

17.3 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other
Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the
consummation of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert into Class A Shares at the time of the
consummation of a Business Combination at a ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless
the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance
or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, on an as-converted
basis, in the aggregate, 20 per cent of the sum of all Class A Shares and Class B Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all
Class A Shares and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, excluding any Shares or
Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to
the Sponsor or its Affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company. 

17.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion
Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by
the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate
class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof. 

17.5 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by share subdivision,
exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by share consolidation, exchange,
reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class A Shares in issue into a
greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision,
combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue. 

17.6 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article.
The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert into such number
of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class
A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the denominator of which shall
be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion. 

17.7 References in this Article to converted , conversion or exchange 
shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application
of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a
price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a
conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued
at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered in the name of such Member or in such name as
the Member may direct. 

18 

17.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event may any Class B Share convert into
Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. 

18 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital 

18.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution: 

(a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights,
priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine; 

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares; 

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any
denomination; 

(d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital
into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and 

(e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed
to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled. 

18.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to
the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as
the Shares in the original share capital. 

18.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to be
dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 29.4, the Company may by Special Resolution: 

(a) change its name; 

(b) alter or add to the Articles; 

(c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein;
and 

(d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund. 

19 

19 Offices and Places of Business 

Subject to the provisions of the Statute,
the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition to its Registered
Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine. 

20 General Meetings 

20.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings. 

20.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged to, in each year hold a general
meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall
be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented. 

20.3 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board of Directors may call general
meetings, and they shall on a Members requisition forthwith proceed to convene an extraordinary general meeting of the Company. 

20.4 A Members requisition is a requisition of Members holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not
less than thirty per cent in par value of the issued Shares which as at that date carry the right to vote at general meetings of the Company. 

20.5 The Members requisition must state the objects of the meeting and must be signed by the requisitionists
and deposited at the Registered Office, and may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists. 

20.6 If there are no Directors as at the date of the deposit of the Members requisition or if the Directors
do not within twenty-one days from the date of the deposit of the Members requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be
held within a further twenty-one days, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights
of all of the requisitionists, may themselves convene a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall be held no later than the day
which falls three months after the expiration of the said twenty-one day period. 

20.7 A general meeting convened as aforesaid by requisitionists shall be convened in the same manner as nearly
as possible as that in which general meetings are to be convened by Directors. 

20.8 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for appointment
as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company not less than 120 calendar
days before the date of the Company s proxy statement released to Members in connection with the previous year s annual general
meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the previous year, or if the date of the current year s annual general
meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous year s annual general meeting, then the deadline shall
be set by the board of Directors with such deadline
being a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and send its related proxy materials. 

20 

21 Notice of General Meetings 

21.1 At least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify the
place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be
given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general
meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of
the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed: 

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and 

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right
to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per cent in par value of the Shares giving that right. 

21.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non receipt of notice of a general
meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that general meeting. 

22 Proceedings at General Meetings 

22.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders of one-third
of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative
or proxy shall be a quorum. 

22.2 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications equipment
by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general
meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. 

22.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on
behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations
or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had
been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held. 

22.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence or
 if during such a meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the meeting, if convened upon a Members requisition, shall be dissolved and
 in any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time
 and/or place as the Directors may determine,
and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members
present shall be a quorum. 

21 

22.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any person
to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of
the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present
within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect
one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

22.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes after
the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

22.7 The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed
by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting
other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 

22.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be
given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting. 

22.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors,
in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place,
the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place,
day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members.
No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting. 

22.10 When a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall be
given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of a postponed meeting. All
proxy forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a
general meeting which has already been postponed. 

22.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll. 

22.12 A poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution
of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded. 

22.13 A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith.
A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general meeting
directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking
of the poll. 

22.14 In the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote. 

22 

23 Votes of Members 

23.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Article 29.4, every
Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the holder. 

23.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by
proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall be accepted
to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders
stand in the Register of Members. 

23.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction
in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Member s behalf appointed by that court, and any
such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy. 

23.4 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member on the
record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect of Shares have been paid. 

23.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned
general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection
made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive. 

23.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural
person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments
to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares
in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes. 

23.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the same way
on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting
a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or more instruments
may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from
voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed. 

23 

24 Proxies 

24.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor
or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non natural person, under the hand of its
duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member. 

24.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy
sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being
not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or
adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the
person named in the instrument proposes to vote. 

24.3 The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to
have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has not been declared to have
been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid. 

24.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the Directors
may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll. 

24.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the
previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the
transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer
was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it
is sought to use the proxy. 

25 Corporate Members 

25.1 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional
documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks
fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled
to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual
Member. 

24 

25.2 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons
as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the
authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person
so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts
and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered
holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)). 

26 Shares that May Not be Voted 

Shares in the Company that are beneficially
owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number
of outstanding Shares at any given time. 

27 Directors 

27.1 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that the Company
may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors. 

27.2 The Directors shall be divided into two classes: Class I and Class II. The number of Directors in each
class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the Articles, the existing Directors shall by resolution classify themselves
as Class I Directors or Class II Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s first
annual general meeting and the Class II Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s second annual general
meeting. Commencing at the Company s first annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed
to succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the second succeeding annual general
meeting after their appointed. Except as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual general
meetings or extraordinary general meetings called for the appointed of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors and the filling
of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting
from the removal of Directors for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, although less
than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of
their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy
resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death,
resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been appointed and qualified. 

28 Powers of Directors 

28.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given
by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all the powers of the
Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would
have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened meeting of Directors at which
a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors. 

25 

28.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments
and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in
such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution. 

28.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement to any
Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions
to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance. 

28.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its
undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock,
mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of
any third party. 

29 Appointment and Removal of Directors 

29.1 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders
of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares remove any
Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the consummation of a Business Combination holders of Class A Shares shall have no right
to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director. 

29.2 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director
provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with the Articles
as the maximum number of Directors. 

29.3 After the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person
to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director. 

29.4 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, Article 29.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution
passed by at least 90 per cent of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at
a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way
of unanimous written resolution. 

30 Vacation of Office of Director 

The office of a Director shall be vacated
if: 

(a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or 

(b) the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three
consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution
that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or 

26 

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally;
or 

(d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or 

(e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as
a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance
with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors. 

31 Proceedings of Directors 

31.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless
so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office. 

31.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman shall
have a second or casting vote. 

31.3 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference telephone
or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other at the
same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined
by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the chairman is located at the start of the meeting. 

31.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the members of
a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office
by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual as
if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be, duly convened and held. 

31.5 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction
 of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Directors by at least two days notice in writing
 to every Director which notice shall set forth the general nature of the business to be considered
 unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held.
 To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating
 to the giving of notices by the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis . 

27 

31.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding any
vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary
quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be equal to
such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose. 

31.7 The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to hold office;
but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for
the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

31.8 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding
that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director, and/or that they or any of them were disqualified,
and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or not
disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled to vote, as the case may be. 

31.9 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed in writing
by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing
Director. 

32 Presumption of Assent 

A Director who is present at a meeting
of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless
his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such action with the person
acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered post to
such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour
of such action. 

33 Directors Interests 

33.1 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of Auditor)
in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine. 

33.2 A Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm in a professional capacity for the
Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director. 

28 

33.3 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company promoted
by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and no such Director shall
be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of, or from his interest
in, such other company. 

33.4 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from contracting
with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction entered into by
or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director
so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by or arising in connection with any
such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director
shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of the interest
of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon. 

33.5 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified firm
or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes
of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such general notice it shall
not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction. 

34 Minutes 

The Directors shall cause minutes to
be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of
the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of the
Directors present at each meeting. 

35 Delegation of Directors Powers 

35.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate,
to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and
the Nominating Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally
with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions,
the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they
are capable of applying. 

35.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to be a manager
or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies.
Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion
of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the
proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so
far as they are capable of applying. 

29 

35.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and, if so adopted, shall review and assess
the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary
to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant to
the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or
any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and
the Nominating Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine
(or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of
Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee shall
be made up of such number of Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. 

35.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the Company
on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be
revoked by the Directors at any time. 

35.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body of persons,
whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose
and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the Articles) and
for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain
such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the Directors
may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions
vested in him. 

35.6 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration
and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise
specified in the terms of his appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate his
office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns his office. 

30 

36 No Minimum Shareholding 

The Company in general meeting may fix
a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director is
not required to hold Shares. 

37 Remuneration of Directors 

37.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall
determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company prior to the consummation of a Business Combination.
The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling,
hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors,
or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise
in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect
thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other. 

37.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services which
in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney
or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to his remuneration as a Director. 

38 Seal 

38.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the authority
of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall
be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors for the purpose. 

38.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals
each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine, with the addition on its face
of the name of every place where it is to be used. 

38.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority of the
Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated by him under seal or to
be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever. 

39 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve 

39.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any
Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or
other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor.
A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay
such Dividend specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except
out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law. 

31 

39.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions
shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank
for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly. 

39.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums of money
(if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise. 

39.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the distribution
of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company
or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as
they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any
part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust
the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors. 

39.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions may
be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions that may be required and how
any costs involved are to be met. 

39.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such sums as
they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company
and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company. 

39.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares may be
paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or,
in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such person
and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order
of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions,
bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders. 

39.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company. 

32 

39.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed after
six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid
into a separate account in the Company s name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account
and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed
after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert
to the Company. 

40 Capitalisation 

The Directors may at any time capitalise
any sum standing to the credit of any of the Company s reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account and capital redemption
reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such
sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution of
profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment
and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall do all acts
and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think
fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue
to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members
interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement
made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company. 

41 Books of Account 

41.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying
documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and
the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets
and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years from the date on which they
are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true
and fair view of the state of the Company s affairs and to explain its transactions. 

41.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions
or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and
no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred
by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting. 

33 

41.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit and
loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law. 

42 Audit 

42.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors
determine. 

42.2 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares (or
depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit
Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities
of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every
financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate. 

42.3 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee
for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest. 

42.4 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists). 

42.5 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable
of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and
determine the remuneration of such Auditor. 

42.6 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers
of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information and explanation as may be necessary for
the performance of the duties of the Auditor. 

42.7 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their
tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the
Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of
a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office,
upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members. 

34 

42.8 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval
of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval. 

42.9 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non-compliance is identified,
the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise
cause compliance with the terms of the IPO. 

42.10 At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as
determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment
experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background
which results in the individual s financial sophistication. 

43 Notices 

43.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by sending
it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is
given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or by placing it on the Company s Website. 

43.2 Where a notice is sent by: 

(a) courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company,
and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on
which the notice was delivered to the courier; 

(b) post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting
a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public
holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted; 

(c) cable, telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending
such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted; 

(d) e-mail or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting
the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it
was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the
receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and 

(e) placing it on the Company s Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected
one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Company s Website. 

35 

43.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised are entitled
to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner as other notices which are required to be
given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the
bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option
of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred. 

43.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every holder
of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that in the case of joint holders
the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the ownership
of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but
for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive notices
of general meetings. 

44 Winding Up 

44.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding
up: 

(a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole
of the Company s issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the
Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or 

(b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the
whole of the Company s issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members
in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares
in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise. 

44.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and
 with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members
 in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not)
 and may for that purpose value any assets and
determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the like
approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with
the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability. 

36 

45 Indemnity and Insurance 

45.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the Company),
together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person shall be indemnified out of the
assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses,
whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such
liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall
be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of
their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No
person shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent
jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect. 

45.2 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity
will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking
to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified
Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication
that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall
not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest)
by the Indemnified Person. 

45.3 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director
or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence,
default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company. 

46 Financial Year 

Unless the Directors otherwise prescribe,
the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin on 1st
January in each year. 

37 

47 Transfer by Way of Continuation 

If the Company is exempted as defined
in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register
by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the
Cayman Islands. 

48 Mergers and Consolidations 

The Company shall
have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the
Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution. 

49 Business Combination 

49.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing
upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a Business Combination and the full distribution
of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions
of this Article shall prevail. 

49.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either: 

(a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or 

(b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a
per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or payable,
if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares, provided that the Company shall not repurchase Public Shares in an amount
that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001 upon consummation of such Business Combination. 

49.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission
prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business
Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a
general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

49.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article,
in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate
such Business Combination, provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible
assets of at least US 5,000,001 immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
that may be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination. 

38 

49.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, in connection
with any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements
provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption ), provided that no such Member acting together with
any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other
group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15 per
cent of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming
Member, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (such interest shall be net of taxes payable) and not previously
released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to
herein as the Redemption Price ), but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved
and in connection with its consummation. The Company shall not redeem Public Shares that would cause the Company s net tangible
assets to be less than US 5,000,001 following such redemptions (the Redemption Limitation ). 

49.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors determine
(in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may do in whole or in part). 

49.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 15 months from the consummation
of the IPO (or up to 18 months if the Sponsor exercises an Extension Option the Company shall: 

(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; 

(b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members 
rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and 

39 

(c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, 

subject in each case
to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law. 

49.8 In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles: 

(a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a
Business Combination or redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 15 months
from the consummation of the IPO (or up to 18 months if the Sponsor exercises an Extension Option); or 

(b) with respect to any other provision relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination activity, 

each holder of Public
Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon
the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The Company s ability to provide such redemption in this Article
is subject to the Redemption Limitation. 

49.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the
event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust
Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the
Trust Account. 

49.10 After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company
shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to: 

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or 

(b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination. 

49.11 The uninterested Independent Directors shall approve any transaction or transactions between the Company
and any of the following parties: 

(a) any Member owning an interest in the voting power of the Company that gives such Member a significant
influence over the Company; and 

(b) any Director or Officer and any Affiliate of such Director or Officer. 

49.12 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest
with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors. 

40 

49.13 As long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company must complete
one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account
(net of amounts previously disbursed to the Company s management for taxes) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement
in connection with a Business Combination. A Business Combination must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar
company with nominal operations. 

49.14 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor,
a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business Combination with a target that is Affiliated
with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of
target business the Company is seeking to acquire that is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an
independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. 

49.15 The Extension Option can be exercised once (for a total of up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO)
if it is anticipated that the Company will not consummate the initial Business Combination within 15 months. To exercise an Extension
Option the Sponsor must deposit US 1,000,000 or up to US 1,150,000 depending on the extent to which the Over-Allotment Option is exercised,
into the Trust Account on or prior to the date of the deadline, for the three-month extension. 

50 Business Opportunities 

50.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual
serving as a Director or an Officer Management shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by
contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company.
To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered
an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one
hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the
Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party
pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or
does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company. 

50.2 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby
renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction
or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also
a member of Management acquires knowledge. 

50.3 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity
related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company
hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for
such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted
in the future and that have been conducted in the past. 

39 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-1_livcapacq2.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit
4.1 

Description
of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

The
following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the securities of LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. II we, us or our that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the
information you should consider before investing in our securities. This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety
by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary
below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Law and common law of the Cayman Islands. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had three classes of securities registered under the Exchange Act: our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par
value per share; warrants to purchase shares of our Class A ordinary shares; and units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one
redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description of
our founders shares, par value 0.0001 per share founders shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of
the Exchange Act but are convertible into shares of the Class A ordinary shares. The description of the founders shares is necessary
to understand the material terms of the Class A ordinary shares. 

Units 

Each
unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and three-quarters of one redeemable warrant. Each whole
warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described
in the prospectus relating to our initial public offering. Pursuant to the warrant agreement dated February 7, 2022 between Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us (the warrant agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its
warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at
any given time by a warrant holder. As a result, if a warrant holder holds three-quarters of one warrant to purchase an ordinary share,
such warrant will not be exercisable. Accordingly, only purchasers who held at least two units, would be able to receive or trade a whole
warrant. In addition, unless a holder purchased a multiple of four units, the number of warrants issuable to such holder upon separation
of the units would be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. 

The
Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on March 9, 2022 and holders have the option to continue to hold units or
separate their units into the component pieces. No fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants
trade. 

Ordinary
Shares 

Class
A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be
voted on by shareholders, except as required by law; provided that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class
B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders,
including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of Class A ordinary shares
and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class. Unless specified in the Companies Act, our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares
that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special
resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include
amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another
company. Directors are appointed for a term of two years. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors,
with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the founders shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the
directors prior to our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared
by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase
the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination
to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general
meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss
company affairs with management. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At
the completion of our initial business combination, we will be required to purchase any Class A ordinary shares properly delivered for
redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. Additionally, each
public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or
against the proposed business combination. Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us dated February 7, 2022
(the letter agreement ), pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founders
shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers
have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if
any. Permitted transferees of our initial shareholders, officers or directors will be subject to the same obligations. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, 
without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce
their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in
their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. As a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that
number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted
transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of the letter agreement, to vote their founders shares and any public shares held by them
in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founders shares and EBC founders
shares, we would need 5,338,292 or 46.62 , of the 11,450,000 public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of
an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all issued and outstanding shares
are voted). If only the minimum number of shares are voted to establish a quorum, we would need only 1,157,153
 or 10.11 , of the 11,450,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination
in order to have such combination approved. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar
obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

2 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within
15 months (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months, as described below under Our Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (1) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 
of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the
number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as
shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
Our initial shareholders have entered into the letter agreement, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
15 months (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months, as described below under Our Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association from the closing of our initial public offering. However, if our initial
shareholders acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period
(after giving effect to the Extension Period, as applicable). 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will
be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision
is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription
rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founders
Shares 

The
founders shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being
sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founders shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that:
(1) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founders shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors
and holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founders shares
are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (3) pursuant to the letter agreement, our initial shareholders
have agreed to waive: (x) their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination (and not seek to sell its shares to us in any tender offer we undertake in connection
with our initial business combination); (y) their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held
by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business
combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within 15 months (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months, as
described below under Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association from the closing of our
initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity; and (z) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founders shares they hold if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months,
as described below under Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association from the closing of our
initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public
shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame (after giving effect to the
Extension Period, as applicable)); (4) the founders shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares as described below
and (5) the founders shares are entitled to registration rights. In addition, our directors and officers have also entered into the letter
agreement with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

3 

The
founders shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of our initial
business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares,
or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the
amounts issued in our initial public offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which founders
shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary
shares then in issue) so, that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal,
in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of our initial
public offering plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our
initial business combination (net of redemptions), excluding the EBC founders shares and any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination and any private warrants issued to our sponsor,
an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founders shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if
the last reported sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends,
rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business
combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that
results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Register
of Members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there shall be entered therein: 

the
names and addresses of the members and a statement of the shares held by each member and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered
as paid on the shares of each member and the voting rights of each member; 

the
date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register
of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register of members shall be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares
by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members shall be deemed to have legal
title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman
Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands
court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register
of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were
made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Warrants 

Public
Warrants 

8,587,500
warrants are currently outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares
are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder
(or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only
a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units
and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless a holder purchased at least two units, such holder would not be able to receive
or trade a whole warrant. Further, unless a holder purchased a multiple of four units, the number of warrants issuable to such holder
upon separation of the units would be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. The warrants will expire five years after
the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

4 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle
such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No public warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not
be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise
is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. In the event
that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant
will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In the event that a registration
statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase
price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business
combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement
or a new registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after
the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus
relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a
registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A
ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the
definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of
public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we
do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to
the extent an exemption is not available. In the event of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair
market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted
average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement
warrants): 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing
once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders
(which we refer to as the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number
of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments 
below). 

5 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. However, we will not redeem the warrants unless an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective
and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants
for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary
shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the
Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received
by the warrant agent. 

No
fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder.
If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant
agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for
such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or
surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise
of the warrants. 

Redemption
Procedures . A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement
that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person
(together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 
(as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-dilution
Adjustments . If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share
dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date
of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each
warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary
shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as
defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A
ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that
are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary
share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities
convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will
be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion
and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume-weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during
the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable
exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

6 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which
the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on
a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period
ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other
adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends
or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary
shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary
shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (extendable at our sponsor s option
to up to 18 months, as described below under Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to
complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective
date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary
share in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification
of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion
to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise
price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator
of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment
and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to our sponsors or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by our sponsors or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of
the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class
A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business
combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely
affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation
(other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or
reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity
of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders
of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights
represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon
such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder
of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. 

7 

The
warrants are issued in registered form under the warrant agreement. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may
be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the
holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-K for
a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights
until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of
the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will
be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This exclusive forum provision shall not apply to suits brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America
are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

The
private placement warrants (including the warrants included in units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable (except, among other
limited exceptions as described under the section of the prospectus relating to our initial public offering entitled Principal
Shareholders Transfers of Founders shares and Private Warrants, to our officers, directors and other persons or entities
affiliated with or by us. The private placement warrants may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis , in which additional
terms are outlined below. They will also not be redeemable by us. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions
that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering, including as to exercise
price, exercisability and exercise period; however, they will not be transferrable by the sponsor except to permitted transferees. Each
of the warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans shall be identical to the private placement warrants. 

If
holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over
the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted
average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of exercise is received by the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis
is because it is not known at this time whether the sponsor or their permitted transferees will be affiliated with us following an initial
business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement
warrants in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our
securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities,
an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike
public shareholders who could sell the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market, the
insiders could be significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants
on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

8 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the
private placement warrants. Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants, except that,
among other limited exceptions as described under the section of the prospectus relating to our initial public offering entitled Principal
Shareholders Transfers of Founders shares and Private Warrants, made to our officers and directors and other persons or
entities affiliated with or related to our sponsor, each of which will be subject to the same transfer restrictions. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent
to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have
agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each
of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees
that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence,
willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain
Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman
Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
statutory enactments and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary
of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated
in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers
and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations
between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction
(provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where
the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan of merger or consolidation must then be authorized by (a) a special
resolution (at least a majority of 662/3 in value who attend and vote at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; and
(b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder
resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class
in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent
company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the
requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will
register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

9 

Where
the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the
directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they
are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (1) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited
by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated,
and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (2) that no petition or
other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign
company in any jurisdictions; (3) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction
and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (4) that no scheme, order, compromise
or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company
are and continue to be suspended or restricted; and (5) there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit
the merger or consolidation. 

Where
the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required
to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been
met: (1) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not
intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (2) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted
by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or
waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company;
and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; and (3)
that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under
the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction. 

The
Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his or her shares upon their
dissenting to the merger or consolidation in certain circumstances if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, where such rights
apply, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his or her written objection to the merger or consolidation to the
constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment
for his or her shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger
or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written
objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent
company a written notice of his or her intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of
his or her shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days
following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving
company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his or her shares at a price
that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agrees to the price within 30 days following the
date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fails
to agree to a price within such 30-day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30-day period expires, the company (and
any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must
be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their
shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of
the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination
of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not to be available in certain circumstances, for example, to
dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer
quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on
a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company, or in the context of a parent and subsidiary merger. 

Moreover,
Cayman Islands law also has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain
circumstances, such schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held
companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In
the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures of which are more rigorous and take longer to
complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved
by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition
represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either
in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the
meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting
shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected
to approve the arrangement if it is satisfied that: 

we
are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and we have complied with the statutory provisions
as to majority vote; 

10 

the
shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the
arrangement is such as a business-person would reasonably approve; and 

the
arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to
a fraud on the minority. 

If
a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable
to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of U.S. corporations, providing rights
to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares. 

Squeeze-out
Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates
within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on
the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there
is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through other means to
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating
business. 

Shareholders 
Suits . Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class
action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman
Islands courts have confirmed the availability of such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on
a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder.
However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority
and applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes
that have actually been obtained; or 

those
who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A
shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about
to be infringed. 

Enforcement
of Civil Liabilitie s. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United
States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal
courts of the United States. 

We
have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely
(1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the
federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities
against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as
the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in
the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign
money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain
conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a
liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the
same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to
natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to
public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

11 

Special
Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies
Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the
Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. 

The
requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed
below: 

an
exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an
exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an
exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an
exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an
exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 30
years in the first instance); 

an
exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an
exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an
exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited
liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the
company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper
purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until
the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman
Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (1) at least two-thirds (or any higher
threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice
specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s
articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend
and vote at a shareholders meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating
to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of at least 90 of our
ordinary shares voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

12 

Our
initial shareholders (excluding the EBC founders shares), may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

if
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months,
as described below) from the closing of our initial public offering, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the public shares, at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

if
we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we may, by resolution of
our board of directors at the option of our sponsor, extend the period of time we will have to consummate an initial business combination
by up to an additional three months, (for a total of up 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering), subject to our
sponsor contributing 0.10 per unit to the trust account in the form of a non-interest bearing loan which would be repaid upon consummation
of an initial business combination. Our shareholders will not be entitled to vote on, or redeem their shares in connection with, such
an extension. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, in order to extend the period
of time to consummate an initial business combination in such a manner, our sponsor must deposit 1,000,000, or up to 1,145,000 depending
on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised, into the trust account on or prior to the date of
the deadline, for three-month extension. This feature is different than many other special purpose acquisition companies, in which any
extension of the company s period to consummate an initial business combination would require a vote of the company s shareholders
and in connection with such vote shareholders would have the right to redeem their public shares; 

prior
to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from
the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination
beyond 15 months (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months, as described above) from the closing of our
initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

in
the event we enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers
(which we currently do not intend to do), we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm, or from an independent accounting firm, that such a business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view; 

if
a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act; 

in
the event our units are listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with
a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the
trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

if
our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public
shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 15 months (extendable at our sponsor s option to up to 18 months, as described above) from the closing of our
initial offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such
approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares; and 

13 

we
will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination. 

The
Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares. A company s articles of association
may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to
our initial public offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any
action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval
and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee
benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares could render more
difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Shares
Eligible for Future Sale 

We
have 12,543,417 ordinary shares outstanding. Of these shares, the 11,450,000 Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering
are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our
affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining shares are restricted securities under Rule
144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. All of those shares will not be transferable until
they are released except in limited circumstances described elsewhere in the prospectus relating to our initial public offering. 

Rule
144 

A
person who has beneficially owned restricted Class A ordinary shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their
securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three
months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before
the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted Class A ordinary shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at
the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person
would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 
of the number of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which equals 114,500 shares; and 

the
average weekly trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form
144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information
about us. 

14 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Historically,
the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are,
or previously were, blank check companies, like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above
by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition,
however, if the following conditions are met: 

the
issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months
(or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at
least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as
an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule 144, our sponsor will be able to sell its founders shares freely without registration one
year after we have completed our initial business combination assuming it is not an affiliate of ours at that time. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founders shares and EBC founders shares issued and outstanding on the date of the prospectus relating to our initial public
offering, as well as the holders of the private warrants and any warrants our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may be
issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant
to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of our initial public offering. The holders of a majority of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders shares can elect
to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these Class B ordinary shares are
to be released from their transfer restrictions. 

The
holders of a majority of the EBC founders shares, private warrants and warrants issued to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time
after we consummate a business combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. may only make a demand on
one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial
public offering. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination; provided, however, that EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. may participate in a piggy-back 
registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of our registration statement relating to our initial
public offering. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants have been approved for trading on Nasday under the symbols LIVBU, LIVB 
and LIVBW, respectively. 

15 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_livcapacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14(A)
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Alexander R. Rossi, certify that:

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. 
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. [Omitted]; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Alexander R. Rossi 

Name: 
 Alexander R. Rossi 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_livcapacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14(A)
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LIV Capital
Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. [Omitted]; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero 

Name: 
 Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_livcapacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of LIV Capital
Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alexander R. Rossi, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Alexander R. Rossi 

Name: 
 Alexander R. Rossi 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_livcapacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of LIV
Capital Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1. 
 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero 

Name: 
 Luis Rodrigo Clemente Gamero 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 livb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 livb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 livb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 livb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 livb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

