<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230630_10-K_edgar_data_1438461_0001640334-23-001168.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2573087</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>161660</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>551658</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>604002</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>494215</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>710034</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-001168.hdr.sgml : 20230630
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230630105911
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-001168
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230630
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230630

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yinfu Gold Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001438461
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS METAL ORES [1090]
		IRS NUMBER:				208531222
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-152242
		FILM NUMBER:		231060175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		DONGFANG SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANSION
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2313, NANSHAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-755-8316-0998

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		DONGFANG SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANSION
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2313, NANSHAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Element92 Resources Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080624

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-001168.txt : 20230630

10-K
 1
 elre_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

elre_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (86) - (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered OTCQB As of June 30, 2023, we have shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share issued and outstanding. Yinfu Gold Corporation Form 10-K March 31, 2023 Table of Contents Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 Part I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 6 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 20 Item 2. Properties 20 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 20 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 21 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 23 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 26 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 27 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 28 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 28 Item 9B. Other Information 29 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 29 Item 11. Executive Compensation 32 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 33 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 34 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 34 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 35 Signatures 36 2 Table of Contents PART I CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, statements regarding our business strategy, future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words expects , anticipates , intends , believes and similar language. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the sections Business , Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . You should carefully review the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. All references in this Form 10-K to the Company , Yinfu , we , us or our are to Yinfu Gold Corporation. Item 1. Business Corporate Overview Yinfu Gold Corporation (the Company is a Wyoming corporation incorporated on September 1, 2005, as a for-profit company, and has a fiscal year end of March 31. The Company s business office is located at Suite 2313, Dongfang Science and Technology Mansion, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China 518000. The telephone number is (86)755-8316-0998. The Company has limited cash on hand. We have sustained losses for year ended March 31, 2023 and has relied solely upon the funding obtained from management and significant stockholders. Name Change The Company was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming as Ace Lock Security, Inc. On March 5, 2007, we filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Wyoming Secretary of State to change our name from Ace Lock Security, Inc. to Element92 Resources Corp. On August 16, 2010, we filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Wyoming Secretary of State to change our name from Element92 Resources Corp. to Yinfu Gold Corporation. On November 18, 2010, we received a notification from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA that the name change was effective. Change in Authorized Capital On December 8, 2014, the Company increased the authorized capital from 1,000,000,000 common shares to 3,000,000,000 common shares. 3 Table of Contents Reverse Split The record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to consent to the 1 for 100 Reverse Split was October 17, 2016 (the Record Date ). As of that date, we had pre-reverse split shares of 991,770,361 issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001. Each share of our common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote on each matter that may come before a meeting or vote of our stockholders. The Reverse Split was approved by the holders of a majority of our stock entitled to vote on the Record Date. The vote required to approve the Reverse Split was 50 of the shares entitled to vote plus one vote, a simple majority. The actual affirmative vote was 58.84 of the issued shares. On November 9, 2016, we filed a Schedule 14C with Securities and Exchange Commission. On February 16, 2017, the Company received a notification from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA that our application for Reverse Split was approved by FINRA and the market effective date was February 17, 2017. The post-split total shares outstanding is 9,917,592 shares (pre-reverse split 1-for-5 shares) with the fractional shares rounded to the next whole share. On November 16, 2021, the board of directors approved a 5-in-1 reverse stock split for the Company s common stock while waiting for approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA as of this Annual Report filing. The reverse stock split was retrospectively reflected throughout the consolidated financial statements and footnotes. The post-split total shares outstanding is 1,983,518 shares with the fractional shares rounded to the next whole share. Acquisition and disposition On April 11, 2017, we acquired Yinfu Gold International Holdings Limited HK ), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, and HK s subsidiary, Yinfu International Holdings Limited WOFE ), a wholly owned foreign enterprise incorporated in the People s Republic of China. The acquired entities are owned by the Company s management; therefore, the transaction has been accounted for as a business combination under common control in accordance to ASC-805-30-5, in which the assets and liabilities of HK and WOFE have been presented at their carrying values at the date of the transaction. . The Company has no present plans to be acquired or to merge with another company, nor does the Company, nor any of its shareholders, have plans to enter into a change of control or similar transaction. Current Business The Company was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming as Ace Lock Security, Inc. The Company was established as an exploration stage company engaged in the search for commercially viable minerals. We no longer pursue opportunities related to the exploration of minerals. Our name changed to Yinfu Gold Corporation, as filed with the State of Wyoming on November 18, 2010, signified that we have commenced working toward a major change in our business plan and business model. Effective November 20, 2014, the Company executed a Sale and Purchase Agreement (the Agreement to acquire 100 of the shares and assets of China Enterprise Overseas Investment Finance Group Limited CEI ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company has agreed to issue 1,599,982 restricted common shares of the Company to the owners of CEI. In connection with the acquisition, the Company acquired the domain http://www.dahuacheng.com with a customer database consisting of 31 million members as of November 17, 2014. 4 Table of Contents Pursuant to the Agreement, on or before January 1, 2015, CEI was to deliver to the Company, duly authorized, properly and fully executed documents in English, evidencing and confirming the sale of 100 of the shares of CEI and its assets, specifically detailing the assets and an asset valuation prepared by an independent professionally qualified valuator. The valuation report was received by the Company on January 28, 2015. Additionally, the Agreement stated that both parties agreed that all the shares, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreement, shall be issued as soon as practicable following the signing of the agreement, but all the shares so issued were to be held in escrow until all terms and conditions are fulfilled. As of the date of this filing, the various terms and conditions of the Agreement have been fulfilled on January 28, 2015, therefore, the share certificates representing the shares have been issued in the names of the CEI shareholders and the Agreement between the Company and CEI was closed on January 28, 2015. Currently, we do not yet have a source of revenue. We are not able to fund our cash requirements through our current operations. Historically, we were able to raise a limited amount of capital through a private placement of our equity stock and through loans from our president, but we are uncertain about our continued ability to obtain adequate capital to fund operating losses until we become profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations, our shareholders may lose some or all of their investment and our business may fail. Our president and directors continue to provide their labor at current salary . When we are able to do so, we plan to hire up to 20 staff members during the next 12 months of operation, and will also rely on the services of independent professionals for the auditing, evaluation and legal requirements for our listing business. Markets We are working to enter into new-emerging application industries of Internet Technology, Artificial Intelligence(AI) and the Internet of Things(IOT). Competition Barrier to entry in the industry is low and there are many competitors. Our competitors have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than we do. There are no assurances that our efforts to compete in the marketplace will be successful. Seasonality The nature of our future products and services does not appear to be affected by seasonal variations. Government Regulations Other than the required adherence to general business laws and regulatory disclosure, our services do not appear to be affected by any specific additional regulations. However, this does not preclude the possibility that governments where we operate or may eventually operate will not institute regulations that will make our company difficult or impossible to operate. Intellectual Property We currently hold rights to a registered database with 31 million members, and we have not filed for copyright or trademark protection for our name or services. 5 Table of Contents Research and Development We have spent no time on specialized research and development activities, and have no plans to undertake any research or development in the future. Environmental Matters Our operations are not subject to environmental laws, including any laws addressing air and water pollution and management of hazardous substances and wastes and we do not anticipate capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Employees We currently have eight employees, including our president and directors who serve without remuneration. To the best of our knowledge, we are in compliance with local prevailing wage regulations. None of our employees is represented by any collective bargaining agreement, and our relationship with our employees is good. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We are required to file quarterly, annual and current reports. The Company files its reports electronically with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other electronic information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before investing in our securities, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information in this filing before deciding to purchase our common stock. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or future operating results could be materially harmed. In that case, the price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Relating to Doing Business in the PRC PRC regulations relating to investments in offshore companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC-resident beneficial owners or our PRC subsidiaries to liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries or limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits. In July 2014, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, which replaces the previous SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents, including PRC individuals and PRC corporate entities, to register with SAFE or its local branches in connection with their direct or indirect offshore investment activities. SAFE Circular 37 is applicable to our shareholders who are PRC residents and may be applicable to any offshore acquisitions that we may make in the future. Under SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who make, or have prior to the implementation of SAFE Circular 37 made, direct or indirect investments in offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, are required to register such investments with SAFE or its local branches. In addition, any PRC resident who is a direct or indirect shareholder of an SPV, is required to update its registration with the local branch of SAFE with respect to that SPV, to reflect any material change. Moreover, any subsidiary of such SPV in China is required to urge the PRC resident shareholders to update their registration with the local branch of SAFE to reflect any material change. If any PRC resident shareholder of such SPV fails to make the required registration or to update the registration, the subsidiary of such SPV in China may be prohibited from distributing its profits or the proceeds from any capital reduction, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, and the SPV may also be prohibited from making additional capital contributions into its subsidiaries in China. In February 2015, SAFE promulgated a Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange Administration Policy on Direct Investment, or SAFE Notice 13. Under SAFE Notice 13, applications for foreign exchange registration of inbound foreign direct investments and outbound direct investments, including those required under SAFE Circular 37, must be filed with qualified banks instead of SAFE. Qualified banks should examine the applications and accept registrations under the supervision of SAFE. We have used our best efforts to notify PRC residents or entities who directly or indirectly hold shares in our holding company and who are known to us as being PRC residents to complete the foreign exchange registrations. However, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents or entities holding direct or indirect interest in our company, nor can we compel our beneficial owners to comply with SAFE registration requirements. We cannot assure you that all other shareholders or beneficial owners of ours who are PRC residents or entities have complied with, and will in the future make, obtain or update any applicable registrations or approvals required by SAFE regulations. Failure by such shareholders or beneficial owners to comply with SAFE regulations, or failure by us to amend the foreign exchange registrations of our PRC subsidiaries, could subject us to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to make distributions or pay dividends to us or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. Furthermore, as these foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and implementation has been constantly evolving, it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border investments and transactions, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. For example, we may be subject to a more stringent review and approval process with respect to our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we have complied or will be able to comply with all applicable foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations. In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company, we cannot assure you that we or the owners of such company, as the case may be, will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete the necessary filings and registrations required by the foreign exchange regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and could adversely affect our business and prospects. 6 Table of Contents As a holding company with PRC subsidiaries, we may transfer funds to our Affiliate Entities or finance our operating entity by means of loans or capital contributions. Any capital contributions or loans that we, as an offshore entity, make to our Company s PRC subsidiaries are subject to the above PRC regulations. We may not be able to obtain necessary government registrations or approvals on a timely basis, if at all. If we fail to obtain such approvals or make such registration, our ability to make equity contributions or provide loans to our Company s PRC subsidiaries or to fund their operations may be negatively affected, which may adversely affect their liquidity and ability to fund their working capital and expansion projects and meet their obligations and commitments. As a result, our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business may be negatively affected. Changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon our ability to operate profitably in the PRC. We conduct all of our operations and all of our future revenue is supposed to be generated in the PRC. Accordingly, economic, political and legal developments in the PRC will significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on economic conditions in the PRC and the ability of businesses to operate profitably. Our ability to operate profitably in the PRC may be adversely affected by changes in policies by the PRC government, including changes in laws, regulations or their interpretation, particularly those dealing with the Internet, including censorship and other restriction on material which can be transmitted over the Internet, security, intellectual property, money laundering, taxation and other laws that affect our ability to operate our website. PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain and any changes in such laws and regulations may impair our ability to survive or operate profitable in the near future. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our business and the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers in certain circumstances. The laws and regulations are sometimes vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official interpretation and enforcement may involve substantial uncertainty. The effectiveness and interpretation of newly enacted laws or regulations, including amendments to existing laws and regulations, may be delayed, and our business may be affected if we rely on laws and regulations which are subsequently adopted or interpreted in a manner different from our understanding of these laws and regulations. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our business. There are uncertainties under the PRC laws relating to the procedures for U.S. regulators to investigate and collect evidence from companies located in the PRC. According to Article 177 of the newly amended PRC Securities Law which became effective in March 2020 (the Article 177 ), the securities regulatory authority of the PRC State Council may collaborate with securities regulatory authorities of other countries or regions in order to monitor and oversee cross border securities activities. Article 177 further provides that overseas securities regulatory authorities are not allowed to carry out investigation and evidence collection directly within the territory of the PRC, and that any Chinese entities and individuals are not allowed to provide documents or materials related to securities business activities to overseas agencies without prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the PRC State Council and the competent departments of the PRC State Council. Our PRC counsel has advised us of their understanding that (i) the Article 177 is applicable in the limited circumstances related to direct investigation or evidence collection conducted by overseas authorities within the territory of the PRC (in such case, the foregoing activities are required to be conducted through collaboration with or by obtaining prior consent of competent Chinese authorities); (ii) the Article 177 does not limit or prohibit the Company, as a company duly incorporated in Wyoming and to be listed on Nasdaq, from providing the required documents or information to Nasdaq or the SEC pursuant to applicable Listing Rules and U.S. securities laws; and (iii) as the Article 177 is relatively new and there is no implementing rules or regulations which have been published regarding application of the Article 177, it remains unclear how the law will be interpreted, implemented or applied by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission or other relevant government authorities. As of the date hereof, we are not aware of any implementing rules or regulations which have been published regarding application of Article 177. However, we cannot assure you that relevant PRC government agencies, including the securities regulatory authority of the PRC State Council, would reach the same conclusion as we do. As such, there are uncertainties as to the procedures and time requirement for the U.S. regulators to bring about investigations and evidence collection within the territory of the PRC. 7 Table of Contents Our principal business operation is conducted in the PRC. In the event that the U.S. regulators carry out investigation on us and there is a need to conduct investigation or collect evidence within the territory of the PRC, the U.S. regulators may not be able to carry out such investigation or evidence collection directly in the PRC under the PRC laws. The U.S. regulators may consider cross-border cooperation with securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial assistance, diplomatic channels or regulatory cooperation mechanism established with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC. Because our business is conducted in RMB and the price of our shares of common stock is quoted in United States dollars, changes in currency conversion rates may affect the value of your investments. Our business is conducted in the PRC, our books and records are maintained in RMB, which is the currency of the PRC, and the financial statements that we file with the SEC and provide to our shareholders are presented in United States dollars. Changes in the exchange rate between the RMB and dollar affect the value of our assets and the results of our operations in United States dollars. The value of the RMB against the United States dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s political and economic conditions and perceived changes in the economy of the PRC and the United States. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, revenue and financial condition. Changes in the conversion rate between the United States dollar and the RMB will affect that amount of proceeds we will have available for our business. Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the EIT Law, we may be classified as a resident enterprise of China, which could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. The EIT Law and its implementing rules provide that enterprises established outside of China whose de facto management bodies are located in China are considered resident enterprises under PRC tax laws. The implementing rules promulgated under the EIT Law define the term de facto management bodies as a management body which substantially manages, or has control over the business, personnel, finance and assets of an enterprise. In April 2009, the State Administration of Taxation, or SAT, issued a circular, known as Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management bodies of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China. However, there are no further detailed rules or precedents governing the procedures and specific criteria for determining de facto management body. Although our board of directors and management are located in the PRC, it is unclear if the PRC tax authorities would determine that we should be classified as a PRC resident enterprise. If we are deemed as a PRC resident enterprise, we will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on our worldwide income at a uniform tax rate of 25 , although dividends distributed to us from our existing PRC subsidiary and any other PRC subsidiaries which we may establish from time to time could be exempt from the PRC dividend withholding tax due to our PRC resident recipient status. This could have a material and adverse effect on our overall effective tax rate, our income tax expenses and our net income. Furthermore, dividends, if any, paid to our shareholders may be decreased as a result of the decrease in distributable profits. In addition, if we were considered a PRC resident enterprise , any dividends we pay to our non-PRC investors and the gains realized from the transfer of our shares of common stock may be considered income derived from sources within the PRC and be subject to PRC tax, at a rate of 10 in the case of non-PRC enterprises or 20 in the case of non-PRC individuals (in each case, subject to the provisions of any applicable tax treaty). It is unclear whether holders of our shares of common stock would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise. This could have a material and adverse effect on the value of your investment in us and on the price of our shares of common stock. 8 Table of Contents There are significant uncertainties under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable by our PRC subsidiary to our offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. Under the PRC EIT Law and its implementation rules, the profits of a foreign invested enterprise generated through operations, which are distributed to its immediate holding company outside the PRC, will be subject to a withholding tax rate of 10 . Pursuant to a special arrangement between Hong Kong and the PRC, such rate may be reduced to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns more than 25 of the equity interest in the PRC company. Our PRC subsidiary is wholly-owned by our Hong Kong subsidiary. Moreover, under the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues regarding the Administration of the Dividend Provision in Tax Treaties promulgated on February 20, 2009, the tax payer needs to satisfy certain conditions to enjoy the benefits under a tax treaty. These beneficial owner of the relevant dividends, and (2) the corporate shareholder to receive dividends from the PRC subsidiary must have continuously met the direct ownership thresholds during the 12 consecutive months preceding the receipt of the dividends. Further, the State Administration of Taxation promulgated the Notice on How to Understand and Recognize the Beneficial Owner in Tax Treaties on October 27, 2009, which limits the beneficial owner to individuals, projects or other organizations normally engaged in substantive operations, and sets forth certain detailed factors in determining the beneficial owner status. In current practice, a Hong Kong enterprise must obtain a tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority to apply for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. As of the date of this annual report, we have not commenced the application process for a Hong Kong tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority, and there is no assurance that we will be granted such a Hong Kong tax resident certificate. Even after we obtain the Hong Kong tax resident certificate, we are required by applicable tax laws and regulations to file required forms and materials with relevant PRC tax authorities to prove that we can enjoy 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. We intend to obtain the required materials and file with the relevant tax authorities when it plans to declare and pay dividends, but there is no assurance that the PRC tax authorities will approve the 5 withholding tax rate. U.S. regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China. Any disclosure of documents or information located in China by foreign agencies may be subject to jurisdiction constraints and must comply with China s state secrecy laws, which broadly define the scope of state secrets to include matters involving economic interests and technologies. There is no guarantee that requests from U.S. federal or state regulators or agencies to investigate or inspect our operations will be honored by us, by entities who provide services to us or with whom we associate, without violating PRC legal requirements, especially as those entities are located in China. Furthermore, under the current PRC laws, an on-site inspection of our facilities by any of these regulators may be limited or prohibited. The PRC Securities Law was promulgated in December 1998 and was subsequently revised in October 2005, June 2013, August 2014 and December 2019. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. While there is no detailed interpretation regarding the rule implementation under Article 177, it will be difficult for an overseas securities regulator to conduct investigation or evidence collection activities in China. 9 Table of Contents If we become directly subject to the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations, stock price and reputation. U.S. public companies that have substantially all of their operations in China have been the subject of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity by investors, financial commentators and regulatory agencies, such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity has centered on financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes, a lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting, inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, the publicly traded stock of many U.S. listed Chinese companies sharply decreased in value and, in some cases, has become virtually worthless. Many of these companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions and are conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations. It is not clear what effect this sector-wide scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity will have on us, our business and our stock price. If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations, whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue, we will have to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend our company. This situation will be costly and time consuming and distract our management from developing our growth. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless, we and our business operations will be severely affected and you could sustain a significant decline in the value of our stock. The disclosures in our reports, other filings with the SEC and our other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of any regulatory bodies in the PRC. We are regulated by the SEC and our reports and other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Our SEC reports and other disclosure and public pronouncements are not subject to the review or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For example, the disclosure in our SEC reports and other filings are not subject to the review by China Securities Regulatory Commission, a PRC regulator that is responsible for oversight of the capital markets in China. Accordingly, you should review our SEC reports, filings and our other public pronouncements with the understanding that no local regulator has done any review of us, our SEC reports, other filings or any of our other public pronouncements. Changes in China s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our principal office and planed business are located in China. Accordingly, our planed business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally and by continued economic growth in China as a whole. The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the Chinese government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still owned by the government. In addition, the Chinese government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The Chinese government also exercises significant control over China s economic growth through allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. While the Chinese economy has experienced significant growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy but may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. In addition, in the past the Chinese government has implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in China, and since 2012, China s economic growth has slowed down. Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 10 Table of Contents Uncertainties in the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available to us. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes and prior court decisions have limited value as precedents. Since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties. Although we have taken measures to comply with the laws and regulations that are applicable to our business operations, including the regulatory principles raised by the CBRC, and avoiding conducting any activities that may be deemed as illegal fund-raising, forming capital pool or providing guarantee to investors under the current applicable laws and regulations, the PRC government authority may promulgate new laws and regulations regulating the direct lending service industry in the future. We cannot assure you that our practices would not be deemed to violate any PRC laws or regulations relating to illegal fund-raising, forming capital pools or the provision of credit enhancement services. Moreover, we cannot rule out the possibility that the PRC government will institute a license requirement covering our industry at some point in the future. If such a licensing regime were introduced, we cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain any newly required license in a timely manner, or at all, which could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations. From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights. However, since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy, than in more developed legal systems. Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published in a timely manner or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights, could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operation. The relevant business currently carried out by our PRC subsidiaries and our investment in the PRC subsidiaries currently are not subject to the national security review under applicable PRC laws and regulations. However, if our future business operations or potential mergers and acquisitions we enter into in the PRC are related to material infrastructure or other national security sensitive areas or industries involving certain key technologies, national security review requirements will likely apply and the review result that is in compliance with PRC laws should be definitive. It remains unclear when the specific implementation measures of the Foreign Investment Law will be issued by the State Council. Given the uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law, its application may require further rules to be issued by Chinese government, which may incur and increase our compliance costs and expenses and accordingly our financial condition and operation will be adversely affected. We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of internet-related businesses and companies, and any lack of requisite approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The PRC government extensively regulates the internet industry, including foreign ownership of, and the licensing and permit requirements pertaining to, companies in the internet industry. These internet-related laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainties. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations. The evolving PRC regulatory system for the internet industry may lead to the establishment of new regulatory agencies. For example, in May 2011, the State Council announced the establishment of a new department, the State Internet Information Office (with the involvement of the State Council Information Office, the MITT, and the Ministry of Public Security). The primary role of this new agency is to facilitate the policy-making and legislative development in this field, to direct and coordinate with the relevant departments in connection with online content administration and to deal with cross-ministry regulatory matters in relation to the internet industry. 11 Table of Contents The Circular on Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Investment in and Operation of Value-added Telecommunications Business, issued by the MITT in July 2006, prohibits domestic telecommunication service providers from leasing, transferring or selling telecommunications business operating licenses to any foreign investor in any form, or providing any resources, sites or facilities to any foreign investor for their illegal operation of a telecommunications business in China. According to this circular, either the holder of a value-added telecommunication services operation permit or its shareholders must directly own the domain names and trademarks used by such license holders in their provision of value-added telecommunication services. The circular also requires each license holder to have the necessary facilities, including servers, for its approved business operations and to maintain such facilities in the regions covered by its license. If an ICP License holder fails to comply with the requirements and also fails to remedy such non-compliance within a specified period of time, the MITT or its local counterparts have the discretion to take administrative measures against such license holder, including revoking its ICP License. The interpretation and application of existing PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible new laws, regulations or policies relating to the internet industry have created substantial uncertainties regarding the legality of existing and future foreign investments in, and the businesses and activities of, internet businesses in China, including our business. We cannot assure you that we have obtained all the permits or licenses required for conducting our business in China or will be able to maintain our existing licenses or obtain new ones. If the PRC government considers that we were operating without the proper approvals, licenses or permits or promulgates new laws and regulations that require additional approvals or licenses or imposes additional restrictions on the operation of any part of our business, it has the power, among other things, to levy fines, confiscate our income, revoke our business licenses, and require us to discontinue our relevant business or impose restrictions on the affected portion of our business. Any of these actions by the PRC government may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using proceeds from future financing activities to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries. In July 2014, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, which replaces the previous SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents, including PRC individuals and PRC corporate entities, to register with SAFE or its local branches in connection with their direct or indirect offshore investment activities. SAFE Circular 37 is applicable to our shareholders who are PRC residents and may be applicable to any offshore acquisitions that we may make in the future. Under SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who make, or have prior to the implementation of SAFE Circular 37 made, direct or indirect investments in offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, are required to register such investments with SAFE or its local branches. In addition, any PRC resident who is a direct or indirect shareholder of an SPV, is required to update its registration with the local branch of SAFE with respect to that SPV, to reflect any material change. Moreover, any subsidiary of such SPV in China is required to urge the PRC resident shareholders to update their registration with the local branch of SAFE to reflect any material change. If any PRC resident shareholder of such SPV fails to make the required registration or to update the registration, the subsidiary of such SPV in China may be prohibited from distributing its profits or the proceeds from any capital reduction, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, and the SPV may also be prohibited from making additional capital contributions into its subsidiaries in China. In February, 2015, SAFE promulgated a Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange Administration Policy on Direct Investment, or SAFE Notice 13. Under SAFE Notice 13, applications for foreign exchange registration of inbound foreign direct investments and outbound direct investments, including those required under SAFE Circular 37, must be filed with qualified banks instead of SAFE. Qualified banks should examine the applications and accept registrations under the supervision of SAFE. We have used our best efforts to notify PRC residents or entities who directly or indirectly hold shares in our Nevada holding company and who are known to us as being PRC residents to complete the foreign exchange registrations. However, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents or entities holding direct or indirect interest in our company, nor can we compel our beneficial owners to comply with SAFE registration requirements. We cannot assure you that all other shareholders or beneficial owners of ours who are PRC residents or entities have complied with, and will in the future make, obtain or update any applicable registrations or approvals required by, SAFE regulations. Failure by such shareholders or beneficial owners to comply with SAFE regulations, or failure by us to amend the foreign exchange registrations of our PRC subsidiaries, could subject us to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, and limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to make distributions or pay dividends to us or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. 12 Table of Contents Furthermore, as these foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and implementation has been constantly evolving, it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border investments and transactions, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. For example, we may be subject to a more stringent review and approval process with respect to our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we have complied or will be able to comply with all applicable foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations. In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company, we cannot assure you that we or the owners of such company, as the case may be, will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete the necessary filings and registrations required by the foreign exchange regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and could adversely affect our business and prospects. We may decide to finance our PRC subsidiary by means of capital contributions. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested enterprises in China, these capital contributions are subject to registration with or approval by the MOFCOM or its local counterparts. In addition, the PRC government also restricts the convertibility of foreign currencies into Renminbi and use of the proceeds. On March 30, 2015, SAFE promulgated Circular 19, which took effect and replaced certain previous SAFE regulations from June 1, 2015. SAFE further promulgated Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, which, among other things, amend certain provisions of Circular 19. According to SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16, the flow and use of the Renminbi capital converted from foreign currency denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company is regulated such that Renminbi capital may not be used for business beyond its business scope or to provide loans to persons other than affiliates unless otherwise permitted under its business scope. Violations of the applicable circulars and rules may result in severe penalties, including substantial fines as set forth in the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations. These circulars may limit our ability to transfer the net proceeds from this offering to our PRC subsidiary, and we may not be able to convert the net proceeds from this offering into Renminbi to invest in or acquire any other PRC companies in China. In light of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans to our PRC subsidiary or future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiary. If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds we expect to receive from future funding and to fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain. Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system, including those regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes, with little advance notice, in laws and regulations in China could adversely affect us and limit the legal protections available to you and us. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our business and the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers in certain circumstances. The laws and regulations are sometimes vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official interpretation and enforcement could be unpredictable, with little advance notice. The effectiveness and interpretation of newly enacted laws or regulations, including amendments to existing laws and regulations, may be delayed, and our business may be affected if we rely on laws and regulations which are subsequently adopted or interpreted in a manner different from our understanding of these laws and regulations. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our business. Our WFOE, Yinfu International Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries are formed under and governed by the laws of the PRC. The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited for reference, but have limited precedential value. Since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and the enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties. 13 Table of Contents In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing economic matters in general, such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance, commerce, taxation and trade. The overall effect of legislation over the past three decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, since the PRC legal system continues to evolve rapidly, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties and sudden changes, sometimes with little advance notice. As a significant part of our business is conducted in China, our operations are principally governed by PRC laws and regulations, which may limit legal protections available to us. Uncertainties due to evolving laws and regulations could also impede the ability of a China-based company, such as our company, to obtain or maintain permits or licenses required to conduct business in China. In the absence of required permits or licenses, governmental authorities could impose material sanctions or penalties on us. In addition, some regulatory requirements issued by certain PRC government authorities may not be consistently applied by other PRC government authorities (including local government authorities), thus making strict compliance with all regulatory requirements impractical, or in some circumstances impossible. For example, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce the legal protection that we enjoy either by law or contract. However, since PRC administrative and court authorities have discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to predict the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all and may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of any of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business and may intervene or influence our operations as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. The PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding our industry that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and other capital markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies like us. Any such action, once taken by the PRC government, could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. Furthermore, if China adopts more stringent standards with respect to certain areas such as environmental protection or corporate social responsibilities, we may incur increased compliance costs or become subject to additional restrictions in our operations. Certain areas of the law, including intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in China may also not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. In addition, we cannot predict the effects of future developments in the PRC legal system on our business operations, including the promulgation of new laws, or changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us and our investors, including you. We may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. We may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. In particular, there are numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection, sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data. Such laws and regulations often vary in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. 14 Table of Contents We expect to obtain information about various aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees and third parties. We also maintain information about various aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data is critical to our business. Our customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. We are required by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard such information. The PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. On November 7, 2016, the Standing Committee of the PRC National People s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security Law, which became effective on June 1, 2017. Pursuant to the Cyber Security Law, network operators must not, without users consent, collect their personal information, and may only collect users personal information necessary to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance for their products and services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated under the relevant laws and regulations. The Civil Code of the PRC (issued by the PRC National People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides main legal basis for privacy and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the Cyberspace Administration of China, MIIT, and the Ministry of Public Security have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection. The PRC regulatory requirements regarding cybersecurity are constantly evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including the Cyberspace Administration of China, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR, have enforced data privacy and protection laws and regulations with varying and evolving standards and interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into effect on June 1, 2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. In November 2016, the Standing Committee of China s National People s Congress passed China s first Cybersecurity Law CSL ), which became effective in June 2017. The CSL is the first PRC law that systematically lays out the regulatory requirements on cybersecurity and data protection, subjecting many previously under-regulated or unregulated activities in cyberspace to government scrutiny. The legal consequences of violation of the CSL include penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of related business, winding up for rectification, shutting down the websites, and revocation of business license or relevant permits. In April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China and certain other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective in June 2020. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments Draft Measures ), which required that, in addition to operator of critical information infrastructure, any data processor carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others, (i) the risk of core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited the country; and (ii) the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being affected, controlled, or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace Administration of China has said that under the proposed rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity approval when seeking listings in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information could be affected, controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign governments, The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national security risks from overseas IPOs. We do not know what regulations will be adopted or how such regulations will affect us and our listing on Nasdaq. In the event that the Cyberspace Administration of China determines that we are subject to these regulations, we may be required to delist from Nasdaq and we may be subject to fines and penalties. On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the NPC promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which will take effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law also sets forth the data security protection obligations for entities and individuals handling personal data, including that no entity or individual may acquire such data by stealing or other illegal means, and the collection and use of such data should not exceed the necessary limits The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, CSL and any other cybersecurity and related laws may limit the use and adoption of our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business. Further, if the enacted version of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review mandates clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be completed by companies like us, we face uncertainties as to whether such clearance can be timely obtained, or at all. 15 Table of Contents If the new PRC Data Security Law is enacted in September, we will not be subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC for future offering, given that: (i) our products and services are offered not directly to individual users but through our institutional customers; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations; and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the Draft Measures will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the Draft Measures. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation comes into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. We cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that we can fully or timely comply with such laws. In the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific actions required by the CAC, we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given such uncertainty, we may be further required to suspend our relevant business, shut down our website, or face other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The recent joint statement by the SEC and PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to our future offering. On April 21, 2020, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton and PCAOB Chairman William D. Duhnke III, along with other senior SEC staff, released a joint statement highlighting the risks associated with investing in companies based in or have substantial operations in emerging markets including China. The joint statement emphasized the risks associated with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers in China and higher risks of fraud in emerging markets. 16 Table of Contents On May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating in Restrictive Market , (ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or board of director for Restrictive Market companies, and (iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the qualifications of the company s auditors. On May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requiring a foreign company to certify it is not owned or controlled by a foreign government if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the company uses a foreign auditor not subject to PCAOB inspection. If the PCAOB is unable to inspect the company s auditors for three consecutive years, the issuer s securities are prohibited to trade on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. On December 2, 2020, the U.S. House of Representatives approved the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act. On December 18, 2020, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act was signed into law. On March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it had adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure requirements of the Act. The interim final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report on Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F or N-CSR with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. The SEC will implement a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction, and will also require disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence on, such a registrant. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two, and thus, would reduce the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted. On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCAA, whether the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong, because of positions taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. The lack of access to the PCAOB inspection in China prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the auditors based in China. As a result, the investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections, which could cause existing and potential investors in our stock to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements. Our auditor, Pan-China Singapore, the independent registered public accounting firm that issued the audit report included in this Annual Report, is subject to PCAOB inspections. Pan-China Singapore is headquartered in Singapore and there are no limitations in Singapore on PCAOB inspections. Therefore, we believe that, as of the date of this Annual Report, our auditor is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021 relating to the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong because of a position taken by one or more authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong. However, to the extent that our auditor s work papers may, in the future, become located in China, such work papers will not be subject to inspection by the PCAOB because the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities. Inspections of certain other firms that the PCAOB has conducted outside of China have identified deficiencies in those firms audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our auditors work papers in China would make it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to PCAOB inspections. As a result, our investors may be deprived of the benefits of the PCAOB s oversight of our auditor through such inspections and they may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements. We cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or other regulatory authorities will apply additional or more stringent criteria to us. Such uncertainty could cause the market price of our Ordinary Shares to be materially and adversely affected. 17 Table of Contents Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA and as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities if it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. The HFCAA, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA states if the SEC determines that a company has filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit such shares from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. On March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. A company will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection year under a process to be subsequently established by the SEC. The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements of the HFCAA, including the listing and trading prohibition requirements described above. Despite that we have a U.S.-based auditor that is registered with the PCAOB and subject to PCAOB inspection, there are still risks to the company and investors if it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. Such risks include, but are not limited to that trading in our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA and as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities. The M A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. The Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, adopted by six PRC regulatory agencies in August 2006 and amended in 2009, and some other regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming and complex, including requirements in some instances that the MOC be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. Moreover, the Anti-Monopoly Law requires that the MOC shall be notified in advance of any concentration of undertaking if certain thresholds are triggered. In addition, the security review rules issued by the MOC that became effective in September 2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national defense and security concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise national security concerns are subject to strict review by the MOC, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the MOC or its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share. Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee stock incentive plans may subject the PRC plan participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions. In February 2012, SAFE promulgated the Notices on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly-Listed Company, replacing earlier rules promulgated in March 2007. Pursuant to these rules, PRC citizens and non-PRC citizens who reside in China for a continuous period of not less than one year who participate in any stock incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed company, subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with SAFE through a domestic qualified agent, which could be the PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures. In addition, an overseas entrusted institution must be retained to handle matters in connection with the exercise or sale of stock options and the purchase or sale of shares and interests. We, our executive officers and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year and who have been granted options or other awards are subject to these regulations. Failure to complete the SAFE registrations may subject them to fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital into our PRC subsidiary and limit our PRC subsidiary ability to distribute dividends to us. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional incentive plans for our directors, executive officers and employees under PRC law. 18 Table of Contents Regulatory bodies of the United States may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China. From time to time, the Company may receive requests from certain U.S. agencies to investigate or inspect the Company s operations or to otherwise provide information. While the Company will be compliant with these requests from these regulators, there is no guarantee that such requests will be honored by those entities who provide services to us or with whom we associate, especially as those entities are located in China. Furthermore, an on-site inspection of our facilities by any of these regulators may be limited or entirely prohibited. Such inspections, though permitted by the Company and its affiliates, are subject to the capricious nature of Chinese enforcers and may therefore be impossible to facilitate. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Currently, there is a limited trading market for our common stock, which may adversely impact your ability to sell your shares and the price you receive. There is currently a limited trading market for our common stock and a more active trading market for our common stock may never develop or be sustained. The market price of our common stock may be significantly affected by factors such as actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, general market conditions and other factors. In addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market prices for the shares of developmental stage companies, which may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. These fluctuations may also cause short sellers to enter the market from time to time in the belief that we will have poor results in the future. We cannot predict the actions of market participants and, therefore, can offer no assurances that the market for our common stock will be stable or appreciate over time. Furthermore, for companies such as us whose securities are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or Pink Sheets, it is more difficult (1) to obtain accurate quotations, (2) to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies, and (3) to obtain needed capital. These factors may negatively impact your ability to sell shares of our common stock and the price you receive. Our common stock is deemed to be a penny stock, which may make it more difficult for you to sell your shares. Our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The penny stock rules apply to companies whose common stock is not listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market or another national securities exchange and trades at less than 5.00 per share or that have tangible net worth of less than 5,000,000 2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than established customers complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. Remaining subject to the penny stock rules should be expected to have an adverse effect on the market for our common stock by reducing the number of potential investors. This may make it more difficult for investors in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them. This could cause our stock price to decline. We need to raise additional capital, but that capital may not be available. We cannot assure you that we will be successful or that will generate sufficient revenues in the near future. Currently, we has not generated any revenue and we may encounter difficulty in obtaining these funds and/or credit lines. Moreover, even if additional financing or credit lines were to become available, it is possible that the cost of such funds or credit would be high and possibly prohibitive. If we were to decide to obtain such additional funds by equity financing in one or more private or public offerings, current stockholders would experience a corresponding decrease in their percentage ownership. 19 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. Our principal place of business and corporate offices is located at Suite 2313, Dongfang Science and Technology Mansion, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China 518000. The telephone number is (86)755-8316-0998. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 20 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock is not traded on any exchange but is currently available for trading in the over the counter market and is quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board OTCBB and on the OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol ELRE. Our stock was approved for quotation on the OTCBB in 2007. Trading in stocks quoted on these markets is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. Over the counter securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, these securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. Over-the-counter issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchanges. Trades in our common stock may be subject to Rule 15g 9 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which imposes requirements on broker/dealers who sell securities subject to the rule to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by the rule, broker/dealers must make a special suitability determination for purchasers of the securities and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction before the sale. The SEC also has rules that regulate broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities listed on certain national exchanges, provided that the current price and volume information with respect to transactions in that security is provided by the applicable exchange or system). The penny stock rules require a broker/dealer, before effecting a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker/dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing before effecting the transaction, and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for shares of our common stock. As a result of these rules, investors may find it difficult to sell their shares. 21 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the quarterly high and low bid prices for the common stock from March 31, 2021 to March 31, 2023. The prices set forth below represent inter-dealer quotations, without retail markup, markdown or commission and may not be reflective of actual transactions High Low Quarter ended March 31, 2021 3.8 1.4 Quarter ended June 30, 2021 0.8 0.4 Quarter ended September 30, 2021 0.8 0.2 Quarter ended December 31, 2021 0.8 0.2 Quarter ended March 31, 2022 0.8 0.1 Quarter ended June 30, 2022 3.2 0.8 Quarter ended September 30, 2022 1.9 0.2 Quarter ended December 31, 2022 1.1 0.6 Quarter ended March 31, 2023 1.1 1.1 Holders As of March 31, 2023, there were 1,732 stockholders of record, and an aggregate of 1,983,518 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. The transfer agent of our company s common stock is Transfer Online, Inc. at SE 512 Salmon Street, Portland, OR 97214. Description of Securities The authorized capital stock of our company consists of 3,000,000,000 shares of common stock, at 0.001 par value. Dividend Policy We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors. 22 Table of Contents Equity Compensation Plan Information We do not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance and we do not have any outstanding stock options. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities We did not sell any equity securities, which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended March 31, 2023, that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K filed during the year ended March 31, 2023. Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Item 6. Selected Financial Data As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Item 1A. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Overview Yinfu Gold Corporation (the Company is a Wyoming corporation incorporated on September 1, 2005, under the name Ace Lock Security, Inc. Our name was changed to Yinfu Gold Corporation as of November 18, 2010.We are working to enter into new-emerging application industries of Internet Technology, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IOT). We have had limited operations and based upon our reliance on the sale of our common stock and the advances from our president, there are no assurances of any future source of funds for our operations. Plan of Operation We devote substantial efforts to enter into new-emerging application industries of Internet Technology, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IOT).. However, our planned principal operations have not yet commenced. Need for Additional Capital The Company has not generated enough revenues from operations, and may be unable to fund on-going activities. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, possible delays in developing our own hardware and software, and the possibility of new regulations that will make our company difficult or impossible to operate. 23 Table of Contents If we are unable to meet our needs for cash from either our operations, or possible alternative sources, then we may be unable to continue, develop, or expand our operations. If we are unable to complete any phase of our development program or fail to raise additional capital to maintain our operations in the future, we may be unable to carry out our full business plan or we may be forced to cease operations. Results of Operations We have generated 58,395 in revenues and have incurred 430,382 in expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023. The following table provides selected financial data about our company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. March 31, 202 3 March 31, 202 2 Cash 896 525 Total Assets 12,924 13,321 Total Liabilities 2,620,716 2,457,748 Stockholders Deficit (2,607,792 (2,444,427 As of March 31, 2023, the Company s cash balance was 896 compared to 525 as of March 31, 2022, and our total assets as of March 31, 2023, were 12,924 compared with 13,321 as of March 31, 2022. The decrease in total assets was due to the lessor operating lease right of use asset, net recognized as of March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2023, the Company had total liabilities of 2,620,716 compared with total liabilities of 2,457,748 as of March 31, 2022. The increase in total liabilities was primarily attributed to an increase in related party debt owed to the President of the Company, offset by a decrease in operating lease liabilities - current Year Ended March 31, 202 3 Year Ended March 31, 202 2 Revenue 58,395 - Operating Expenses General and administrative 369,667 416,283 Professional fees 60,715 56,520 Total Operating Expenses 430,382 472,803 Loss from Operations (371,987 (472,803 Revenues The revenue of 58,395 was the consulting income for the Customer s pre-IPO financial counseling provided by the Management. The Company has generated no operating revenues during the year ended March 31, 2022. Operating expenses For the year ended March 31, 2023, total operating expenses were 430,382 which consisted of general and administrative fees and professional fees. For the year ended March 31,2022, total operating expenses were 472,803 which consisted of general and administrative fees and professional fees. The decrease in operating expense was mainly due to the decrease in general and administrative expense which mainly resulted from the decreased management salary for the year ended March 31, 2023. 24 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Working Capital As of March 31, 202 3 As of March 31, 202 2 Current Assets 10,322 6,840 Current Liabilities 2,620,716 2,457,748 Working Capital Deficiency (2,610,394 (2,450,908 As of March 31, 2023, the Company had a working capital deficiency of 2,610,394 compared with working capital deficiency of 2,450,908 as of March 31, 2022. The increase in working capital deficiency was primarily attributed to the increase in current liabilities due to an increase in payable to related party of the Company. Cash Flows Year Ended March 31, 202 3 Year Ended March 31, 202 2 Cash Provided by/(Used in) Operating Activities 47,048 (172,771 Cash Used in Investing Activities - - Cash (Used in)/Provided by Financing Activities (48,216 172,981 Effects on changes in foreign exchange rate 1,539 15 Net Increase in Cash During the Year 371 225 Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company had 47,048 in cash used in operating activities which was mainly attributed to loss from operations of 371,084, a decrease in operating lease liability of 45,967 partially offset by the increase in wage payable to related party of 249,293, compared to cash used in operating activities of 172,771 during the year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in cash used for operating activities was due to the decrease in other receivable and the decrease in net loss for the year ended March 31, 2023. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company had 172,771 in cash used in operating activities which was mainly attributed to loss from operations of 473,220, an increase in other receivable of 4,508 and a decrease in operating lease liability of 74,895 partially offset by the amortization of right-of-use asset of 74,895, the increase in wage payable to related party of 251,778, compared to cash used in operating activities of 348,186 during the year ended March 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used for operating activities was due to the increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and the increase in wage payable to related party for the year ended March 31, 2022. 25 Table of Contents Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company used no cash in investing activities. Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities Financing activities for both 2023 and 2022 mainly referred to the repayment to (proceeds from) related party for operating. Mr. Jiang Libin received net amount of 120,714 from the Company and advanced net amount of 120,541 to the Company for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively. Mr. Huang Jing advanced net amount of 47,680 and 52,440 to the Company for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 26 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. YINFU GOLD CORPORTION AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 (STATED IN U.S. DOLLARS) 27 Table of Contents Content Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Ex-auditor opinion for year ended March 31, 2022 F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficiency F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 - F-16 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Yinfu Gold Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Yinfu Gold Corp. (the Company) as of March 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flow for year ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the result of its operations and its cash flow for the year then ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company had incurred substantial losses during the year, and has a working capital deficit, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regards to these matters are described in Note 3. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The Company conducted transactions with its related parties and affiliates during the normal course of its business in 2023. The Company has entered into a number of transactions with these related parties, including accrued of director remuneration which represented as costs and expenses to the Company. We identified the evaluation of the identification of related parties and related party transactions as a critical audit matter. Auditor judgment was involved in assessing the sufficiency of the procedures performed to identify related parties and related party transactions of the Company. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit We performed the following procedures to evaluate the identification of related parties and related party transactions by the Company: Conducted background checks, and reviewed other public research sources for information related to transactions between the Company and its related parties Performed confirmations for account balances with related parties Reviewed transaction details in the accounts payable system for transactions with related parties Examined the Company s reconciliation of its related parties transactions and balances Tested expenses transactions between the Company and its related parties PAC(6255) Chartered Accountants June 30, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since January 2023 F-2 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Yinfu Gold Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Yinfu Gold Corp. (the Company) as of March 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the year then ended March 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the year then ended March 31, 2022. Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company had incurred substantial losses during the year, and has a working capital deficit, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regards to these matters are described in Note 3. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The Critical Audit Matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ JLKZ CPA LLP JLKZ CPA LLP. Flushing, New York June 29, 2022 We have served as the Company s auditor since December 2018 F-3 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets (Stated in U.S. Dollars) March 31, March 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Other receivables Total current Assets Non-current assets Operating lease right of use asset, net Total non-current assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Short-term loan Short-term loan - related party Accrued interest - related party Operating lease liabilities - current Due to related party Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders' Deficit Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) Total Stockholders' Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-4 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Stated in U.S. Dollars) For Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Revenue,net Total revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit OPERATING EXPENSES: General and administrative Professional fees Total operating expenses Net loss from operations Other Income and (Expense) Interest income (expense) Other income (expense) Total other income(loss) Net loss before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Comprehensive income Other comprehensive loss Total comprehensive loss Basic and diluted loss per common share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-5 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficiency (Stated in U.S. Dollars) Common Stock Number of shares Par value Additional paid-in capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Balance as of March 31,2021 Net loss Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance as of March 31,2022 Net loss Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance as of March 31,2023 The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-6 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Stated in U.S. Dollars) For Years Ended March 31, 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Amortization of right-of-use asset Changes in assets and liabilities: Other receivables Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Operating lease liability Net cash provided by/ (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net cash used in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Borrowing from third party loan Proceeds from short-term loan - related parties Net (payment to)/proceeds from related parties Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities Effect on changes in foreign exchange rate Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-7 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Stated in U.S. Dollars) common shares. On August 16, 2010 the Company filed an amendment with the State of Wyoming changing its name from Element92 resources Corp. to Yinfu Gold Corporation and on November 18, 2010, the Company received a notification from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA that the Company s change of name to Yinfu Gold Corporation was posted as effective with FINRA. The Company was established as an exploration stage company engaged in the search for commercially viable minerals. The Company no longer pursues opportunities related to the exploration of minerals. The name change signified that the Company has commenced working toward a major change in our business plan and business model. Effective November 20, 2014, the Company executed a Sale and Purchase Agreement (the Agreement to acquire of the shares and assets of China Enterprise Overseas Investment Finance Group Limited CEI ), a British Virgin Islands corporation. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue restricted common shares of the Company to the owners of CEI. , specifically detailing the assets and an asset valuation by a third-party valuator. The valuation report was received by the Company on January 28, 2015. Additionally, the Agreement stated that both parties agreed that all shares issued, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreement, were to be issued as soon as practicable following the signing of the agreement, but all shares so issued were to be held in escrow until all terms and conditions are met. The various terms and conditions of the Agreement were fulfilled on January 28, 2015, therefore, the share certificates representing the shares have been issued in the names of the CEI shareholders and the Agreement between the Company and CEI was closed on January 28, 2015. On April 11, 2017, the Company acquired Yinfu Group International Holdings Limited HK ), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, and HK s subsidiary, Yinfu International Holdings Limited WOFE ), a wholly owned foreign enterprise incorporated in the People s Republic of China. The acquired entities are owned by the Company s management; therefore, the transaction has been accounted for as a business combination under common control in accordance to ASC-805-30-5, in which the assets and liabilities of HK and WOFE have been presented at their carrying values at the date of the transaction. F-8 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Stated in U.S. Dollars) Principles of Consolidation Use of Estimates Reclassification of prior year presentation to accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Cash and Cash Equivalents Foreign Currency Translation and Re-measurement and loss of for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively. F-9 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Stated in U.S. Dollars) Financial Instruments F-10 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Stated in U.S. Dollars) Income Taxes, Deferred Income Taxes and Valuation Allowance Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Basic and diluted net loss per common share F-11 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Stated in U.S. Dollars) Leases Advertising Costs Related Parties Revenue Recognition F-12 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Stated in U.S. Dollars) and net loss of for the year ended March 31, 2023. Losses have principally occurred as a result of the substantial resources required for the operation of the wholly owned subsidiaries and being a SEC reporting entity. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan to obtain such resources for the Company include: sales of equity instruments; traditional financing, such as loans; and obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition, profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. F-13 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Stated in U.S. Dollars) shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company has shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities, such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding. On November 16, 2021, the board of directors approved a 5-in-1 reverse stock split for the Company s common stock while waiting for approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA as of this Annual Report filing. The reverse stock split was retrospectively reflected throughout the consolidated financial statements and footnotes. consists of two notes from Ms. Wu Fengqun, shareholder of the Company, in the amount of (RMB834,673), annual fixed interest of , maturity date of ; and in the amount of (HKD344,345), annual fixed interest of , maturity date of . These two notes were extended to mature on without interest. Short-term loan of (RMB663,200) consists of a loan from Mr. Huang Jing, shareholder of the Company and a legal representative of the Company s subsidiary Yinfu International Holdings Limited Huizhou Branch. The loan matures on March 31, 2024 without interest. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, accrual interest related party was and respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, short-term loan related parties outstanding was and respectively. . The Company has elected to not recognized lease assets and liabilities for lease with a term less than twelve months. Operating lease expenses were and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The undiscounted future minimum lease payment schedule as follows: 2024 Thereafter Total F-14 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (Stated in U.S. Dollars) (RMB 910,000) from the acquiree as earnest money deposit to secure the transfer of Mr. Jiang Libin shares as part of the LOI Agreement. On July 24, 2020, the LOI Agreement was terminated by all parties and the earnest money deposit of (RMB 910,000) was not required to be returned to the acquiree according pursuant to the Termination Agreement. As a result, the earnest money deposit was reclassified as amount payable to Mr. Jiang. The amounts are due on demand, non-interest bearing, and unsecured. During the year ended March 31, 2022, Mr. Jiang, Libin, the President and a director of the Company, had advanced the Company for operating expenses, and received from the Company as repayment. These advances have been formalized by non-interest-bearing demand notes. During the year ended March 31, 2023, Mr. Jiang, Libin, the President and a director of the Company, had advanced the Company for operating expenses, and received from the Company as repayment. These advances have been formalized by non-interest-bearing demand notes. As of March 31, 2023, the accrued salary payable to Mr. Jiang Libin and Mr. Huang Jing were and respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company owed and to Mr. Jiang, Libin respectively. The amounts due to related parties are no fixed terms of payment, non-interest bearing, and unsecured. Due to related parties was summarized as follows. Salary payable to Mr. Huang Jing Borrowing from Mr. Tsap Wai Ping Borrowing from Mr. Jiang, Libin The balance of as of March 31, 2022, owed to Mr.Tsap Wai Ping, the former President, CEO and Director of the Company, occurred during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015. Mr.Tsap Wai Ping was elected as the President, CEO and Director of the Company on June 6, 2012, and resigned on October 31, 2014. In March 2023, Mr. Tsap Wai Ping transferred his claim of from the Company to Mr. Jiang, Libin. . As of March 31, 2023, Yinfu Gold Corporation has accumulated net operating loss of that may be offset against future taxable income has not been recognized as an income tax benefit based on uncertainties concerning its ability to generate taxable in future period. Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal Income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. F-15 Table of Contents Yinfu Gold Corporation Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Stated in U.S. Dollars) . Hongkong Yinfu Group International Holdings Limited was incorporated under the Hong Kong tax laws. The statutory income tax rate is . Subsidiaries in Hong Kong are exempted from income tax on their foreign-derived income and there are no withholding taxes in Hong Kong on remittance of dividends. PRC Yinfu International Holdings Limited was incorporated under the China Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the EIT Law, domestic enterprises and foreign investment enterprises, or FIE, are subject to a unified enterprise income tax rate, except for certain entities that are entitled to tax holidays or exemptions. As of March 31, 2023, Yinfu International Holdings Limited has accumulated net operating loss of that may be offset against future taxable income has not been recognized as an income tax benefit based on uncertainties concerning its ability to generate taxable in future period. F-16 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. There were no disagreements with our accountants related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the 2023 fiscal years. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO )/Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We conducted an evaluation (the Evaluation ), under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO/CFO of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation and the existence of the material weaknesses discussed below in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, our management, including our CEO/CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this Report. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. With the participation of our Chief Executive and Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based upon such evaluation, our management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 based on the COSO framework criteria, as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee, (2) lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (3) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (4) management dominated by two individuals without adequate compensating controls. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive and Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of March 31, 2023. Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 28 Table of Contents This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting due to permanent exemptions for smaller reporting companies. Officers Certifications Appearing as exhibits to this Annual Report are Certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Certifications are required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications ). This section of the Annual Report contains information concerning the Controls Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certification. This information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended March 31, 2023, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance All directors of the Company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of the Company are appointed by the board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. The directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: Name Position Held with the Company Age Date First Elected or Appointed Jiang, Libin President, Secretary and Director 60 December 12, 2015 Jiang, Libin Interim Chief Financial Officer 60 January 14, 2019 Zhang, Hong Director 60 December 12, 2015 Background of Officers and Directors Jiang, Libin: President and Director Mr. Jiang Libin obtained the PhD from Camden University. He has worked in several large international trade companies for many years in which he is responsible for operation management and strategic development. He once served as the President of the Northeast Region of Hong Kong Store Chains Group and Chief Executive Officer of Liaoning Jinzhou Times Group. Since December 2015, he has been the Chairman of the Board CEO of Yinfu Gold Corporation, and he has rich experiences in large-scale enterprise management operations and investment operations. Zhang Hong: Director Mr. Zhang Hong has rich experience in enterprise management and operations, he once served as General Manager of Shenzhen Peizheng Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., General Manager of Guangxi Guiran Energy Co., Ltd. and Chairman of Shenzhen Jiazhan Energy Investment Co., Ltd. Now, he is the Executive Director President of the Investment Department of Yinfu Gold Corporation.Over these years, he has been studying the development and current situation of the domestic and overseas financial systems. He has rich practical experience in team building, project operation and investment management. He is always enthusiastic about the public welfare and charity, and has been funding poor students and orphans for a long time. He is also the director and General Affair of Lions Clubs International, has planned and organized several large-scale charity activities in cooperation with domestic and foreign charities. 29 Table of Contents Employment Agreements We have no formal employment agreements with any of our employees, directors or officers. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our directors and executive officers. Potential Conflicts of Interest We are not aware of any conflicts of interest with our directors and officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings None of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past five years: 1. A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 2. Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; or iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 4. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 5. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 6. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 30 Table of Contents 7. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 8. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act The Company s common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, officers, directors and principal shareholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, members of our board of directors, our Company s officers including our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, employees, consultants and advisors. As adopted, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 1. honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 2. full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by us; 3. compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 4. the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and 5. accountability for adherence to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires, among other things, that all of our company s senior officers commit to timely, accurate and consistent disclosure of information; that they maintain confidential information; and that they act with honesty and integrity. In addition, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics emphasizes that all employees, and particularly senior officers, have a responsibility for maintaining financial integrity within our company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal and state securities laws. Any senior officer, who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities, whether by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to our Company. Any failure to report such inappropriate or irregular conduct of others is to be treated as a severe disciplinary matter. It is against our Company policy to retaliate against any individual who reports in good faith the violation or potential violation of our company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by another. The Company will provide to any person, without charge and upon request, a copy of the code of ethics. Any such request must be made in writing to the Company at, Suite 2408, Dongfang Science and Technology Mansion, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China 518000 31 Table of Contents Board and Committee Meetings Our board of directors currently consists of two members, Jiang, Libin and Zhang Hong. The Board held no formal meetings during the year ended March 31, 2023. Until the Company develops a more comprehensive Board of Directors, all proceedings will be conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Wyoming General Corporate Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. Nomination Process As of March 31, 2023, we did not affect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our company at the address on the cover of this annual report. Audit Committee Currently the Company is developing a comprehensive Board of Directors and does not have an Audit Committee. The Company intends to appoint audit, compensation and other applicable committee members as it appoints individuals with pertinent expertise. Audit Committee Financial Expert Our board of directors does not have a member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation. The following tables set forth, for each of the last two completed fiscal years of the Company, the total compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to any person who was a principal executive officer during the preceding fiscal year and every other highest compensated executive officers earning more than 100,000 during the last fiscal year (together, the Named Executive Officers ). The tables set forth below reflect the compensation of the Named Executive Officers. Name and Principal Position Year ended Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Jiang, Libin March 2023 242,636 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 242,636 President, Secretary and Director (1) March 2022 246,875 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 246,875 Zhang, Hong March 2023 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Director (2) March 2022 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil (1) Jiang, Libin was appointed as the President, Secretary and Director on December 12, 2015. (2) Zhang, Hong was appointed as a Director on December 12, 2015. 32 Table of Contents Other than set out below there are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. Grants of Plan-Based Awards There were no grants of plan-based awards during the year ended March 31, 2023. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End There were no outstanding equity awards at the year ended March 31, 2023. Option Exercises and Stock Vested During the year ended March 31, 2023, there were no options exercised by our named officer. Compensation of Directors We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of June 13, 2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Number of shares Percentage of total shares Wu Fengqun No.12, Lane 2, Nanxin Road Huicheng District Huizhou City, Guangdong, China 177,496 8.95 Huang Jing Cexun Street, Xinli Town, Zhongxian, Chongoing, China 172,240 8.68 Chen Guowei No.1 Jinjijing Huicheng District Huizhou City, Guangdong, China 152,022 7.66 33 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Not applicable. Shareholder loan During the year ended March 31, 2023, Mr. Jiang, Libin, the President and a director of the Company, had advanced the Company 243,021 for operating expenses, and received 177,807 from the Company as repayment. These advances have been formalized by non-interest-bearing demand notes. Director Independence Our Board of Directors has determined that it does not have a member that is independent as the term is used in Item 7(d) (3) (iv) of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and the year ended March 31, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Year Ended March 31, 202 3 Year Ended March 31, 202 2 Audit fees (1) 17,000 14,000 Audit related fees (2) - 1,000 Tax fees (3) - - All other fees (4) - - Total 17,000 15,000 (1) Audit fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements, for reviews of our interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements, but are not reported under Audit fees. (3) Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. (4) All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. 34 Table of Contents Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Exhibits In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this annual report on Form 10-K, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about our company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the applicable agreement and: should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K and the Company s other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit (3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s S-1 Registration Statement filed July 10, 2008) 3.2 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s S-1 Registration Statement filed July 10, 2008) 3.3 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the registrant s Schedule 14C filed August 3, 2010) 3.4 By-laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s S-1 Registration Statement filed July 10, 2008) (10) Material Contracts (31) Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certifications 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 35 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. Yinfu Gold Corporation (Registrant) Date: June 30, 2023 /s/ Jiang, Libin Jiang, Libin President, Secretary and Director Date: June 30, 2023 /s/ Jiang, Libin Jiang, Libin Interim Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: June 30, 2023 /s/ Jiang, Libin Jiang, Libin President, Secretary and Director Date: June 30, 2023 /s/ Jiang, Libin Jiang, Libin Interim Chief Financial Officer 36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 elre_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS
 
 elre_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Jiang, Libin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this 2023 fiscal year end report on Form 10-K of Yinfu Gold Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: June 30, 2023 By: /s/ Jiang, Libin Jiang, Libin Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 elre_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS
 
 elre_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Jiang, Libin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this 2023 fiscal year end report on Form 10-K of Yinfu Gold Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: June 30, 2023 By: /s/ Jiang, Libin Jiang, Libin Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 elre_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS
 
 elre_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jiang, Libin, Chief Executive Officer of Yinfu Gold Corporation, certify, as of the dates hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Yinfu Gold Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Yinfu Gold Corporation at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: June 30, 2023 By: /s/ Jiang, Libin Jiang, Libin Chief Executive Officer A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Yinfu Gold Corporation and will be retained by Yinfu Gold Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 elre_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS
 
 elre_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jiang, Libin, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Yinfu Gold Corporation, certify, as of the dates hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Yinfu Gold Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Yinfu Gold Corporation at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: June 30, 2023 By: /s/ Jiang, Libin Jiang, Libin Interim Chief Financial Officer A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Yinfu Gold Corporation and will be retained by Yinfu Gold Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 elre-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 elre-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 elre-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 elre-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

