<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1632121_0001493152-23-012585.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5115450</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>143964</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>893534</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1468649</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1141653</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1361546</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012585.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417171046
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012585
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Balance Labs, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001632121
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				471146785
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202959
		FILM NUMBER:		23824700

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 LINCOLN ROAD
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 907-7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		407 LINCOLN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 701
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012585.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 Identification No.) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 incorporation
 or organization) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

State the aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (1,850,591 shares) computed by reference to the price at which the common
equity was last sold, 028) as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fourth fiscal quarter, December
31, 2022 . 

As
of April 17, 2023, the number of shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding is ,
par value 0.0001 per share. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 11 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 

Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 12 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 16 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 16 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 17 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 17 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 18 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 18 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 18 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 21 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 22 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 24 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 25 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 25 

SIGNATURES 
 26 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not
historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, intend, could, should, would, 
 may, seek, plan, might, will, expect, anticipate, 
 predict, project, forecast, potential, continue negatives thereof
or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various underlying assumptions
and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to be materially different from the results
of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. 

We
cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results
or conditions described in such statements or that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places
throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including
statements about potential acquisition or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives
of management; any other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial
results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. 

These
forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject
to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than
we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the
cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except
to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

Balance
Labs, Inc. was incorporated on June 5, 2014 under the laws of the State of Delaware. We are a consulting firm that provides business
development and consulting services to startup and development-stage businesses. With each client, our company provides businesses in
various industries with customized consulting services to meet their business needs and help them improve their business models, sales
and marketing plans and internal operations, as well as introduce the businesses to experienced professional contacts that would be vital
to the success of these businesses. 

The
Company is led by our President, CEO and Chairman of the Board, Michael D. Farkas, who is a seasoned entrepreneur and has worked in corporate
finance and in assisting and developing businesses in multiple industries for the past twenty-six (26) years. 

Along
with Mr. Farkas, our management team consists of experienced business people in high-tech fields such as telecommunications, EV Charging
infrastructure, as well as the agricultural industry, specifically in the cultivation of olives and
production of olive oil. Throughout the years while working with various companies, our management team recognized the need for an independent
third-party company that could help developmental stage and startup businesses create and implement a viable business model, assist them
in developing marketing, promotional and merchandising plans. 

Our
business focuses on providing advice to entrepreneurs and assisting business owners so that their ideas can be fully developed and implemented.
Due to limited resources, lack of experienced management and competing priorities, startup and developmental stage companies are not
operating as efficiently as they can be, and therefore would benefit from an outside party that could assist in developing and executing
certain strategies. We utilize our knowledge in developing businesses, share practical experiences with our clients and introduce the
business owners to different experienced professionals who could help these inexperienced entrepreneurs further implement their ideas.
Startups and development stage businesses across all industries commonly experience certain growing pains . Our plan is
to prepare our clients for many inevitable challenges and develop a customized plan for them to overcome these obstacles so that they
can focus on marketing their product(s) and/or service(s) to their potential customers. 

4 

Our
Services 

The
Company will assist in the development and execution of the following services for our client companies: 

Business
 model development, including marketing research, naming and branding 

Business
 plan writing 

Financial
 modeling 

Website
 mobile app development 

Employee
 and board member recruitment 

Patent/trademark
 filing assistance 

Professional
 introductions 

Product
 or service development 

Product
 production 

Develop
 marketing material 

Product
 or service placement 

Celebrity
 endorsements 

Introductions
 to professional services such as legal accounting 

In
 the future we plan to offer executive office sharing and additional ancillary services 

Target
Market 

The
target market will consist of startup and developmental stage businesses located in the United States and abroad. We cater our services
to startups and developmental stage companies that do not have the resources to execute or implement their business plan or ideas with
the personnel in-house. Our client companies can derive value from our support and expertise with dealing with the typical growing pains
and common mistakes experienced by startups. 

Marketing
and Sales 

We
are starting to become more active in the market by developing relationships initially with startups and development stage companies.
In addition to personal relationships of the principals, we plan to use our website www.balancelabs.co to promote our services and provide
a contact function that allows potential clients to reach us for additional information. The references to our website in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are inactive textual references only. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. We may also utilize social media such as Facebook, Twitter and an online blog to increase our presence online and
communicate the value we can add. 

We
do not have any specific marketing channels in place at this point to market our services to potential customers. In the next year ended
we plan to market our services through word of mouth or personal referrals. We also plan to advertise in startup and development stage
specific journals and online media. Referrals from companies that are satisfied with our provided services are likely to be our most
significant and efficient form of marketing. 

Competition 

Our
primary source of competition will come from various service providers such as business plan writers, auditors, lawyers, marketing firms
as well as many other types of service providers. In addition, those startups and development stage companies that have the resources
and inclination to handle these tasks in-house will not need our services. 

There
are also numerous established firms that offer some combination of marketing, promotional and general consulting services to startup
and development stage companies in the industry. In addition, there are a number of large and well-established general marketing agencies
that provide strategy and implementation services to the industry as well as a number of other industries. We are in a very competitive
market and may struggle to differentiate ourselves as a specialist that provides more value for startup and development stage companies. 

Services
Pricing 

The
cost for consulting projects will depend on the scope of the project and time required to execute it. We may charge a flat fee based
on the services that our clients request from us, an hourly rate, revenue share or a combination of the above in order to provide our
clients with as many cost-effective options as possible. Additionally, all expenses incurred, including engaging third parties, travel
as well as other approved expenses, will be passed through to the client for reimbursements. 

Employees 

We
presently have no other employees other than our President and CEO Michael Farkas, Secretary, Carmen Villegas, CFO Ari Feldman and
General Counsel, Yechiel Baron. Over time, we may hire employees and/or engage additional independent contractors to execute
our projects. These decisions will be made by our officers when appropriate. 

5 

Government
Regulation 

Our
business activities currently are subject to no regulation by government agencies other than that routinely imposed on corporate
businesses. We do not anticipate any regulations specific to our business activities in the future. 

Seasonality 

We
do not have a seasonal business cycle. 

Environmental
Matters 

Our
business currently does not implicate any environmental regulation. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
do not hold any patents, trademarks or other registered intellectual property on services or processes relating to our business. With
the exception of domain name and mobile app in the future, we do not consider the grant of patents, trademarks or other registered intellectual
property essential to the success of our business. 

Where
You Can Find Us 

The
Company s principal executive office and mailing address is 407 Lincoln Road, Suite 701, Miami Beach, FL. Our telephone number
is (305) 907-7600. 

We
have registered the domain name of http://www.balancelabs.co. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

RISK
FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K before making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated herein that are
not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

AN
OCCURRENCE OF AN UNCONTROLLED EVENT SUCH AS THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC IS LIKELY TO NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONS 

A
resurgence of COVID -19 pandemic may adversely impact our operations and demand for our services and our ability to find new
clients. This is due in part to potential restrictions such as: social distancing requirements; stay at home orders and the shutdown
of non-essential businesses and the impact these restrictions have on small businesses and their ability to generate revenues which
effects their ability to afford our services. 

IF
WE DO NOT OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FINANCING OR SUFFICIENT REVENUES, OUR BUSINESS WILL FAIL 

We
have had limited operations since our formation. There can be no assurance that management of the Company will be successful in completing
the Company s business development plan, devise a marketing plan to successfully reach the companies in this field or that the
Company will generate sufficient revenues to meet its expenses or to achieve or maintain profitability. 

6 

Our
current operating funds are less than necessary to complete the full development of our business plan, and we most likely will need to
obtain additional financing in order to complete our business plan. We currently have minimal operations, and we are not currently generating
revenue or net income. 

The
Company currently does not have sufficient funds to support its obligations. As a result, the Company will require additional financing
to execute its business plan through raising additional capital and/or beginning to generate revenue. 

We
do not currently have any firm arrangements for financing, and we can provide no assurance to investors that we will be able to find
such additional financing if required. Obtaining additional financing is subject to a number of factors, including current financial
condition as well as general market conditions. These factors affect the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing
unavailable to us. And if additional financing is not arranged, the company faces the risk of going out of business. The Company s
management is currently engaged in actively pursuing multiple financing options to obtain the capital necessary to execute the
Company s business plan, however, there cannot be any assurance that additional funds will be available when needed from any source,
or if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. 

OUR
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM HAS RAISED SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As discussed
in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, these conditions raise substantial doubt from our independent auditor about our
ability to continue as a going concern. Our plans regarding these matters are also described in the notes to our consolidated financial
statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of
asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should our company be unable to continue as
a going concern. 

We
will require additional capital to implement our business plan and support our operations. Currently, we have no established bank financing
arrangements. Therefore, depending on the revenue growth rate, we may need to seek additional financing through a future private offering
of our equity or debt securities, or through strategic partnerships and other arrangements with corporate partners. We believe we will
be successful in these efforts; however, there can be no assurance we will meet our internal revenue forecasts or, if necessary, be successful
in raising additional debt or equity financing to fund our operations on terms agreeable to the company. These matters raise substantial
doubt from our independent auditor about our ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary if we were unable to continue as a going concern. We presently do not have enough cash on hand
to sustain our operations. If we are unable to meet our internal revenue forecasts or obtain additional financing on a timely basis,
we may have to delay vendor payments and/or initiate cost reductions, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations, and ultimately, we could be forced to discontinue our operations, liquidate, and/or seek reorganization
under the U.S. bankruptcy code. 

ADDITIONAL
FINANCING MAY ADVERSLY EFFECT TO YOUR INTEREST 

If
we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our company held
by existing shareholders will be reduced and those shareholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, we may also have to
issue securities that may have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to our Common Stock. In the event we seek to raise additional
capital through the issuance of debt or its equivalents, this will result in increased interest expense. 

LIMITED
EXPERIENCE IN MANAGING AND OPERATING A PUBLIC COMPANY 

Our
current management has limited experience managing and operating a public company and relies in many instances on the professional experience
and advice of third parties including its attorneys and accountants. Failure to adequately comply with laws, rules, or regulations applicable
to our business may result in fines or regulatory action, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,
or financial condition and could result in delays in the development of an active and liquid trading market for our stock. 

7 

SIGNIGFICANT
COSTS TO BE A PUBLIC COMPANY 

We
may incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate
governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and
Exchange Commission. We expect all these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance
costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make
it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced
policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating
and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional
costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. In addition, we may not be able to absorb these costs of being a public company which
will negatively affect our business operations. Based on our management s reasonable estimates, we anticipate that our cost of
being a public company, including legal, audit costs, printing, filing fees and other costs will be between 50,000 and 75,000 per year. 

SIGNIFICANT
ADVERSE IMPACT TO OUR CAPITAL RESERVE OF ANY LIABLE UNINSURABLE CLAIM 

Although
we are in the process of obtaining the necessary Director and Officer liability insurance, we do not have any insurance to cover potential
risks and general liabilities, including, but not limited to, injuries or economic losses arising out of or relating to our omission
or errors in providing our services. Even if we decide to obtain insurance coverage in the future, it is possible that: (1) we may not
be able to get enough insurance to meet our needs; (2) we may have to pay very high premiums for the additional coverage; (3) we may
not be able to acquire any insurance for certain types of business risk; or (4) we may have gaps in coverage for certain risks. We may
be exposed to potential uninsured claims for which we could have to expend significant amounts of capital. Consequently, if we were found
liable for a significant uninsured claim in the future, we may be forced to expend a significant amount of our capital to resolve the
uninsured claim. 

COMPLETE
CONTROL OVER THE COMPANY 

Our
majority shareholder, Balance Holdings, LLC, which our Chairman of the Board, Michael D. Farkas has investing and dispositive power of,
beneficially own approximately 59.9 of our common stock. Mr. Farkas also has investing and dispositive power of Shilo Holding Group
LLC, which own approximately 5.08 of our common stock. Therefore, Mr. Farkas is able to exercise control over all matters requiring
shareholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant
corporate transactions, and he also has significant control over our management and policies. The directors elected thereof will be able
to significantly influence decisions affecting our capital structure. This control may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes
in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to
be in their best interest. 

DEPENDENCE
ON KEY PERSONNEL 

We
will be dependent on services from our management team, including Chairman of the Board and CEO, Michael D. Farkas, CFO, Ari Feldman
and Secretary, Carmen Villegas. The loss of our officers and/or key employees could have a material adverse effect on the operations
and prospects of the Company. Our management is expected to handle all marketing and sales efforts and manage the operations. Their responsibilities
include formalizing business arrangements with third party service providers, directing the development of the Company website and other
online communication tools, and formulating marketing materials to be used during presentations and meetings. At this time, we do not
have an employment agreement with Ms. Villegas though the Company may enter into such an agreement with her on terms and conditions usual
and customary for its industry. The Company does have an employment agreement with Mr. Farkas and Mr. Feldman. The Company does not currently
have key man life insurance on Ms. Villegas, Mr. Feldman or Mr. Farkas. 

8 

HIGHLY
COMPETITIVE MARKET 

There
are numerous established companies that offer some combination of marketing, promotional and general consulting services to startup
and development stage companies in the industry. In addition, there are several large and well-established full-service consulting
firms that provide strategy and implementation services to a broad spectrum of industries. We are a new entry into this competitive
market and may struggle to differentiate ourselves as a specialist that provides more value for startup and development stage
companies. 

INDEMNIFICATION
AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws include provisions that fully eliminate the personal liability of the directors of the
Company for monetary damages possible under the laws of the State of Delaware or other applicable law. These
provisions eliminate the liability of directors to the Company and its stockholders for monetary damages arising out of any
violation of a director of his fiduciary duty of due care. Under Delaware law, however, such provisions do not eliminate the
personal liability of a director for (i) breach of the director s duty of loyalty, (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or
involving intentional misconduct or knowing violation of law, (iii) payment of dividends or repurchases of stock other than from
lawfully available funds, or (iv) any transaction from which the director derived an improper benefit. These provisions do not
affect a director s liabilities under the federal securities laws or the recovery of damages by third parties. 

POTENTIAL
CLIENTS MAY NOT HAVE THE FUNDS OR THE NEED TO OUTSOURCE THIS WORK 

Some
companies have the resources to handle the strategy and implementation of these services in-house. Other companies may have limited available
resources which will prohibit them from engaging us to help them develop and implement their strategy. Therefore, we risk having a limited
niche potential client base. 

COMPANY
MAY RELY UPON INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS TO IMPLEMENT SOLUTIONS 

In
order to implement our services at a scale commensurate with the business plan, we will most likely engage independent contractors who
will need to be mentored and actively managed to ensure that their work product meets the standards of our Company. Recruiting, engaging,
contracting, and maintaining independent contractors who can perform this work could cause delays, unplanned expenses and other adverse
results for the Company. 

REPORTING
REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, INCLUDING ESTABLISHING AND MAINTAINING ACCEPTABLE
INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING, ARE COSTLY AND MAY INCREASE SUBSTANTIALLY 

The
rules and regulations of the SEC require a public company to prepare and file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, which will require
that the Company engage legal, accounting, auditing and other professional services. The engagement of such services is costly. Additionally,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes- Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we design, implement and maintain
adequate internal controls and procedures over financial reporting. The costs of complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the limited
technically qualified personnel we have may make it difficult for us to design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls over
financial reporting. In the event that we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or discover material weaknesses in
our internal controls, we may not be able to produce reliable financial reports or report fraud, which may harm our overall financial
condition and result in loss of investor confidence and a decline in our share price. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010
and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, compliance with these rules
and regulations will nonetheless increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming,
or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating
results. 

9 

We
are working with our legal, independent accounting and financial advisors to identify those areas in which changes should be made to
our financial and management control systems to manage our growth and our obligations as a public company. These areas include corporate
governance, corporate control, disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting and accounting systems. We have made, and will
continue to make, changes in these and other areas. However, we anticipate that the expenses that will be required in order to adequately
prepare for being a public company could be material. We estimate that the aggregate cost of increased legal services; accounting and
audit functions; personnel, such as a chief financial officer familiar with the obligations of public company reporting; consultants
to design and implement internal controls; and financial printing alone will be a few hundred thousand dollars per year and could be
several hundred thousand dollars per year. In addition, if and when we retain independent directors and/or additional members of senior
management, we may incur additional expenses related to director compensation and/or premiums for directors and officers 
liability insurance, the costs of which we cannot estimate at this time. We may also incur additional expenses associated with investor
relations and similar functions, the cost of which we also cannot estimate at this time. However, these additional expenses individually,
or in the aggregate, may also be material. 

In
addition, being a public company could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors 
and officers liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees, or as executive officers. 

The
increased costs associated with operating as a public company may decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may cause us
to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services to offset the effect of such increased
costs. Additionally, if these requirements divert our management s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

IF
WE FAIL TO MAINTAIN EFFECTIVE INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING, THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED 

We
are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer
and the principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based
on that evaluation and due to the lack of segregation of duties due to small Company staff size our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by
this report. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely affect our public
disclosures regarding our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, management s assessment
of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls
over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that
need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure of management s assessment of our internal
controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

THERE
IS A LIMITED PUBLIC MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange. Accordingly, investors may find it more difficult to buy and sell our
shares than if our common stock was traded on an exchange. Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink, it is an unorganized,
inter-dealer, over-the-counter market which provides significantly less liquidity than the NASDAQ Capital Market or other national securities
exchange. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our common stock. And our common stock may be less attractive
for margin loans, for investment by financial institutions, as consideration in future capital raising transactions or other purposes. 

10 

NOT
LIKELY TO PAY DIVIDENDS 

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly, we do not expect
to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future but will review this policy as circumstances dictate. 

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO THE SEC S PENNY STOCK RULES 

We
are subject to the SEC s penny stock rules if our shares of Common Stock sell below 5.00 per share. Penny stocks
generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00. The penny stock rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny
stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation
of the broker-dealer and its salesperson, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally
or in writing prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. 

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction, the broker dealer must make a special written determination that
the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. The
penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for shares of our Common Stock.
As long as our shares of Common Stock are subject to the penny stock rules, the holders of such shares of Common Stock may find it more
difficult to sell their securities. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

The
Company s mailing address is 407 Lincoln Road, Suite 701, Miami Beach, FL. Our telephone number is (305) 907-7600. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

To
the best of our knowledge, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is
the subject. From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course
of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from
time to time that may harm our business. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

11 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Market Pink under symbol BLNC. Our stock is thinly traded and there is no
active trading market developed for our shares of common stock. The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share
of common stock for the periods indicated. These prices represent inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission
and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Common Stock 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

Fiscal Quarter Ended March 31, 2021 
 1.25 
 0.75 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended June 30, 2021 
 1.25 
 0.51 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended September 30, 2021 
 1.00 
 1.00 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended December 31, 2021 
 0.72 
 0.72 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022: 

Fiscal Quarter Ended March 31, 2022 
 0.86 
 0.72 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 
 1.00 
 0.73 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended September 30, 2022 
 0.73 
 0.47 
 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended December 31, 2022 
 1.00 
 0.23 

Holders 

As
of April 17, 2023, we had approximately 52 holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

To
date, we have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our
business, our Board of Directors has the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. 

Payment
of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, and any other factors that our Board of Directors deems
relevant. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information: 

The
Company does not have any equity compensation plan. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities: 

None 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information for this item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation . 

Plan
of Operations 

Our
plan of operations over the next 12 months is to continue to prepare our clients for the many inevitable challenges they will encounter
and to develop a customized plan for them to help overcome these obstacles, so that they can focus on marketing their product(s) and/or
service(s) to their potential customers. 

Although
we ve only worked with three clients since inception, our goal is to add and service a minimum of two to three new clients between
now and the end of 2023. We re marketing our services through both personal contact and online by (a) mining our existing
network of professional contacts via personal outreach programs, which will also target international prospects that may wish to enter
the US market; (b) expanding our network by attending targeted conferences and professional gatherings; and (c) utilizing our website
at www.balancelabs.co, plus engaging potential clients on social media, including LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter. However, because we
have a limited budget allocated for an on-line marketing campaign, we anticipate that professionals within our professional network and
personal referrals from companies that are satisfied with our professional services are likely to be our most significant and efficient
near-term form of marketing. 

12 

The
Company incorporated or formed nine subsidiaries since 2016, Balance Labs, LLC, Balance AgroTech Co., Advanced AutoTech Co., Balance
Cannabis Co., Balance Medical Marijuana Co. Krypto Ventures Inc, formerly known as KryptoBank Co., a former subsidiary. Except for Krypto
Ventures Inc., formerly known as KryptoBank Co. all of the subsidiaries are wholly owned by the company. On July 29, 2021, the Company
exchanged 52,500,000 shares of common stock in Krypto Ventures, Inc. for 119,584,736 shares of common stock in Descrypto Holdings, Inc. Descrypto (formerly W Technologies Inc.), an unrelated party in a Share Exchange Agreement. As a result, Krypto Ventures,
Inc was deconsolidated and is no longer our subsidiary. 

In
November 2018, the Company acquired a non-controlling minority interest in a new startup company, iGrow Systems, Inc. As of December
31, 2022, this investment has no value based on the equity method of accounting. iGrow Systems, Inc., was developing a plant growing device
for home use. iGrow Systems Inc has closed and is no longer in operations as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company owned a majority interest in Krypto Ventures Inc, formerly known as KryptoBank Co. On July 29, 2021, the Company exchanged 52,500,000
shares of common stock in Krypto Ventures, Inc. for 119,584,736 shares of common stock in W Technologies Inc. W Tech ),
an unrelated party in a Share Exchange Agreement. As of September 30, 2021, the investment had a fair value of 0, due to the stock being
illiquid, and it is recorded on our consolidated balance sheet using the equity method. On November 17, 2021, W Tech repurchased all the shares
owned by the Company and the Company no longer owns any portion of Krypto Ventures Inc. s and W Tech s outstanding shares
of common stock. 

On
December 2, 2020, the Company received 1,000,000 shares from EZFill Holdings, Inc, a related party, for past services, with each share
valued at 1 each. At the time of acquiring these shares, EZFill Holdings, Inc. was not a publicly traded company. 

On September 14, 2021, the S-1 Registration Statement
for EZFill Holdings, Inc. was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result of becoming a publicly traded
company, our investment is now recorded at fair value as available-for-sale securities on September 30, 2022, with the gains and losses
being recorded through other income on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
November 18, 2020, the Company executed a two (2) year, third-party consulting agreement with EzFill Holdings Inc for various
corporate services. The current service agreement has expired effective November 18, 2022. In connection with this agreement, and
with the effectiveness of the Company s Form S-1 registration statement, the Company was entitled to compensation as
follows: 

1,000,000 shares of common stock having a fair value of 1,000,000 1.00/share), each based on a recent cash price of the related party, 

and a one time payment of 200,000 upon completion of the Company s IPO. 

during the first year of the agreement, 25,000 per month, with the 1 st payment due 30 days after the completion of the Company s
IPO, 

during the second year of the agreement, 22,500 per month, and 

on each anniversary of the agreement, 500,000 shares of common stock. 

At December 31, 2022,
the Company owned 531,539 shares after a reverse stock split adjustment of 1 for 3.763243 and the fair value of the investment in
EZFill Holdings, Inc. was reported on the balance sheet as Investment at fair value - related party totaling 148,808 0.28/share).
Recorded an adjustment of 401,250 for the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, as unrealized loss on securities. 

On January 29, 2021, the Company received 20 ownership of Pharmacy No,
27, Ltd, a company based in Israel, as part of a Note Receivable from a third party (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, the investment
has a fair value of 0, based upon the quoted closing trading price and it is recorded on our consolidated balance sheet using the equity
method. In addition, the interest receivable associated with this note has fully been reserved in the amount of 21,958 as
of December 31, 2022. 

13 

Our
primary requirement for funding is for working capital in order to accommodate temporary negative cash flows from operations (see Liquidity
and Capital Resources ). 

Results
of Operations 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Overview 

We
reported a net loss attributable to the Company of 768,351 and a net loss attributable to the Company of 809,404 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a difference of (41,053) or 5 , primarily due to an increase in the unrealized loss on available for
sale securities and a decrease in consulting income from a related party in the form of stock and cash. 

Revenues
 Related Party 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we generated 247,500 and 624,590, respectively in revenue. The primary reason for the decrease in revenue was due to a decrease of the consulting income received from EZFill Holdings, Inc. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were 21,236 and 29,963 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 8,727 or 29 primarily due to decrease in office expenses. 

Professional
Fees 

Professional
fees were 139,263 and 104,729 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 34,534 or 33 due to an increase in
legal and accounting fees. 

Salaries
and Wages 

Wages
were 49,837 and 145,472 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 95,635 or 66 due to a decrease in
salaries expense. 

Other
Income and Expense 

Other
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 745,515. Other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 1,033,830. This represents
a difference of 28 which was attributable to less unrealized losses associated with the sale of securities. 

Unrealized
gain or loss on available for sale securities 

Unrealized
loss on available for sale securities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 401,250. Unrealized gain on available for sale securities
for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 822,533. This represents a decrease of 421,283 or 51 attributable to less losses associated with the sales of securities. 

Net
Loss allocated from Equity Method Investee 

Net
loss allocated from Equity Method Investee for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 47,255 and 13,591 respectively,
an increase of 247 primarily due to an increase in expenses from operating expenses by the investees. 

14 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
measure our liquidity in a number of ways, including the following. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Cash 
 235,311 
 227,558 
 
 Working capital (deficiency) 
 (3,681,157 
 (2,962,958 

Availability
of Additional Funds 

As described elsewhere in this annual report, we currently do not have any material commitments for capital expenditures. We are
actively pursuing new client relationships. Even if we were to add a new client(s), due to our current lack of a diversified client
base, there could be temporary imbalances between cash receipts and cash operating expenditures, which means that we may need
additional capital. The engagement revenues associated with most client engagements will self-fund the in-house and sub-contractor
services we need in order to supply products and services to our clients. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficiency of 3,681,157. The Company net cash provided in operations was 7,753.
In addition, the Company is working to manage its current liabilities while it continues to make changes in operations to further improve
its cash flow and liquidity position. Based upon subsequent debt financing and the Company s current cash flow projections, management
believes the Company will have sufficient capital resources to meet projected cash flow requirements for the next year ended. 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

We
experienced positive cash flows from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 7,753. This was primarily due to
an unrealized gain of 401,249 on available for sale securities, with an increase in bad debt of 151,714, a net loss of 768,351.
The negative cash flows of 56,896 for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to an unrealized loss of 822,533 on available
for sale securities, 352,090 of investment received in exchange, gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary of 153,907 and a partially offset by an
increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses by 269,989. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 0 and 203,678, respectively. During the year ended December 31,
2021, 144,000 of cash used in investing activities were for a note receivable to an unrelated party, improvements on the existing Krypto
Ventures Inc., formerly known as KryptoBank website for 9,500 and cash disposed in deconsolidation of subsidiary of 53, 718. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 0 and 482,500,
respectively. Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, increase of proceeds of 407,500 from
related parties, and note payable an increase of 75,000 compared to 0 and 0 respectively, in the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Our
auditors have issued a going concern opinion 

The
Company s independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern as of December 31, 2022. The consolidated financial statements in this annual report on Form 10-K have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, these
conditions raise substantial doubt from our independent auditor about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
Company s plans in regard to these matters are also described in the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying
amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

15 

Therefore,
we will need to raise additional capital in the future to continue our operations There can be no assurance that additional funds will
be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. We will be required
to pursue sources of additional capital through various means, including debt or equity financings. Future financings through equity
investments are likely to be dilutive to existing stockholders. Also, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions
may be more favorable for new investors. Newly issued securities may include preferences, superior voting rights, the issuance of warrants
or other derivative securities, and the issuances of incentive awards under equity employee incentive plans, which may have additional
dilutive effects. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing, including investment banking fees,
legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses
in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will adversely impact our financial
condition. Our ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets and our history of losses, which
could impact the availability or cost of future financings .If the Company is unable to meet its internal revenue forecasts or obtain
additional financing on a timely basis, it may have to delay vendor payments and/or initiate cost reductions, which would have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, and ultimately it could be forced to discontinue
the Company s operations, liquidate, and/or seek reorganization under the U.S. bankruptcy code. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. Estimates may include those pertaining to accruals, stock-based compensation and income taxes. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company accounts for its revenues under FASB ASC 606, that requires revenue to be recognized in a manner to depict the transfer of goods
or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services.
The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all the five following criteria are met: (1) Identify the Contract
with a Customer, (2) Identify the Performance Obligations in the Contract, (3) Determine the Transaction Price, (4) Allocate the Transaction
Price to the Performance Obligations in the Contract, and (5) Recognize Revenue When (or As) the Entity Satisfies a Performance Obligation.
The Company recognizes consulting income when the services are performed, and performance obligations are satisfied, over time or point of time. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. For certain of our financial instruments, including cash,
accounts payable, and the short-term portion of long-term debt, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 

We
adopted accounting guidance for financial and non-financial assets and liabilities (ASC 820). This standard defines fair value, provides
guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements, but
rather applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to
measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market
prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow), and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity
of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used
to measure fair value into three broad levels. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We
have implemented all new accounting standards that are in effect and may impact our consolidated financial statements and do not believe
that there are any other new accounting standards that have been issued that might have a material impact on our financial position or
results of operations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements. 

16 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Balance Labs, Inc. and Subsidiaries. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Balance Labs Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022,
and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph- Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company had a net loss of 768,351, for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, the
Company had an accumulated deficit of 4,161,312 and had negative working capital of 3,681,157. These factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that are required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We
did not identify any critical audit matters that need to be communicated. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

PCAOB ID: 

April 17, 2023 

F- 1 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of: 

Balance
Labs, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Balance Labs, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statement, the Company has experienced net losses since inception and negative cash flows from
operations and has relied on loans from related parties to fund its operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenues
received from related party in exchange for services 

As
described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company received investment securities in the form of shares as well
as cash payment from a related party in exchange for past and current consulting services provided to a related party. The Company recognized
the revenues from related party during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Evaluating
the identification of related party transaction and auditing the revenue recognized in the form of shares is highly judgmental as it
involves a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity due to the management s assessment and methodologies used in the valuation
and the significant assumptions used by the Company. 

To
test the proper revenue recognition and identification of related party transaction, we performed audit procedures that included, among
others, performing substantive testing on the existence of customer arrangements, inquiring of management to gain an understanding of
the nature and scope of the related consulting service, reading public filings of the related party and evaluating the sufficiency of
audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of procedures performed over the identification of related party transactions. To test
the proper valuation of the investment securities, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, not limited to, evaluating
the methodologies used in the valuation and the significant assumptions used by the Company. 

Valuation
and impairment of investment 

As
described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded the investments, at fair value, categorized as Level
1 through Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of these investments is determined by management using the valuation
techniques and significant observable and unobservable inputs depending on the fair value hierarchy. The Company also recorded impairment
of investment during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the change in the investment securities. 

F- 3 

Auditing
the fair value of the Company s investments within the fair value hierarchy involved a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity
due to the management s assessments of significant observable and unobservable inputs depending on the fair value hierarchy and
methodologies used in the valuation and the significant assumptions and used by the Company. 

To
test the proper valuation and impairment of the investment, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, not limited to,
evaluating the methodologies used in the valuation and the significant assumptions and inputs used by the Company. 

Deconsolidation
of Subsidiary 

As
described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company deconsolidated one of its subsidiaries upon entering into a
share exchange agreement. The difference between the carrying value of the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary that were deconsolidated
resulted in a gain from deconsolidation. The Company received shares of common stock in the publicly traded entity from the share exchange
agreement. 

Auditing
the fair value of the Company s carrying value of assets and liabilities at the date of deconsolidation involved a high degree
of auditor judgment specifically on the management s assessments on valuation of the shares received from the share exchange agreement
and the carrying value of the subsidiary s assets and liabilities. 

To
test the accounting for the deconsolidation of the subsidiary, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, obtaining and
evaluating the share exchange agreement and other information that corroborated management s assessment of the carrying value of
the subsidiary s assets and liabilities. We then compared them to our assessments. 

To
test the valuation of the shares received from the share exchange agreement, we performed audit procedures that included, among others,
inquiring of management to gain an understanding of the nature and scope of the share exchange agreement, reading the filing of the publicly
traded entity the Company entered into the share exchange with, and evaluating the methodologies used in the valuation, and the significant
assumptions and inputs used by the Company. 

/s/
Liggett Webb, P.A. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

PCAOB
ID: 287 

Boynton
Beach, Florida 

March
31, 2022 

F- 4 

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Financial Statements. 

Balance
Labs, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Interest receivable, net of allowance of 
 - 

Marketable securities 

Note receivable, net of discount of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 and allowance of 
 and 
 - 

Total Current Assets 

Other Assets 

Due from related party 
 - 

Investment at fair value 
 - 

Total Other Assets 
 - 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable - related party 

Short -term advances - related party 

Convertible note payable 

Convertible notes payable - related party, net of debt discount of and as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 

Notes payable - related party 

Accumulated losses of unconsolidated investees in excess of investment 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Convertible note payable, net of debt discount of and as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 

Total Long Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value: authorized , and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Stockholders Deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

Balance
Labs, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues - related party 

Costs and expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Professional fees 

Salaries and wages 

General and administrative expenses - related party 

Total operating expenses 

Income (Loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Bad debt on note receivable and related accrual interest 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss allocated from equity method investee 
 
 ) 
 
 Accreted interest income and interest income on note receivable 

Gain on disposal of non-controlling investment 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense (includes amortization of debt discount) 

Impairment of an investment 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Gain on deconsolidation of Krypto Ventures, Inc. 
 - 

Total other expense net 

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 - 

Net Loss attributable to the Company 

Net Loss per share basic 

Net Loss per share diluted 

Weighted average number of shares basic 

Weighted average number of shares - diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Balance
Labs, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

Net loss - including non-controlling interest 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used) provided by operations 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of expense on note receivable 

Depreciation expense 
 - 

Amortization of website development costs 
 - 

Bad debt on note receivable and related interest receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of an investment 
 - 

Net loss from equity method investment 

Investment received in exchange for consulting services 
 - 

Unrealized (gain) on available - for - sale securities 

Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary (Krypto Ventures, Inc.) 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Gain on disposal of non-controlling investment 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase) decrease in 

Accounts receivable 

Interest receivable 

Prepaids 
 - 

Increase (decrease) in 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 

Accumulated losses on unconsolidated investees in excess of investment 

Net cash from (used in) operating activities 

Investing activities 

Notes receivable 
 - 

Website development cost 
 - 

Cash disposed in deconsolidation of subsidiary 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of note payable, related party 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible note payable, related party, net 
 - 

Proceeds from short term advances, related parties 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

Net increase in cash 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income tax 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Investment at fair value received from issuance of note receivable 
 - 

Beneficial conversion features on convertible notes payable - related party 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Balance
Labs, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

December 31, 2020 

Beneficial conversion 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

BALANCE
LABS, INC. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

for the year of 2022 and stockholders deficit of as of December 31,
2022. There is substantial doubt about the Company to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the date of these financial statements were issued. This will not sustain the Company without
additional funds. Management plans to raise additional capital within the next year ended that will sustain its operations for the next
year. In addition, the Company will begin an active marketing campaign to market its services. There can be no assurance that such a
plan will successful. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

and in cash equivalents, respectively. 

on the investment in iGrow Systems which is included as Gain on
disposal of non-controlling interest on the accompanying statement of operations. iGrow Systems Inc has closed and is no longer in operations
as of December 31, 2022. 

shares from EZFill Holdings, Inc, a related party, for past services, with each share
valued at 1 each. At the time of acquiring these shares, EZFill Holdings, Inc. was not a publicly traded company. 

On
September 14, 2021, the S-1 Registration Statement for EZFill Holdings, Inc. was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission. As a result of becoming a publicly traded company, our investment is now recorded at fair value as available-for-sale securities
on December 31, 2022, with the gains and losses being recorded through other income on the consolidated statements of operations. 

On
November 18, 2020, the Company executed a two (2) year, third-party consulting agreement for various corporate services. The current
service agreement has expired effective November 18, 2022. In connection with this agreement, and with the effectiveness of the
Company s Form S-1 registration statement, the Company was entitled to compensation as follows: 

shares of common stock having a fair value of /share), each based on a recent cash price of the related party, 

A one time payment of 
upon completion of the Company IPO, 

during the first year of the agreement, per month, with the 1st payment due 30 days after the completion of the Company s
IPO, 

during the second year of the agreement, per month, and 

on each anniversary of the agreement, shares of common stock. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company owned 
shares after a reverse stock split adjustment of and the fair value of the investment in EZFill Holdings, Inc. was reported on the balance sheet as Investment at
fair value - related party totaling /share).
The Company recorded an adjustment of 
for the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, as unrealized loss on securities. 

. 

The
Company holds one investment as of December 31, 2022, and two investments as of December 31, 2021. 

In
2021, our investment in Bang Holdings Corp., was fully impaired due to the Company being delisted from OTC Pink Sheets and not having
a liquid trading market at that time. The Company recorded an impairment expense of . 

shares of common stock in Krypto Ventures, Inc. for shares of common stock in W Technologies Inc. W Tech ),
an unrelated party in a Share Exchange Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the investment has a fair value of , due to the stock being
illiquid, and it is recorded on our consolidated balance sheet using the equity method. During twelve months ended December 31, 2022,
the Company had no unrealized gain or losses from this investment. On November 17, 2021, W Tech repurchased all the shares owned by the
Company and the Company no longer owns any portion of Krypto Ventures Inc. s and W Tech s outstanding shares of common stock
(see Note 9). 

On
January 29, 2021, the Company received ownership of Pharmacy No, 27, Ltd, a company based in Israel, as part of a Note Receivable
from a third party (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, the investment has a fair value of , based upon the quoted closing trading
price and it is recorded on our consolidated balance sheet using the equity method. During each twelve months ended December 31, 2022,
the Company recorded of unrealized loss from this investment. 

shares of common stock in Krypto Ventures, Inc. for shares of common stock in W Technologies Inc W Tech ),
an unrelated party having a fair value of due to the stock being illiquid. As a result, Krypto Ventures, Inc was deconsolidated. The
Company recognized a gain on deconsolidation of as follows: 

Trademark 

Intangible assets net 

Total assets assigned to W Tech 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to Related Party 

Due to Lyons Capital, LLC 

Note payable 

Total liabilities assumed by W Tech 

Total net liabilities assumed by W Tech 

Gain on deconsolidation of Krypto Ventures, Inc. 

,
which consist of common shares held in one (1) investment which currently is trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB).
At December 31, 2022, the Company owned 
shares after a reverse stock split adjustment of and the fair value of the investment in EZFill Holdings, Inc. was
reported on the balance sheet as Investment at fair value - related party totaling /share).
Recorded an adjustment of for the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, as unrealized loss on securities. 

in
iGrow Systems Inc., iGrow Systems Inc has closed and is no longer in operations as of December 31, 2022. 

and warrants and and
 shares from convertible notes payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were anti-dilutive. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments the Company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. For certain of our
financial instruments, including cash, accounts payable, and the short-term portion of long-term debt, the carrying amounts approximate
fair value due to their short maturities. 

We
adopted accounting guidance for financial and non-financial assets and liabilities (ASC 820). This standard defines fair value, provides
guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements, but
rather applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to
measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market
prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow), and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity
of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used
to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels: 

Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed
by us, which reflect those that a market participant would use. 

- 
 - 
 
 Total Assets measured at fair value 

- 
 - 

The
following table presents certain assets of the Company s measured and recorded at fair value on the Company s balance sheet
on a recurring basis and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2021. 

Total 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Fair-value equity securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Fair-value equity securities-RP 

- 
 
 Total Assets measured at fair value 

- 
 - 

In September 31, 2021, the Company reclassified its EzFill investment of of available-for-sale securities previously reported
as Level 3 to Level 1 assets on the fair value hierarchy because the investment is valued based on quoted market price using observable
inputs. 

The
Company accounted for its investment in Bang Holdings, Corp as available-for-sale securities as level 3 due to unobservable inputs in
which little or no market data exists. In 2021, the investment in Bang Holdings Corp. was fully impaired due to the Company being delisted
from OTC Pink Sheets and not having a liquid trading market at that time. The Company recorded an impairment expense of . 

and , respectively. 

. 

Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance of equipment are charged to expense as incurred. Major replacements and betterments are capitalized and depreciated
over the remaining useful lives of the related assets. 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 0 and respectively. There were no additions during the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

shares of common stock, par value, and shares of preferred stock, 
par value. 

Non-Controllin g
 Interest 

On
December 28, 2017, the Company sold a non-controlling interest in its subsidiary, KryptoBank Co. for 
 equal to 
of the outstanding equity. On January 17, 2018, the Company sold an additional 
in its subsidiary KryptoBank Co. for .
On November 17, 2021, W Technologies Inc. W Tech repurchased all the shares owned by the Company and the Company no longer
owns any portion of Krypto Ventures Inc. s and W Tech s outstanding shares of common stock. 

Warrants 

On
September 30, 2016, The Company s CEO loaned the Company . In addition to paying interest at , the Company issued 
warrants at an exercise price of per share expired on . 

On
October 3, 2019, the Company received 
from The Sammy Farkas Foundation in exchange for a promissory note which bears 
interest per annum and matured on or upon the Company raising 
from outside investors, whichever occurs first. In conjunction with The Sammy Farkas Foundation agreement the Company issued
warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
per share the warrants expired on . 

Volatility 

Annual rate of Quarterly Dividends 

Discount Rate - Bond Equivalent Yield 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022 the warrants had intrinsic value because the exercise price was higher than that of the stock price in the available
market. 

which loan has an interest rate of 
per annum and a maturity date of . As of December 31, 2022, this receivable is fully reserved against. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded 
and ,
respectively, of interest income in relation to this note. 

On
January 29, 2021, Balance Labs Inc. made a loan to Four Acquisitions Ltd., an unrelated party in the principal amount of 
which has an interest rate of 
per annum and a maturity date of . Additionally, in connection with the loan, the Company received a 
interest in the recently acquired business and related assets of Four Acquisitions Ltd. Initially, this investment had a purchase
price of ,
which was recorded as a discount from the note which will be amortized over the life of the note. The Company recorded an allowance
of 100 against this receivable of 
as of December 31, 2022, plus accrued interest of . 

per month through June 30, 2022. This agreement was terminated effective June 30, 2022. The following compensation was recorded within general and administrative expenses related parties on the
statements of operations: 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 
and ,
respectively, of compensation was unpaid and was included in accounts payable related party on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

On
April 1, 2016, the Company received 
 from Newell Trading
Group in exchange for a convertible debenture due April 2, 2017 bearing interest at 
and convertible into common stock at 
 per share unless the
note is paid by the Company prior to the election of the holder to convert. The Company recognized a beneficial conversion feature expense
of 
 that has been fully
amortized. As of December 31, 2021, accrued interest on the note is .
On October 3, 2019, Newell Trading Group assigned its rights and interests in its 
 convertible debenture
to the Sammy Farkas Foundation Inc., (the Foundation ), a related party. The convertible note payable, net of debt
discount of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of and ,
respectively was recorded under long term liability on the balan ce
sheet. 

Debt
 discount 

Convertible
 note payable long term 

The
Foundation then entered into an agreement with the Company to extend the maturity date of the convertible debenture to in exchange
for 
 shares of the Company s
stock. The shares have a fair value of 
 which was recorded as
a debt discount and was being amortized over the life of the extension. On November 11, 2019, The Sammy Farkas Foundation transferred
all the rights and interests of the note to another party, 16th Avenue Associates, a non-related party company. The terms remain the same and the transfer has no
effect on the financial statements. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company amortized 
 and ,
respectively of debt discount. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining debt discount was . 

During
2016, 2017, and 2019 Balance Group LLC loaned an additional 
to the Company. The notes are in default and have an accrued interest balance of . The note balance of is included in the note payable related party in current liability as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

On
October 3, 2019, the Company received 
from The Foundation in exchange for a promissory note which bears 
interest per annum and matured on or upon the Company raising 
from outside investors, whichever occurs first. The promissory note is currently in default, and as of December 31, 2021, accrued
interest on the note is . The note balance of is included in the note payable related party in current liability as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

The promissory note comes with a warrant
to purchase shares of the Company s stock with an exercise price of per share and expired on . The
warrants have a relative fair value of , which was recorded as a debt discount and fully amortized. 

The Foundation 

Note Payable related party 

On
June 27, 2021, the Company received from
the CEO in exchange for a convertible promissory note with a face value of which
bears 
interest per annum and matures on , or upon
the Company raising from
investors, whichever occurs first. The note balance of is included in the convertible notes payable - related party, net of
debt discount of and , as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. The difference between the amount
received and the face value of was
recorded as a discount and is being amortized over the life of the note. Additionally, the note comes with a beneficial conversion
feature of which
was also recorded as a component of equity in 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued interest of and is recorded in the accrued expenses on the balance sheet. 

On
September 30, 2016, Balance Group LLC loaned 
 as a convertible note
payable to the Company at an interest rate of ,
due on . In addition,
the Company issued 
 warrants at an exercise
price of 
 which expired on (See Note 9).
 The note is currently in default and is currently recorded under convertible payable 
related party in current liabilities in the balance sheet. The accrued interest balance of 
 is recorded in the accrued expenses on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Note Payable from CEO 

Convertible note payable- related party 

On
July 9, 2021, Krypto Ventures, Inc. formerly known as KryptoBank Co. issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of to
Lyons Capital LLC, a significant shareholder of Krypto Ventures, Inc. The note carries an interest rate of and is due on the earlier
of July 8, 2022, or the date on which Krypto Ventures, Inc. raises at least . As of July 29, 2021, the Company has accrued interest
of . The note and accrued interest were deconsolidated as part of deconsolidation of Krypto Ventures, Inc. (See Notes 3). 

On
June 29, 2021, Balance Labs Inc. made a loan to Krypto Ventures, Inc, formerly known as KryptoBank Co., a related party in the principal
amount of which loan has an interest rate of per annum and a maturity date of . For the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company recorded of interest income in relation to this note. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the CEO and companies controlled by the CEO have loaned the Company a total of in
addition to the convertible notes discussed above. The loans carry an interest rate of 
and mature one year and one day from the date of the loan. These loans of 
and the accrued interest on these loans of 
are in default as of December 31, 2022. These loans of are in default and are reported under short
-term advances from related party on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Krypto
Ventures Inc, formerly known as KryptoBank Co., as part of its initial funding, borrowed an additional from its shareholders
during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. The notes have a stated interest rate of compounded annually and are due on demand.
The balance outstanding as of July 29, 2021, is . The Company has accrued interest of as of July 29, 2021. The notes
and accrued interest were deconsolidated as part of deconsolidation of Krypto Ventures, Inc. (See Notes 3). 

On
July 27, 2016, the Company signed a sublease (the Master Lease with an entity partially owned by a related party to sub-lease
approximately square feet located at 1691 Michigan Ave, Miami Beach, Florida 33139, beginning August 1, 2016 and ending December
31, 2019 at a monthly base rental of per month until July 31, 2017, per month from August 1, 2017 to July 31, 2018, and
 from August 1, 2018 to the sublease termination date. In addition to base rent, the Company will have to pay of the CAM charges
as additional rent. On or about January 15, 2017, the Company was made aware that the Master Lease for the office space was in default.
Consequently, the Company ceased payments. On or about March 31, 2017, the Company was served with an eviction notice as the Master Lease
was still in default. The Company has partially settled the claim under the sublease and has accrued on its books to cover any
further claims. Beginning October 2020, the Company is leasing a virtual office with a new landlord: Spaces, paying only per month.
The lease was terminated on October 2021. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 

On
December 2, 2020, the Company received shares from EZFill Holdings Inc., a related party, in exchange for consulting services
provided in the past and as part of an agreement between both parties. The shares are valued at each. The shares received are not
publicly traded. Each share valued at each based on a recent cash price of the related party. The investment is reflected on the consolidated
balance sheet as an investment in a related party. On September 14, 2021, the S-1 Registration Statement for EZFill Holdings, Inc. was
declared effective by Securities and Exchange Commission. This investment is recorded at fair value as available-for-sale securities
as of December 31, 2021, and using cost method as of December 31, 2020, with the gains and losses being recorded through other income
(expense) on the consolidated income statement for the year then ended. In addition, the Company received an additional shares per year of the service agreement of EzFill common
stock. 

was recorded through other expense on the income statement for the
period then ended. 

Consultin g
 Fees 

The
Company paid its CEO 
per month as compensation on a month-to-month basis however this terminated in the second quarter of 2022. It was recorded in general and administrative expenses-related parties on
the consolidated statement of operations. 

to Lyons Capital LLC, a significant shareholder of Krypto Ventures, Inc. The note carries an interest rate of 
and is due on the earlier of July 8, 2022 or the date on which Krypto Ventures, Inc. raises at least .
As of July 29, 2021, the Company has accrued interest of .
The note and accrued interest were deconsolidated as part of deconsolidation of Krypto Ventures, Inc. (See Notes 3). The loan balance is recorded as current convertible note payable on the
balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Krypto
Ventures Inc, formerly known as KryptoBank Co., as part of its initial funding, borrowed an additional from its shareholders
during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. The notes have a stated interest rate of compounded annually and are due on demand.
The balance outstanding as of July 29, 2021 is . The Company has accrued interest of as of July 29, 2021. The notes and
accrued interest were deconsolidated as part of deconsolidation of Krypto Ventures, Inc. (See Notes 3). 

On
May 7, 2020, the Company (the Borrower received a note payable in the amount of from Wells Fargo Bank (the Lender as part of the Paycheck Protection Program under the CARES Act. The interest rate is . Payments shall be due and payable monthly in
the amount of commencing on September 2021. The note shall mature on , at which time all unpaid principal, accrued
interest, and any other unpaid amounts shall be due and payable in full. Unless otherwise agreed, all sums received from the borrower
may be applied to interest, fees, principal, or any other amounts due to Lender in any order at Lender s sole discretion. The Borrower
may apply for the loan to be forgiven in whole or in part. As of December 31, 2021, the accrued interest on the note is . Furthermore,
the Company applied for Loan Forgiveness. On August 13, 2021, the Company received notification that the loan along with accrued interest
were fully forgiven. 

Convertible
Notes Payable 

On
April 1, 2016, the Company received 
from Newell Trading Group in exchange for a convertible debenture due bearing interest at 
and convertible into common stock at 
per share unless the note is paid by the Company prior to the election of the holder to convert. The Company recognized a beneficial
conversion feature expense of 
that has been fully amortized. As of December 31, 2021, accrued interest on the note is .
On October 3, 2019, Newell Trading Group assigned its rights and interests in its 
convertible debenture to the Sammy Farkas Foundation Inc., (the Foundation ), a related party. The Foundation then
entered into an agreement with the Company to extend the maturity date of the convertible debenture to October 10, 2024 in exchange
for 
shares of the Company s stock. The shares have a fair value of 
which was recorded as a debt discount and amortized over the life of the extension. On November 11, 2019, The Sammy Farkas
Foundation transferred all the rights and interests of the note to another party, 16th Avenue Associates. The terms remain the same
and the transfer has no effect on the financial statements. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company amortized
 
and ,
respectively of debt discount. The convertible note payable, net of debt discount of and as of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 was and , respectively, and was recorded under long term liability on the balance sheet. 

Debt discount 

Convertible note payable long term 

, effective
as of January 1, 2018; limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense; limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to
80 of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks, in each case, for losses arising in taxable years
beginning after December 31, 2017 (though any such tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely); modifying or repealing many business
deductions and credits, including reducing the business tax credit for certain clinical testing expenses incurred in the testing of certain
drugs for rare diseases or conditions generally referred to as orphan drugs and repeal of the federal Alternative Minimum
Tax AMT ). 

Unrealized gains 

Impairment losses on investment 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

State Effect on tax rate, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision (benefit) 
 - 
 - 

of federal and state net operating loss carryovers NOLs ). From this amount, expire after 20 years, and can be carried back 2 years, according to the old tax law, while 627,000 can be carried forward indefinitely and
cannot be carried back, in accordance with the new tax rules. The valuation allowance increased by approximately for the year ended December 31, 2022, and increased by for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company, after considering all available evidence, fully reserved its deferred tax assets since it is more likely than not that such
benefits may be realized in future periods. The Company has not yet established that it can generate taxable income. The Company will
continue to evaluate its deferred tax assets to determine whether any changes in circumstances could affect the realization of their
future benefit. If it is determined in future periods that portions of the Company s deferred tax assets satisfy the realization
standards, the valuation allowance will be reduced accordingly. 

F- 20 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure and Control Procedures 

Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this annual Report on Form 10-K, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that: 

(1) 
 Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the issuer; 

(2) 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and 

(3) 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, is appropriately recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the specified time periods. 

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered
by this annual Report on Form 10-K, based on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO 2013 ). 

Based
on this assessment, management concluded that as of the year covered by this annual Report on Form 10-K, it had material weaknesses in
its internal control procedures. 

17 

As
of the year covered by this annual Report on Form 10-K, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective.
The Company s assessment identified certain material weaknesses which are set forth below: 

Functional
Controls, Lack of Audit Committee and Segregation of Duties 

Because
of the Company s limited resources, there are limited controls over information processing. 

The
Company does not have an audit committee and therefore there is no independent review and independent oversight over the Company s
financial reporting. 

There
is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company s management is composed of a small number
of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation, we would
need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently, it is not feasible to hire additional staff to obtain
optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter at end of the fiscal year to determine whether improvement in segregation
of duty is feasible. 

Accordingly,
as the result of identifying the above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the
Company s internal controls. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our small size.
Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial actions upon
receiving funding for the Company s business operations. 

This
annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report herein. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,
during our most recently completed fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
That Prevent Inspections 

None. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Michael
 D. Farkas 
 
 50 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Ari
 Feldman 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Carmen
 Villegas 
 
 35 
 
 Secretary
 and Director 
 
 Aviv
 Hillo 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Michael
D. Farkas, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

18 

Mr.
Farkas is serving as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company. 

Mr.
Farkas has served as the Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board of Directors of Car Charging Group, Inc. since 2010. Mr. Farkas
is the founder and manager of The Farkas Group, a privately held investment firm. Mr. Farkas also currently holds the position of Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of the Atlas Group, where its subsidiary, Atlas Capital Services, a broker-dealer, has successfully raised
capital for a number of public and private clients until it withdrew its FINRA registration in 2007. Over the last 20 years, Mr. Farkas
has established a track record as a principal investor across a variety of industries, including telecommunications, technology, aerospace
and defense, agriculture, and automotive retail. 

Ari
Feldman, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr
Feldman has served as the Chief Financial Officer since May of 2022. Mr Feldman has over 20 years of financial accounting experience
with both Private and Public Company experience. In addition, he is currently a CPA with an active license. 

Carmen
Villegas, Secretary and Director 

Ms.
Villegas has served as Secretary and Director of Balance Labs, Inc. since January 15, 2015. Ms. Villegas is currently the Executive Assistant
at Blink Charging, Inc., a publicly traded company and the Farkas Group, Inc. At both companies, Ms. Villegas assists the President and
CEO in matters such as meeting schedules, appointments, conferences and travel arrangements. Ms. Villegas also assists the accounting
department with file/database maintenance and record-keeping. Ms. Villegas also helps the executives receive and distribute correspondence
to the appropriate department and personnel, as well as other administrative tasks in support of the companies daily operations. 

Ms.
Villegas holds an Associate in Arts Degree in Business Administration Accounting and is currently pursuing a Bachelor s Degree
in Business Administration with a minor in Psychology at Florida International University. 

Aviv
Hillo, Director 

Mr.
Hillo is co-founder of Ariel Photonics Assembly Ltd., a leading laser-based products and applications company in Israel, and has been
its Deputy CEO, Legal Advisor and Business Advisor since August 2007. Mr. Hillo has been a partner at Schechter Hillo Law Offices (previously
Yerushalmi Hillo Law Offices) since 2004, and is the CEO and founder of Edison Capital Ltd. since 2013. He is a skilled international
business lawyer with a 20-year established track record both in Israel and New York, handling cross-border transactions and litigations.
Mr. Hillo is also an experienced executive and investor across a variety of industries including defense technology, real estate, biotechnology,
mobile apps, and internet marketplace platforms. During the years of 1998 to 2003, he practiced law at Yerushalmi Associate as
an associate and partner in New York City. He served as the CEO and director of Ensave 2000, LLC, and as legal advisor and director in
Mobile Homes International, LLC. Mr. Hillo was a shareholder and legal advisor for LSL Biotechnologies, Inc. He served on the board of
 Misdar Dorshei Tov , an Israeli non-for profit organization between 1994 and 1996. Mr. Hillo graduated from the Tel Aviv
School of Law in 1993, and received his Master s Degree (cum laude) in Banking, Corporate and Finance Law at Fordham School of
Law in 2001. He was admitted to the Israeli Bar in 1994 and to the New York State Bar in 1999. Mr. Hillo served in an elite Israeli military
unit as a commander and officer (Major), and was honorably released in 2006. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the
board. 

We
currently do not have employment agreements with our executive officers and directors. 

Family
Relationships 

There
is no family relationship among any of our directors or executive officers. 

19 

Director
Independence 

For
purposes of determining director independence, we have applied the definitions set out in NASDAQ Rule 4200(a)(15). Under NASDAQ Rule
4200(a)(15), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation
or has been, at any time during the past three years, employed by the company. Accordingly, we do not have any independent director as
of the date of this 10-K. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers has been: 

the
 subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted
 in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject
 to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or any
 Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any
 type of business, securities or banking activities; 

found
 by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law; 

the
 subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation;
 (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or
 permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

the
 subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
 authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has not adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

The
Company has not established any committees of the board. 

Board
of Directors Meetings and Attendance 

The
Board of Directors held 2 meeting in 2022. We have no formal policy regarding director attendance at the annual meeting of stockholders. 

Compliance
with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act 

Because
we do not have a class of equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, we are not subject to Section. 

20 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid
by us during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Non- 

Equity Incentive 
 Non- Qualified 
 All 

Name and 

Stock 
 Option 
 Plan 
 Deferred 
 Other 

Principal 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Totals 
 
 Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 Earnings ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Michael D. Farkas 
 2022 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 President and CEO (1) 
 2021 
 120,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 120,000 
 
 Ari Feldman 
 2022 
 21,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 21,000 

(1) 
 Mr. Farkas resigned as Chief Executive Officer on January 15, 2015 and
reappointed as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer on September 11, 2015. On July 18, 2022, Mr. Farkas resigned
as Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to certain consulting agreement between Mr. Farkas and the Company, Mr. Farkas is entitled to a monthly
consulting service fee of 10,000 per month thru June 30, 2022. As of the date hereof, Mr. Farkas has not received any payment for his
services provided and such amounts have been accrued. 

Option
Grants Table 

There
were no individual grants of stock options to purchase our common stock made to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation
Table for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plan Awards Table 

None. 

Employment
Agreements and Consulting Agreements 

Pursuant
to certain consulting agreement between Mr. Farkas and the Company, Mr. Farkas is entitled to a monthly consulting service fee of
 10,000 per month thru June 30, 2022. As of the date hereof, Mr. Farkas has not received any payment for his services provided and
such amounts have been accrued. 

Other
than the above, we currently we do not have an employment agreement in place with our officers and directors. 

No
retirement, pension, profit sharing, insurance programs, long-term incentive plans or other similar programs have been adopted by us
for the benefit of our employees. We may however implement such long-term equity incentive plans in the future. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, no member of the Board of Directors was paid any compensation for serving on the board. 

21 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of the date hereof with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares,
the sole outstanding class of our voting securities, by (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding ordinary shares of the Company, (ii) each executive officer and director,
and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Ordinary shares subject to options,
warrants or convertible securities exercisable or convertible within 60 days as of the date hereof are deemed outstanding for computing
the percentage of the person or entity holding such options, warrants or convertible securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing
the percentage of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of all listed stockholders is c/o Balance Labs, Inc., 407
Lincoln Road, Suite 701, Miami Beach, FL 33139. 

Name 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (3)(4) 
 Percent of Class (1) 

Michael D. Farkas (2) 
 12,987,415 
 59.9 

Carmen Villegas 
 150,000 

Aviv Hillo 
 - 
 0 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (3 individuals) 
 13,137,415 
 60.6 

5 or Greater Shareholders 

Balance Holdings LLC (2) 
 11,888,889 
 54.99 

Shilo Holding Group LLC (2) 
 1,098,526 
 5.08 

The Sammy Farkas Foundation 
 5,614,000 
 25.9 

(1) 
 Based on 21,674,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Michael D. Farkas holds 11,888,889, 1,400 and 1,098,526 shares of common stock through Balance Holdings, LLC, Shilo Security Solutions, Inc, and Shilo Holding Group LLC, respectively. 
 
 (3) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13D-3(a) of the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. 
 
 (4) 
 The percentages in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our common stock outstanding on that date and all shares of our common stock issuable to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges owned by that person at that date which are exercisable within 60 days of that date. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to the extent that power may be shared with a spouse. 

Less
than 1 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Except
as set forth in our discussion below none of our directors, director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any transactions
with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the SEC. 

The
Company s CEO earned 10,000 per month. The following compensation was recorded within general and administrative expenses 
related parties on the statements of operations: 60,000 and 120,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, 180,000 of compensation was unpaid and was included in accounts payable related parties on the balance
sheet. 

On
December 31, 2016, the CEO loaned 120,000 as a convertible note payable to the Company at an interest rate of 10 , due on October 1,
2017. In addition, the Company issued 600,000 warrants at an execution price of 1.00 which expired on October 1, 2019. The note is currently
in default and has an accrued interest balance of 75,058. See Note 8. 

22 

During
2016, 2017, and 2019, Balance Group loaned an additional 66,850 at an interest rate of 8 . The notes are currently in default and have
an accrued interest balance of 31,777. 

On
June 27, 2021, the Company received 50,000 from the CEO in exchange for a convertible promissory note with a face value of 53,192 which
bears 12 interest per annum and matures on June 27, 2022 or upon the Company raising 250,000 from investors, whichever occurs first.
The difference between the amount received and the face value of 3,192 was recorded as a discount and is being amortized over the life
of the note. Additionally, the note comes with a beneficial conversion feature of 3,799 which was also recorded as a discount and is
being amortized over the life of the note. As of December 31, 2021 the Company has accrued interest of 9,636. 

As of December 31, 2022, the CEO and companies controlled
by the CEO have loaned the Company a total of 1,726,750 in addition to the convertible note discussed above. The loans carry an interest
rate of 8 and mature one year and one day from the date of the loan. The Company accrued interest of 488,749 on the loans and these
loans are in default as of December 31, 2022. 

On
July 27, 2016, the Company signed a sublease (the Master Lease with an entity partially owned by a related party to sub-lease
approximately 2200 square feet located at 1691 Michigan Ave, Miami Beach, Florida 33139, beginning August 1, 2016 and ending December
31, 2019 at a monthly base rental of 7,741 per month until July 31, 2017, 7,973 per month from August 1, 2017 to July 31, 2018, and
 8,212 from August 1, 2018 to the sublease termination date. In addition to base rent, the Company will have to pay 50 of the CAM charges
as additional rent. On or about January 15, 2017, the Company was made aware that the Master Lease for the office space was in default.
Consequently, the Company ceased payments. On or about March 31, 2017, the Company was served with an eviction notice as the Master Lease
was still in default. The Company has partially settled the claim under the sublease and has 16,725 accrued on its books to cover any
further claims. 

On
April 1, 2016, the Company received 500,000 from Newell Trading Group in exchange for a convertible debenture due April 2, 2017 bearing
interest at 10 and convertible into common stock at .25 per share unless the note is paid by the Company prior to the election of the
holder to convert. The Company recognized a beneficial conversion feature expense of 500,000 that has been fully amortized. As of December
31, 2022, accrued interest on the note is 337,671. On October 3, 2019, Newell Trading Group assigned its rights and interests in its 500,000
convertible debenture to the Sammy Farkas Foundation Inc., (the Foundation ), a related party. The Foundation then entered
into an agreement with the Company to extend the maturity date of the convertible debenture to October 10, 2024 in exchange for 54,000
shares of the Company s stock. The shares have a fair value of 56,700 which was recorded as a debt discount and amortized over
the life of the extension. On November 11, 2019, The Sammy Farkas Foundation transferred all the rights and interests of the note to
another party, 16th Avenue Associates. The terms remain the same and the transfer has no effect on the financial statements. 

On
October 3, 2019, the Company received 40,000 from The Foundation in exchange for a promissory note which bears 12 interest per annum
and matured on October 10, 2020 or upon the Company raising 500,000 from outside investors, whichever occurs first. The promissory note
comes with a warrant to purchase 40,000 shares of the Company s stock with an exercise price of 1.00 per share and expires on
October 10, 2022. The promissory note has accrued interest of 18,437 as of December 31, 2022. The warrants have a relative fair value
of 8,283, which was recorded as a debt discount and amortized over the life of the note. As of December 31, 2022, the note is in default
and debt discount is fully amortized. 

On
November 18, 2020, the Company executed a two (2) year, third-party consulting agreement for various corporate services. In connection
with this agreement, and with the effectiveness of the Company s Form S-1 registration statement, the Company was entitled to compensation
as follows: 

1,000,000 shares of common stock for past services provided through the effective date of consulting agreement, 

200,000, upon completion of IP which was completed on September 14, 2021, 

23 

during the first year of the agreement, 25,000 per month, with the 1 st payment due 30 days after the completion of the Company s
IPO, 

during the second year of the agreement, 22,500 per month; and 

on each anniversary of the agreement, 500,000 shares of common stock. 

All of the Company s revenues were earned from
EZFill Holdings, Inc, a related party, totaling 270,000 and 624,590 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Michael Farkas, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, beneficially owns approximately 26.1 of the outstanding common stock of EZFill Holdings Inc. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following table presents for each of the last two fiscal years the aggregate fees billed in connection with the audits of our consolidated
financial statements and other professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm, Assurance Dimensions
for the fiscal year 2022 and Liggett Webb, PA for the fiscal year ended 2021. 

2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees (1) 
 15,000 
 38,129 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

Total Accounting fees and Services 
 15,000 
 38,129 

1) 
 Audit
 Fees. These are fees for professional services for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, and for the review
 of the consolidated financial statements included in our filings on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided
 in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 2) 
 Audit-Related
 Fees. These are fees for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance
 of the audit or review of the registrant s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3) 
 Tax
 Fees. These are fees for professional services rendered by the principal accountant with respect to tax compliance, tax advice and
 tax planning. 
 
 4) 
 All
 Other Fees. These are fees for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above. 

24 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-laws (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 10 Convertible Debenture by and between the Company and Newel dated April 1, 2016 (3) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock by and between the Company and Newel dated April 1, 2016 (3) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of Securities (6) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated June 28, 2021 (5) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Consulting Agreement between Michael Farkas and the Company dated February 6, 2015 (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Service Agreement between Bang Holdings Corp. and the Company dated August 22, 2014 (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 17, 2015, by and between Balance Labs, Inc. and certain investors (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Investment Agreement by and between the Company and Newel dated April 1, 2016 (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and Newel dated April 1, 2016 (3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note between Four Acquisitions Tech LTD and Balance Labs, Inc. dated September 30, 2021 (6) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note between Four Acquisitions Tech Ltd. and Balance Labs, Inc. dated January 29, 2021 (6) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Promissory note (6) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries (4) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 3.02 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 16, 2015. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 8, 2016. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on Mary 28, 2020. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021. 
 
 (6)
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 17 th of April, 2023. 

BALANCE
 LABS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
Michael
 D. Farkas 

Michael
 D. Farkas 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
Michael
 D. Farkas 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Michael
 D. Farkas 
 
 and
 Chairman of the Board 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
Ari Feldman 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Ari Feldman 
 
 (Principal
Financial Officer) 

/s/
Carmen
 Villegas 
 
 Secretary
 and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Carmen
 Villegas 

/s/ Aviv
 Hillo 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Aviv
 Hillo 

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Michael Farkas, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Balance Labs, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this interim report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Michael Farkas 

Michael
 Farkas 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Ari Feldman, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Balance Labs, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this interim report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Ari
 Feldman 

Ari
 Feldman 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Balance Labs, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael D. Farkas, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Michael D. Farkas 

Michael
 D. Farkas 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Balance Labs, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ari Feldman, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Ari Feldman 

Ari
 Feldman 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 blnc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 blnc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 blnc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 blnc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

