<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230419_10-K_edgar_data_1357671_0001213900-23-030833.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12816783</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>330738</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1934539</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3592590</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3192059</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3367509</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030833.hdr.sgml : 20230419
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230419070526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030833
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230419
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230419

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Creatd, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001357671
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ALLIED TO MOTION PICTURE PRODUCTION [7819]
		IRS NUMBER:				870645394
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39500
		FILM NUMBER:		23828446

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		419 LAFAYETTE STREET, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-258-3770

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		419 LAFAYETTE STREET, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Great Plains Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LILM, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060329

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030833.txt : 20230419

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_creatdinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which 
registered N/A 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of a large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One) 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of
the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 

As of April 17, 2023, the Company had shares
of its common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of the shares of common stock, par value 0.001
per share held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on 0.74 (on a post-reverse stock split basis),
the closing price of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share on that date. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
No. 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Description of the Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 27 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

PART II 
 
 28 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 28 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 37 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 37 

PART III 
 
 38 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 43 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 46 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 47 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 47 

PART IV 
 
 48 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 48 

Exhibit Index 
 48 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 52 

Signatures 
 53 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual
Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements contained in this
Annual Report, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position,
our business strategy and plans, potential growth or growth prospects, future research and development, sales and marketing and general
and administrative expenses, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as believes, 
 may, will, estimates, potential, continues, anticipates, 
 intends, expects, could, would, projects, plans, targets, 
and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial
condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs.
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in the Risk
Factors in this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report
and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that disclose risks
and uncertainties that may affect our business. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks
emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and circumstances discussed
in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the
forward-looking statements. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
performance, or achievements. In addition, the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are made as of the date of this filing,
and we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim any duty, to update such statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report
or to conform statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. 

You should read this Annual Report and the documents
that we reference herein and have filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results,
performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Creatd, Inc. provides economic opportunities for
creators through access to its curated social platform called Vocal, enabling creators to share their stories, build an audience,
and be rewarded. In addition to revenues generated directly from the platform from subscribers and microtransactions, the existence
of Vocal, and the first-party data it produces, has resulted in the creation of numerous derivative business opportunities for the Company.
Secondary opportunities with the potential to eventually exceed the core Vocal revenues include well-known brands activating through the
Vocal platform under Creatd s Vocal for Brands business unit. In addition to this branded content production, the
establishment of a portfolio of consumer brands owned and operated in-house, will similarly leverage the core data and intelligence derived
from the Company s core Vocal platform. 

Creator-Centric Strategy 

Creatd exists to support the boundless capacity of creators. Our mission
is to empower creators by providing best-in-class tools, supportive audience communities, and avenues for monetization. Our creator-first
approach is the cornerstone of our culture and purpose and is what drives every decision we make. We are committed to channeling
our resources toward fueling the dreams and ambitions of creators and helping them to unleash their full potential. 

That s why we built our flagship proprietary technology platform, Vocal a
home base for creators offering an unparalleled suite of digital tools and resources, curated communities, and monetization opportunities. 

Vocal 

Our flagship technology, Vocal, provides the Company
with a core platform that is highly scalable on its own but also provides the foundation upon which other revenue sources rely. The first
direct core business of Vocal has proven to be a scalable revenue source Creator Subscriptions. The core will be augmented in the
near term with the introduction of the ability for writers and creators to monetize their followings further by directly charging for
premium content such as newsletters. Vocal will charge a recurring commission on these new premium content subscriptions. As discussed
above, the core Vocal platform underlies numerous derivative revenue sources for the Company. 

Since its launch in 2016, Vocal has quickly become the go-to platform
for content creators of all kinds, with over 1.5 million registered creators and counting. Whether you re a blogger, social media influencer,
podcaster, founder, musician, photographer, or anything in between, Vocal has everything you need to unleash your creativity and monetize
your content. 

Creators can opt to use Vocal for free, or upgrade to the premium membership
tier, Vocal+. Upon joining Vocal, either as a freemium or premium member, creators can immediately begin to utilize Vocal s storytelling
tools to create and publish their stories, as well as benefit from Vocal s monetization features. 

At Creatd, we believe in rewarding creators for their hard work and
dedication. That s why we offer a range of monetization features on Vocal, whereby creators earn in numerous ways including i) the number
of reads their story receives; ii) via Vocal Challenges, or writing contests with cash prizes; iii) receiving Bonuses; iv)
by participating in Vocal for Brands marketing campaigns; v) through Subscribe, which enables creators to receive payment
directly from their audience via monthly subscriptions and one-off microtransactions; vi) via Vocal s Ambassador Program, which
enables creators to be compensated for referring new premium members. But what sets Vocal apart from other platforms is our commitment
to innovation and scalability. Built on Keystone, the same open-source framework used by industry leaders in the SaaS space, Vocal s technology
is designed for speed, sustainability, and scalability. And with our capital-light infrastructure and focus on research and development,
we are able to continuously improve and enhance the platform, without incurring the operational costs that have weighed down legacy media
platforms. 

Creatd firmly believes that the future belongs to creators. And with
Vocal, we re proud to be leading the charge in providing them with the tools, resources, and opportunities they need to succeed. 

1 

Branded Content 

In developing our creator ecosystem,
we came to understand that like individual creators, all brands have a unique story to tell. That s why we ve developed Vocal for Brands,
our in-house content studio that specializes in creating best-in-class organic marketing campaigns. Our approach combines the production
of branded content influencer and performance marketing initiatives that work together to increase sales, revenue, visibility, and brand
affinity for our clients. 

We work with leading brands to
pair them with our network of creators, tapping into their communities to help share their stories in a way that is engaging, direct-response
driven, and non-interruptive. Similarly, through Sponsored Challenges, we prompt the creation of thousands of high-quality stories that
are centered around the brand s mission, further disseminated through creators respective social channels and promotional outlets. 

Our campaigns are amplified with
the help of Vocal s first-party data insights, allowing us to create highly targeted, segmented audiences for brands with optimal
results. 

Consumer Products Group 

At Creatd, we
are proud of our internally owned and operated e-commerce businesses and associated technology and infrastructure. Our Consumer Products
Group has grown to become a significant revenue contributor and we continue to invest in our portfolio to support direct-to-consumer brands
with a wide range of services including design and development, marketing and distribution, and go-to-market strategies. We additionally
remain on the lookout for up-and-coming brands that can potentially be acquired and easily consolidated into our shared supply chain,
resources, and infrastructure to further broaden our portfolio. 

The Company s Consumer
Products portfolio currently includes: 

Camp ,
a direct-to-consumer (DTC) food brand which creates healthy upgrades to classic comfort food favorites. Each of Camp s products
is created with servings of vegetables and contains Vitamins A, C, D, E, B1, and B6. Since its launch in 2020, Camp continues to add new
products to its line of healthy, veggie-based, family-friendly foods, with flavors including Classic Cheddar Mac N Cheese,
White Cheddar Mac N Cheese, Vegan Cheezy Mac, and Twist Veggie Pasta. 

Dune Glow Remedy Dune ),
which the Company purchased and brought to market in 2021, is a beverage brand focused on promoting wellness and beauty from within. Each
beverage in Dune s product line is meticulously crafted with functional ingredients that nourish skin from the inside out and enhance
one s natural glow. During 2022, Dune has continued to advance its retail and wholesale distribution strategy, securing numerous
partnerships including with lifestyle retailer Urban Outfitters, Equinox, and the Los Angeles-based Erewhon Market. 

Basis is a hydrating electrolyte
drink mix that was acquired in the first quarter of 2022. This brand has a history of strong sales volume both on the brand s website
as well as through third-party distribution channels such as Amazon. 

Brave is a plant-based
food company that provides convenient and healthy breakfast food products. Our Company acquired 100 of the membership interests of Brave
Foods, LLC in September 2022. What started as a search for a better morning routine evolved into a business serving thousands of go-getters
of every type. We are thrilled to have these amazing brands as part of our portfolio and we are excited to continue expanding our Consumer
Products portfolio. 

IP Development and Production 

At Creatd, we re always looking for ways to
bring our creators stories to new audiences across different media. Our IP Development and Production efforts involve partnering
with our top creators to develop their content for television, film, podcasts, and print. With our cutting-edge Vocal platform, we have
access to a wealth of intellectual property that s constantly being curated by a blend of human moderation and advanced machine
learning models. Our Vocal technology allows us to analyze community, creator, and audience insights to surface the best candidates for
transmedia adaptations. We re committed to leveraging our vast library of compelling stories to create engaging and impactful content
across multiple platforms. As of early 2023, Creatd announced a series of newly released and production projects. They include podcasts,
books, and Web 3.0 opportunities. 

2 

Application of First-Party Data 

First-party data is information that a creator
platform collects directly from its users, such as their demographics, interests, and behaviors. By utilizing this data, Vocal s
creator platform can gain insights into its users preferences and tailor marketing campaigns accordingly. 

For example, a large segment of Vocal users is interested
in health and fitness, as evidenced through the Longevity community. This information can additionally be used not only to create more
personalized experiences for Vocal audiences, but additionally to help fitness-oriented brands create targeted campaigns for workout equipment,
supplements, or fitness apparel. With our ability to understand users niche interests and behaviors, the platform can create campaigns
that resonate with its audience and drive better engagement and conversions. 

The use of first-party data also helps the creator platform maintain
a closer relationship with its users, as it enables a more personalized experience of content consumption and engagement for Vocal users.
This can lead to higher retention rates, increased user loyalty, and improved user satisfaction. Finally, our business intelligence team
pairs first-party Vocal data with third-party data from distribution platforms such as Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, and Snapchat providing
a more granular profile of creators, brands, and audiences. By generating this valuable first-party data, the Company can continually
enrich and refine its targeting capabilities for branded content marketing and creator acquisition, specifically, to reduce creator acquisition
costs (CAC) and subscriber acquisition costs (SAC). 

Competitive Advantage 

The idea for Vocal came as a response to what Creatd s founders
recognized as systemic flaws inherent to the digital media industry and its operational infrastructures, and the competitive advantage
that a closed and safe platform ecosystem would provide. First-party data is widely understood as a tool for companies to collect and
analyze data about their users directly from the source, providing valuable insights into their behaviors, preferences, and interests.
Importantly, by leveraging this data within a closed and safe platform ecosystem, companies can create more personalized experiences for
their users, deliver more relevant content and advertising, and increase user engagement and retention. 

A secondary, and crucial, advantage of a closed ecosystem is that it
allows companies to control the user experience and ensure a high level of safety and security. By controlling the data that is shared
and the interactions that take place within the ecosystem, companies can minimize the risk of fraud, abuse, and other harmful behaviors
that can undermine user trust and loyalty. This can be particularly important in industries where user safety and privacy are paramount,
such as social networking, e-commerce, and financial services. 

Finally, the existence
of Vocal and its ecosystem enables the Company to optimize our operations and increase efficiencies, effectively creating a more defensible
business model by reducing the risk of competition and disintermediation. By controlling the data and interactions within the ecosystem,
we create barriers to entry for competitors and reduce the risk of users migrating to other platforms. This can be particularly important
in an industry such as Creatd s, in which network effects and economies of scale are critical to success, such as social networking,
e-commerce, and digital advertising. 

Leveraging these advantages
has enabled the Company to differentiate itself in the market, attract and retain users, and drive sustainable growth and profitability. 

Acquisition Strategy 

Creatd s strategic business line
expansion has led to the acquisition of several complementary businesses. These acquisitions have allowed Creatd to expand its reach and
diversify its revenue streams, enabling the company to leverage its internal resources and expertise to drive continued growth. In addition,
the acquisitions have provided opportunities for cost synergies and operational efficiencies, further enhancing the company s profitability
and positioning it for long-term success. 

3 

Revenue Model 

Creatd s revenues are primarily generated through: 

Platform: Creatd s flagship technology product, Vocal,
generates revenues through subscription fees from premium Vocal creators, a membership program known as Vocal+. The Vocal+ subscription
offering provides creators with increased monetization and access to premium tools and features. At approximately 10 per month, Vocal+
offers creators a strong value proposition for freemium users to upgrade, while providing a scalable source of monthly recurring gross
revenue for Creatd. Additional platform-based revenues are generated from Tipping and other transactions that occur on the platform. For
each such transaction, which are designed to enable Vocal audiences to engage and support their favorite creators, Vocal takes platform
processing fees ranging from approximately 3 to 7 . 

E-commerce : The majority of the Company s e-commerce revenues
comes from sales associated with Creatd s portfolio of internally owned and operated e-commerce businesses, Camp, Dune, Basis, and
Brave. Additionally, the Company s e-commerce strategy involves revitalizing archival imagery and media content in dormant legacy
portfolios. Creatd maintains an exclusive license to leverage the stories housed on Vocal, reimagining them for films, episodic shows,
games, graphic novels, collectibles, books, and more. 

Agency: The Company derives revenues from marketing partnerships
through its internal branded content studio, Vocal for Brands, which specializes in pairing leading brands with select Vocal creators
to produce content marketing campaigns, including sponsored Challenges, that leverage the power of Vocal. Branded stories and Challenges
are distributed to a targeted audience based on Vocal s first-party data, and are optimized for conversions to maximize revenue
growth. 

Corporate History and Information 

We were originally incorporated under the laws
of the State of Nevada on December 30, 1999 under the name LILM, Inc. The Company changed its name on December 3, 2013 to Great Plains
Holdings, Inc. 

On February 5, 2016 (the Merger Closing
Date ), we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with GPH Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada
corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary Merger Sub ), and Jerrick Ventures, Inc., a privately-held Nevada corporation
headquartered in New Jersey Jerrick ), pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into Jerrick, with Jerrick surviving
as our wholly-owned subsidiary (the Merger ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, we acquired, through a reverse
triangular merger, all of the outstanding capital stock of Jerrick in exchange for issuing Jerrick s shareholders (the Jerrick
Shareholders ), pro-rata, a total of 475,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ).
Additionally, we assumed 33,415 shares of Jerrick s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Jerrick Series A Preferred and 8,064 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Jerrick Series B Preferred ). 

Upon closing of the Merger on February 5, 2016,
the Company changed its business plan to our current plan. 

In connection with the Merger, on the Merger Closing
Date, we entered into a Spin-Off Agreement with Kent Campbell (the Spin-Off Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Campbell purchased
(i) all of our interest in Ashland Holdings, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, and (ii) all of our interest in Lil Marc, Inc.,
a Utah corporation, in exchange for the cancellation of 13,030 shares of our common stock held by Mr. Campbell. In addition, Mr. Campbell
assumed all of our debts, obligations and liabilities, including any existing prior to the Merger, pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the Spin-Off Agreement. 

Effective February 28, 2016, we entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Statutory Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which we became the parent company of Jerrick
Ventures, LLC, our wholly-owned operating subsidiary (the Statutory Merger ). 

4 

On February 28, 2016, we changed our name to Jerrick
Media Holdings, Inc. to better reflect our new business strategy. 

On July 25, 2019, we filed a certificate of amendment
to our articles of incorporation, as amended (the Amendment ), with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effectuate
a one-for-twenty (1:20) reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of our common stock without any change to its par
value. The Amendment became effective on July 30, 2019. The number of shares of authorized common stock was proportionately reduced as
a result of the Reverse Stock Split. The number of shares of authorized preferred stock was not affected by the Reverse Stock Split. No
fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split as all fractional shares were rounded up to the
next whole share. 

On September 11, 2019, the Company acquired 100 
of the membership interests of Seller s Choice, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company Seller s Choice ).
Seller s Choice is digital e-commerce agency based in New Jersey. On March 3, 2022, the Company settled the Seller s Choice
Note for a cash payment of 799,000. 

On July 13, 2020, upon approval from our board
of directors and stockholders, we filed Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada for the purpose of increasing our authorized shares of Common Stock to 100,000,000. 

On August 13, 2020, we filed a certificate of
amendment to our second amended and restated articles of incorporation (the Amendment ), with the Secretary of State of the
State of Nevada to effectuate a one-for-three (1:3) reverse stock split (the August 2020 Reverse Stock Split of our common
stock without any change to its par value. The Amendment became effective on August 17, 2020. No fractional shares were issued in connection
with the August 2020 Reverse Stock Split as all fractional shares were rounded down to the next whole share. All share and per share amounts
of our common stock listed in this Form 10-K have been adjusted to give effect to the August 2020 Reverse Stock Split. 

On September 9, 2020, the Company filed a certificate
of amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to change our name to Creatd, Inc. , which became effective
on September 10, 2020. 

On
June 4, 2021, the Company acquired 89 of the membership interests of Plant Camp, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Plant
Camp ), which the Company subsequently rebranded as Camp. Camp is a direct-to-consumer (DTC) food brand which creates healthy upgrades
to classic comfort food favorites. The results of Plant Camp s operations have been included since the date of acquisition in the
Statements of Operations. 

On
July 20, 2021, the Company acquired 44 of the membership interests of WHE Agency, Inc. WHE Agency, Inc, is a talent management and
public relations agency based in New York WHE ). WHE has been consolidated due to the Company s ownership of 55 
voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition in the Statements of Operations. 

Between
October 21, 2020, and August 16, 2021, the Company acquired 21 of the membership interests of Dune, Inc. Dune, Inc. is a direct-to-consumer
brand focused on promoting wellness through its range of health-oriented beverages. 

On
October 3, 2021, the Company acquired an additional 29 of the membership interests of Dune, Inc., bringing our total membership
interests to 50 . Dune, Inc., has been consolidated due to the Company s ownership of 50 voting control, and the results
of operations have been included since the date of acquisition in the Statements of Operations. 

On
March 7, 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the membership interests of Denver Bodega, LLC, d/b/a Basis, a Colorado limited liability
company Basis ). Basis is a direct-to-consumer functional beverage brand that makes high-electrolyte mixes meant to aid
hydration. Denver Bodega, LLC has been consolidated due to the Company s ownership of 100 voting control, and the results
of operations have been included since the date of acquisition in the Statement of Operations. 

On August 1, 2022, the Company acquired 51 of the membership interests of Orbit Media LLC, a New York limited liability company.
Orbit is a app-based stock trading platform designed to empower a new generation of investors. Orbit has been consolidated due to the
Company s ownership of 51 voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition in
the Statement of Operations. 

5 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the membership interests of Brave Foods, LLC, a Maine limited liability company. Brave
is a plant-based food company that provides convenient and healthy breakfast food products. Brave Foods, LLC has been consolidated
due to the Company s ownership of 100 voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition
in the Statement of Operations. 

Recent Developments 

May 2022 Securities
Purchase Agreement 

On May 31, 2022 the Company
entered into and closed securities purchase agreements with eight accredited investors, whereby the Investors purchased from the Company
for an aggregate of 3,600,036 in subscription amount (i) debentures in the principal amount of 4,000,000; (ii) 2,000,000 Series C Common
Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share; and (iii) 2,000,000 Series
D Common Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. The Company and the Investors also entered into registration rights
agreements pursuant to the securities purchase agreements. The Debentures had an original issue discount of 10 , a term of six months
with a maturity date of November 30, 2022, may be extended by six months at the Company s option subject to certain conditions,
and are convertible into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 2.00 per share, subject to adjustment upon certain events including
a one-time adjustment to the price of the Common Stock offered in the Rights Offering (as defined therein), with such adjusted conversion
price not to be lower than 1.00. The Warrants are exercisable for a term of five years from the initial exercise date of November 30,
2022, until November 30, 2027. The Series C Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 3.00, subject to adjustment upon certain
events including a one-time adjustment to the price of the Common Stock offered in the Rights Offering, with such adjusted exercise price
not to be lower than 0.96. The Series D Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 6.00 subject to adjustment upon certain events
including a one-time adjustment to the price of the Common Stock offered in the Rights Offering, with such adjusted exercise price not
to be lower than 0.96. The Warrants provide for cashless exercise to the extent that there is no registration statement available for
the underlying shares of Common Stock. The securities purchase agreements contain customary representations, warranties, covenants, indemnification
and other terms for transactions of a similar nature. Additionally, in connection with the securities
purchase agreements, the subsidiaries of the Company delivered a guarantee in favor of the Investors whereby each such subsidiary guaranteed
the full payment and performance of all obligations of the Company pursuant to the securities purchase agreements. The Debentures, Warrants,
Common Stock underlying the Debentures and the Common Stock underlying the Warrants were not registered under the Securities Act, but
qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. 

July 2022 Securities
Purchase Agreement 

On July 25, 2022, the
Company, entered into and closed securities purchase agreements with five accredited investors, whereby the Investors purchased from the
Company for an aggregate of 1,935,019 in subscription amount (i) debentures in the principal amount of 2,150,000; (ii) 1,075,000 Series
E Common Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share; and (iii) 1,075,000
Series F Common Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. The Company and the investors also entered into registration
rights agreements pursuant to the securities purchase agreements. The debentures have an original issue discount of 10 , have a maturity
date of November 30, 2022, may be extended by six months at the Company s option subject to certain conditions, and are convertible
into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 2.00 per share, subject to adjustment upon certain events including a one-time adjustment
to the price of the Common Stock offered in the rights offering, with such adjusted conversion price not to be lower than 1.25. The Warrants
are immediately exercisable for a term of five years until July 25, 2027. The Series E Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of
 3.00, subject to adjustment upon certain events including a one-time adjustment to the price of the Common Stock offered in the rights
offering, with such adjusted exercise price not to be lower than 1.01. The Series F Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of
 6.00 subject to adjustment upon certain events including a one-time adjustment to the price of the Common Stock offered in the rights
offering, with such adjusted exercise price not to be lower than 1.01. The warrants provide for cashless exercise to the extent that
there is no registration statement available for the underlying shares of Common Stock. Additionally, in connection with the security
purchase agreements, the subsidiaries of the Company delivered a guarantee in favor of the investors whereby each such subsidiary guaranteed
the full payment and performance of all obligations of the Company pursuant to the securities purchase agreements. The
debentures, warrants, Common Stock underlying the debentures and the Common Stock underlying the warrants were not registered under the
Securities Act, but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. 

6 

Trigger of Price Reset 

On July 29, 2022, the
Company announced that it was not moving forward with its previously announced Rights Offering. In doing so, it triggered a price reset
in the July 2022 Financing and the May 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement. As a result of this price reset, the May 2022 Securities Purchase
Agreement debentures now have a conversion price of 1.00, and both the Series C and Series D warrants have exercise prices of 0.96.
As a result of the price reset, the July 2022 Financing debentures now have a conversion price of 1.25, and both the Series E and Series
F warrants have exercise prices of 1.01. 

Registered direct
offering 

On September 15, 2022,
the Company entered into and closed a securities purchase agreement with five accredited investors resulting in the raise of 800,000
in gross proceeds to the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, the Company agreed to sell in a registered
direct offering an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share. In a concurrent private
placement, the Company issued to such investors warrants to purchase up to 4,000,000 shares of Common Stock, representing 100 of the
shares of common stock purchased in the offering. The warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants
are not being registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Gross proceeds from the offering totaled 800,000, before deducting
offering expenses. The warrants are immediately exercisable for a term of five years until September 15, 2027. The warrants are exercisable
at an exercise price of 0.20, subject to adjustment upon certain events. The warrants provide for cashless exercise to the extent that
there is no registration statement available for the underlying shares of Common Stock. 

Restructuring Agreement 

On September 15, 2022,
in connection with the offering, the Company entered into an agreement with the holders of certain of the Company s previously issued
securities (the Restructuring Agreement ). 

The Restructuring Agreement,
among other things, modified certain provisions of the following securities of the Company: 

(i) 
 Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debentures issued on May 31, 2022 (the May 2022 Debentures 

(ii) 
 
 Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible
 Debentures issued on July 25, 2022 (the July 2022 Debentures and, together with the May 2022 Debentures, the
 Debentures 

(iii) 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued on February 28, 2022 (the February 2022 Warrants 

(iv) 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued on March 9, 2022 (the March 2022 Warrants 

(v) 
 Series C Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued on May 31, 2022 (the Series C Warrants 

(vi) 
 Series D Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued on May 31, 2022 (the Series D Warrants 

(vii) 
 Series E Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued on July 25, 2022 (the Series E Warrants 

(viii) 
 
 Series F Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued
on July 25, 2022 (the Series F Warrants and, together with the February 2022 Warrants, the March 2022 Warrants, Series
C Warrants, Series D Warrants and Series E Warrants, the Restructured Warrants 

Pursuant to the Restructuring
Agreement, the Company and the Holders agreed to, among other things, to (i) reduce the conversion price of the Debentures down to 0.20,
subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the
Common Stock; (ii) reduce the exercise price of the Restructured Warrants down to 0.20, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward
stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock; (iii) extend the maturity dates
for the Debentures to March 31, 2023; (iv) permit the Company s contemplated rights offering to proceed, provided that the per share
offering price in the rights offering is not less than 0.20; and (v) require that the Company s cash burn rate not exceed 600,000
per month; provided, however, that with the prior written consent of a majority in interest of the Holders, such permitted monthly burn
rate can be increased by 150,000, provided such additional amount is used for marketing purposes. 

7 

Additionally, in connection
with the Restructuring Agreement, (i) the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement Registration Rights Agreement ),
providing for the filing of a registration statement covering the Restructured Warrants and shares underlying the Warrants by not later
than 10 trading days after the date of the Registration Rights Agreement or the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted
by Commission guidance to file such registration statement; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries entered into a Security Agreement (the
 Security Agreement ), whereby the Company granted a first priority security interest in all of their respective assets to
the Holders and (iii) the subsidiaries of the Company delivered a guarantee (the Guarantee in favor of the Holders whereby
each such subsidiary guaranteed the full payment and performance of all obligations of the Company pursuant to the Debentures. 

Each of our directors
and officers entered into lock-up agreements (the Lock-up Agreements in favor of the Holders, whereby they agreed not to
offer, sell, agree to sell, directly or indirectly, or otherwise dispose of any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Holders for a period of 180 days after the date of
the Restructuring Agreement. The Lock-up Agreements provide limited exceptions and their restrictions may be waived at any time by the
Holders. 

October 2022 Common
Stock Purchase Agreement, Securities Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note 

On October 20, 2022,
the Company entered into a common stock purchase agreement (the Investment Agreement with an otherwise unaffiliated third
party (the Investor ). Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Agreement, for a period of thirty-six (36) months commencing
on the trading day immediately following the date of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Investor purchase up to 15,000,000
of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, pursuant to drawdown notices, covering the registrable securities. The
purchase price of the shares under the Investment Agreement is equal to 82 of the lowest volume weighted average price (VWAP) during
the last ten trading days after the Company delivers to the Investor a put notice or drawdown notice in writing requiring Investor to
purchase shares of the Company, subject to the terms of the Investment Agreement. On October 20, 2022, the Company also entered into a
securities purchase agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company issued to the Investor on that date a Promissory Note (the
 Note in the principal amount of 300,000 in exchange for a purchase price of 255,000, which the Investor funded on October
20,2022. The proceeds of the Note to be used by the Company for general working capital purposes. The Note bears interest at the
rate of 10 per annum. Starting on the fifth month anniversary of the funding of the Note, and for the next six months thereafter,
the Company will make seven equal monthly payments of 47,142.85 to the Investor. On October 20, 2022, in connection with the entry by
the Company and the Investor into the economic agreements, i.e. , the Investment Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, and the Note
and the funding thereof), the Company issued 800,000 shares of its common stock to the Investor. 

October
2022 Securities Purchase Agreement; Side Letter 

On October 24, 2022,
the Company entered into and closed a securities purchase agreement with one accredited investor, whereby the Investor purchased from
the Company for an aggregate of 1,500,000 in subscription amount, an unsecured debenture in the principal amount of 1,666,650. The Company
and the Investor also entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to the securities purchase agreement. The debenture has an
original issue discount of 10 , a term of six months with a maturity date of April 24, 2023, may be extended by six months at the Company s
option subject to certain conditions, and are convertible into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.20 per share, subject
to adjustment upon certain events. The Company also entered into a side letter agreement with the holders of debentures of the Company,
the Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants issued as of May 31, 2022 (the May Investors and the holders of debentures
of the Company, the Series E Warrants and Series F Warrants issued as of July 25, 2022 (the July Investors ). Pursuant to
the letter agreement each of the May Investors and the July Investors have entered into a lock-up agreement whereby they may not sell
any such debentures, warrants, the shares into which such debentures may be converted, or certain shares underlying such warrants until
the date that is 30 days after the date on which the registration statement registering for resale the shares of the Company s common
stock underlying the debenture is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, the letter agreement, provides
that the May Investors and July Investors have agreed to a further lock up of such shares for a further 30 days upon the receipt of a
certain amount of the proceeds from future potential issuances of debentures, common stock or similar securities by the Company. Additionally,
pursuant to the letter agreement, the May Investors and the July Investors agreed to exchange and return for cancellation the Series C
Warrants, Series D Warrants, Series E Warrants and Series F Warrants, receiving replacement warrants from the Company (the Replacement
Warrants ), in consideration for (i) the Company s payment of 750,000 of the proceeds from the sale of the debenture to the
May Investors and July Investors on a pro rata basis and (ii) the Company s agreement to pay, on a pro rata basis to the May Investors
and July Investors, the greater of (x) 750,000 and (y) 50 of the gross proceeds raised in a subsequent financing. The Replacement Warrants
reflect a reduction in the number of Series C and Series D Warrants from 1,550,000 in each class to 1,536,607 in each class and a reduction
in the number of Series E and Series F Warrants from 1,075,000 in each class to 807,143 in each class, and the initial exercise date for
the Replacement Warrants are unchanged from the date as set forth in the respective exchanged Series C, Series D, Series E or Series F
Warrant. The debenture, and the Common Stock underlying the warrants were not registered under the
Securities Act, but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. 

8 

November 2022 Warrant
Amendment and Issuance 

On November 18, 2022,
the Company entered into a letter agreement with the respective holders of an aggregate of 471,953 warrants issued as placement agent
fees in connection with the Company s entry into securities purchase agreements with 33 accredited investors, whereby, at the closing,
the investors agreed to purchase from the Company an aggregate of (i) 7,778 shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Series E Preferred Stock and (ii) 2,831,721 warrants to purchase shares of the
Company s common stock, pursuant to which the exercise price of such warrants was amended and such warrants were immediately exercised.
Additionally, pursuant to the letter agreement, the Company issued to such warrant holders 471,953 new warrants, exercisable immediately,
for a term of 60 months, at a price of 0.77 per share, subject to customary adjustment provisions. As a result of the triggering of such
adjustment provisions, the number of warrants increased to 1,817,019 and the exercise price decreased to 0.20. 

December 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into
and closed a securities purchase agreement with one accredited investor, whereby the Investor purchased from the Company for an aggregate
of 750,000 in subscription amount, an unsecured debenture in the principal amount of 750,000. The Company and the investor also entered
into a registration rights agreement pursuant to the securities purchase agreement. The debenture has a term of six months with a maturity
date of June 12, 2023, which may be extended by six months at the Company s option subject to certain conditions and monthly redemption
options at the election of the holder and are convertible into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.20 per share, subject
to adjustment upon certain events. 

December 2022 Warrant
Amendment and Issuance 

On December 22, 2022, the Company entered into a letter agreement with
the respective holders of an aggregate of 4,775,000 warrants. Pursuant to the letter agreement, in exchange for the immediate exercise
of the 4,775,000 warrants at an exercise price of 0.20, the Company issued to such warrant holders 4,775,000 new warrants, exercisable
immediately, for a term of 60 months, at a price of 0.77 per share, subject to customary adjustment provisions. 

Dorado Goose Transaction 

On January 18, 2023, the
Company, entered into and closed two securities purchase agreements with Dorado Goose LLC or the investor, whereby the investor purchased
from the Company for an aggregate of 1,500,000 in subscription amount, (i) an unsecured debenture in the principal amount of 847,500
and (ii) 1,562,500 shares of common stock. The Company and the investor also entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to
the securities purchase agreements. T he subsidiaries of the Company delivered a guarantee in favor
of the investor whereby each such subsidiary guaranteed the full payment and performance of all obligations of the Company pursuant to
the debenture. The debenture has an original issue discount of 13 , has a maturity date of June 13, 2023, may be extended by six
months at the Company s option subject to certain conditions, and are convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price
of 0.20 per share, subject to adjustment upon certain events. The debenture and the common stock
were not registered under the Securities Act but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. 

Nasdaq Notice of Delisting 

On January 4, 2021, the Company received a letter
from the staff of The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange notifying the Company that the Exchange had determined to delist
the Company s common stock and warrants from the Exchange based on the Company s non-compliance with the Exchange s
(i) 5 million stockholders equity requirement for initial listing pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5505(b), (ii) the 2.5 million
stockholders equity requirement or any of the alternatives for continued listing pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b), and (iii)
the Company s failure to provide material information to the Exchange pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(a)(1). On February 11,
2021, the Company met with the Exchange s Hearings Panel (the Panel with respect to such determination, in accordance
with the Exchange s rules and, pursuant to such request by the Company to appeal, the delisting of the Company s securities
and the Form 25 Notification of Delisting filing was stayed pending the Panel s decision. On March 9, 2021, the Exchange notified
the Company that the Panel had determined to continue the listing of the Company on the Exchange. Notwithstanding the Panel s determination
to continue the listing of the Company s securities on the Exchange, the Panel issued a public reprimand letter to the Company,
pursuant to Listing Rule 5815(c)(1)(D), based on its finding that the Company failed to meet the initial listing criteria with
respect to stockholders equity and failed to provide Nasdaq with material information with respect to that deficiency. Specifically,
the Panel found that the Company failed to comply with Listing Rule 5250(a)(1), requiring it to notify Nasdaq of certain significant developments
that led to the Company s prior representations about its ability to satisfy the initial listing requirements being inaccurate.
In reaching its determination to continue the listing of the Company on Nasdaq, the Panel acknowledged that the Company had since demonstrated
compliance with the initial listing requirement for stockholders equity and all other applicable initial listing requirements.
The Panel also determined that the violations were inadvertent and that the Company had relied on advice of counsel at the time in its
interactions with the Nasdaq staff Staff ). The Panel also acknowledged the Company s efforts to implement structural
changes within the Company to avoid similar misstatements in the future and that would allow for proper accounting and disclosure on an
ongoing basis. A Panel Monitor was implemented under Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(A) for a period of one year from the date of the Letter.
In the event that the Company became deficient with respect to any continued listing requirement, the Company would not be afforded the
opportunity to submit a compliance plan for Staff s consideration and Staff would issue a Delist Determination Letter and promptly
schedule a new hearing under Listing Rule 5810(c)(2), at which the Company may present a compliance plan for the Panel s consideration.
In the event of a new hearing, any suspension or delisting action would be stayed pending the completion of the hearings process and the
expiration of any additional extension period granted by the Panel following the hearing. 

9 

On March 1, 2022, the Company received a letter
from the staff of the Exchange notifying the Company that the Exchange had determined to delist the Company s common stock from
the Exchange based on the Company s Market Value of Listed Securities for the 30-consecutive day period between January 15, 2022
and February 25, 2022 falling short of the requirements under Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the Rule ). Although a 180-day period
is typically allowed for an issuer to regain compliance, the Company was not eligible to use such compliance period, as the Exchange had
instituted a Panel Monitor through March 9, 2022. 

On April 22, 2022, the
Company received a letter from the Exchange notifying the Company that the Nasdaq Hearing Panel had determined to continue the listing
of the Company on the Exchange, subject to the following conditions: (i) on or before May 16, 2022, the Company would file its Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 demonstrating compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 550(b)(1) requiring shareholders 
equity of 2.5 million and (ii) on or before August 29, 2022, the Company would file a Form 8-K documenting the successful completion
of any fund-raising activity that had taken place since April 14, 2022 and the Company s long-term compliance with the continued
listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Panel advised that August 29, 2022 represented the full extent of the Panel s
discretion to grant continued listing during the time the Company was non-compliant and should the Company fail to demonstrate compliance
by such date, the Panel would issue a final delist determination and the Company would be suspended from trading on the Exchange. 

On September 2, 2022, the Company received a letter
from the Exchange notifying the Company that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel had determined to delist the Company s common stock from
the Exchange, based on the Company s failure to comply with the listing requirements of Nasdaq Rule 5550(b)(1) as a result of the
Company s shareholder equity deficit for the period ended June 30, 2022, as demonstrated in Company s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022, following the Company having not complied with the market value of listed securities requirement in
Nasdaq Rule 5550(b)(2) on March 1, 2022, while the Company was under a Panel Monitor, as had been previously disclosed, suspension of
trading in the Company s shares on the Exchange would be effective at the opening of business on September 7, 2022. Following
passage of the proscribed 15-day time period for appeal as stated in the letter, on October 26, 2022, Nasdaq completed the delisting by
filing a Form 25 Notification of Delisting with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company s receipt of the Letter
does not affect the Company s business, operations or reporting requirements with the Commission. 

Quotation on OTCQB 

Effective on September
7, 2022, our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. OTCQB under the symbol
 CRTD. Effective April 4, 2023, our symbol changed to VOCL. 

Board of Directors and Management 

On June 1, 2022, the
Board of Directors approved the Creatd, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan. On November 10, 2022, the Board of Directors
approved an amendment to the Creatd, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan. The plan provides for the granting of distribution
equivalent rights, incentive share options, non-qualified share options, performance unit awards, restricted share awards, restricted
share unit awards, share appreciation rights, tandem share appreciation rights, unrestricted share awards or any combination of the foregoing,
as may be best suited to the circumstances of the particular employee, director or consultant as provided in the plan. the aggregate number
of common shares (including common shares underlying options designated as incentive share options or non-qualified share options) that
may be issued under the plan shall not exceed the sum of (i) 30,000,000 common shares plus (ii) an annual increase on the first day of
each calendar year beginning January 1, 2023 and ending on and including January 1, 2031 equal to the lesser of (a) five percent (5 of the common shares outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year, and (b) such smaller number of common shares
as determined by the Board. 

On January 18, 2023,
the Company held its Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The results of the matters voted on by the Company s stockholders included
the election of Directors to serve on the Company s board; Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation to Increase Authorized Stock;
and the approval of Creatd 2022 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan. 

On February 8, 2023 (the
 Effective Date ), the Board of Directors (the Board of Creatd, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company approved, based on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board, certain equity and cash
compensation for certain key members of the Company s management team and non-employee directors as discussed below. 

10 

The Company has made
certain equity awards to the key members of the Company s management team (the Equity Awards ), comprised of 10,692,308
shares of the Company s common stock Common Stock to Jeremy Frommer, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, 5,894,788
shares of Common Stock to Justin Maury, Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and 1,663,223 shares of Common Stock to Chelsea Pullano,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company. As a condition to receiving the Equity Awards, each such officer agreed to lock-up terms such
that only 10 of the shares comprising such individual s Equity Award can be sold until 90 days after the date of the issuance of
the Equity Awards (the Lock Up Period and that during the Lock Up Period, and for nine months thereafter, each such individual
can only sell the number of shares equal to the lesser of 5 of the trailing 30 day average volume or 25,000 shares in any single trading
day. Additionally, beginning one year after the issuance of the Equity Awards, each individual receiving Equity Awards can only sell the
number of shares equal to the lesser of 5 of the trailing 30-day average volume or 40,000 shares in any single trading day (the Volume
Restrictions ). 

The Company will also
pay cash bonuses to the key members of the Company s management team (the Executive Bonuses in the amounts of 125,000
to Jeremy Frommer, 62,500 to Justin Maury and 31,250 to Chelsea Pullano, to be paid out on a discretionary basis as determined by the
Committee. In addition, each of Jeremy Frommer and Justin Maury will receive monthly housing stipends in the amount of 6,300 (the Housing
Stipends ). 

Additionally, the Company
will make certain cash payments and equity awards to the non-employee members of the Board (the Director Compensation ),
comprised of annual cash compensation of 140,000, payable in monthly installments, an annual grant of 140,000 in Common Stock, issued
quarterly and priced at the average of the last five trading days of the previous quarter. In the fiscal year 2023, each independent director
shall be eligible for a cash bonus of 20,000, which shall be paid on a discretionary basis. As a share bonus, 1,700,000 shares of Common
Stock shall be issuable to Peter Majar and 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock shall be issuable to Erica Wagner, with such shares subject
to the same lock-up and volume restrictions as the Equity Awards. 

The Company will offer
the chair of the audit committee of the Board (the Audit Committee Chair an additional annual cash compensation of 20,000,
payable in monthly installments, and an annual grant of 20,000 in Common Stock, issued quarterly and priced at the average of the last
five trading days of the previous quarter. 

All equity awards made
to the independent directors of the Company are made pursuant to the Creatd, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

The February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement 

On February 1, 2023, the Company entered into
and closed a securities purchase agreement with one accredited investor, whereby the Investor purchased from the Company for an aggregate
of 1,250,000 in subscription amount, an unsecured debenture in the principal amount of 1,250,000. The Company and the investor also
entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to the securities purchase agreement. The debenture has a term of six months with
a maturity date of August 1, 2023, which may be extended by six months at the Company s option subject to certain conditions and
monthly redemption options at the election of the holder and are convertible into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.20
per share, subject to adjustment upon certain events. 

Listing on Upstream 

On February 14, 2023, the Company completed the
listing on Upstream of the Company s shares of common stock, comprising the same class of common shares currently registered with
the Commission that are currently issued and outstanding. Upstream is the trading app for digital securities and NFTs powered by Horizon
Fintex and MERJ Exchange Limited MERJ ). The shares listed on Upstream are represented on MERJ Exchange as a digital
security in the form of uncertificated securities that have the same shareholder rights as all other shares of such issuer. It
is a representation of common stock in an uncertificated form. The Company has not issued any new securities pursuant to the listing on
Upstream. All common shares have been registered with the Commission and comprise the entire number of shares of the Company issued and
outstanding and all of the Company s shares of common stock have the same CUSIP/ISIN number. 

MERJ operates Upstream as a fully regulated and
licensed integrated securities exchange, clearing system and depository for digital and non-digital securities. MERJ is an affiliate of
the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE), recognized by HM Revenue and Customs UK, a full member of the Association of National Numbering
Agencies (ANNA) and a Qualifying Foreign Exchange for OTC Markets in the US. MERJ is also a member of the Sustainable Stock Exchanges
Initiative. MERJ is regulated in the Seychelles by the Financial Services Authority Seychelles, https://fsaseychelles.sc/. MERJ is not
registered or regulated in any manner in the United States. 

11 

Upstream is accessible via the major app stores.
After downloading the application, users will have access to review all the securities that trade on Upstream including trading activity,
regulatory disclosures and other corporate information. Further there is a direct link of information on our Company at https://investors.creatd.com/resources/faqs/default.aspx.
This includes a listing particulars document, which is a required disclosure as part of the requirements of MERJ Exchange Limited as defined
by Securities Act 2007 of the Seychelles (as amended) and any other measure prescribed thereunder by the Minister or the Securities Authority.
Investors are encouraged to review the listing particulars that may be found at the following link: https://upstream.exchange/creatd. 

Pursuant to Upstream s policy, terms and
conditions, investors based in the United States or Canada are prohibited from buying shares on the Upstream secondary market.
However, U.S.- and Canada-based investors may sell securities they previously purchased or acquired from an issuer, stockbroker
or stock exchange that has dual-listed on Upstream. U.S.- or Canada-based investors are those investors who citizens of the United States
or Canada, including those living abroad, or permanent residents of the United States or Canada. To the extent shares had been deposited
at a time prior to Upstream s policy prohibiting such deposits, such shares cannot be sold at this time, and such shareholder would
need to have such shares returned to the Company s transfer agent to complete a sale. 

The Press Release stated, Global investors
can now trade by downloading Upstream from their preferred app store at https://upstream.exchange/, creating an account by tapping sign
up... . This was not to suggest that investors based in the United States or Canada can buy shares on the Upstream secondary
market, but to suggest that investors who are not U.S.- and Canada-based can trade on Upstream. 

Investors who have deposited shares with Upstream
may subsequently elect, at any time, to transfer such shares to from Upstream to the Company s transfer agent for trade via their
U.S. broker. 

The Company is providing our investors with detailed
information on the process on how to deposit and trade shares on Upstream directly on our website at the following link: https://investors.creatd.com/resources/faqs/default.aspx. 

Shares transferred into
Upstream will be effected via the Company s Transfer Agent, Pacific Stock Transfer Company Pacific ). For shares already
recorded with Pacific, investors can transfer such shares to Upstream by taking the following steps: Open Upstream, then choose Investor:
Manage Securities, Deposit Securities and, next, Enter the Company s Ticker Symbol and Number of Shares their requesting to deposit.
Investors would then confirm the shares are unrestricted or free trading and tap Submit. The value of each share deposit
request on the Upstream app may not exceed 100,000, with such value determined by the closing price of the security on the previous trading
day multiplied by the number of shares being deposited. Once the investor makes the share deposit request using the Upstream app, and
the transfer agent has the investor s shares in book entry , the deposit is typically processed within 48 hours during
business days. Once the transfer has been completed investors will receive a push notification in the Upstream app and see the share deposit
in their Upstream Portfolio. 

If the investor s
shares are currently in the investor s brokerage account, then the investor will be required to transfer its shares to Pacific to
have shares recorded as direct registration in book entry with Pacific. To make such transfer request, an
investor would need to contact their brokerage firm and request to transfer their shares back to book entry with the transfer
agent. 

All shares transferred to Upstream shall be held
in MERJ Dep., which is a company licensed as a Securities Facility pursuant to the Seychelles Securities Act, 2007. The Company has appointed
MERJ Dep. to act as the Depository Nominee in respect of any securities traded which are quoted on Upstream and granted MERJ Dep. as the
Depository Nominee, pursuant to the Securities Facility Rules Directive on Depository Interests. 

Shares may be withdrawn from Upstream back to
the transfer agent. The Upstream app has a function under Investor Services, Manage Securities, Withdraw Securities. The shareholder then
enters the ticker symbol and the number of shares to being withdrawn and taps Notarize to cryptographically sign this transaction.
The shares are removed from the user s Upstream portfolio and an email is sent to the transfer agent with a share withdrawal request
whereafter the transfer agent will liaise directly with the shareholder to ensure the share balance is entered in book entry 
into the user s name address. Third party share withdrawals from Upstream are not permitted, the share withdrawal request
name and address (as retrieved from the Upstream know your customer (KYC) information by Upstream compliance) is required to be the same
name and address that will be entered in the transfer agents book entry for such shareholder. 

12 

The NFTs traded on Upstream are issued by the
Company and convey no ownership interest in the Company, nor do they provide any dividends, royalties, or other equity interests or rights
that would indicate an expectation of profit. The NFTs are issued only on Upstream and can only be traded on Upstream. 

The Commission evaluates whether a particular
digital asset, including an NFT, is a security based on what is commonly referred to as the Howey Test. The Howey Test looks at four factors:
(i) an investment of money (ii) in a common enterprise (iii) with the expectation of profit (iv) to be derived from the efforts of others.
We believe the commemorative NFTs issued by Creatd do not meet the definition for securities under the Howey Test. Such NFTs, issued to
investors who deposited shares of Creatd with Upstream, are commemorative in nature, memorializing the listing on Upstream, as a novelty
item, being akin to a tombstone, plaque, sticker, poster or t-shirt commemorating the listing, similar to what NASDAQ and the NYSE may
provide to its issuers. The NFT issued by Creatd conveys no ownership interest in Creatd, nor does it provide any dividends, royalties,
or other equity interests or rights that would indicate an expectation of profit. The NFTs are issued only on Upstream and can only be
traded on Upstream. No consideration was paid for the NFTs, and such investors are still able to transfer such shares back to Pacific
Stock Transfer following receipt of the NFTs. 

To trade on Upstream, users create a trading account
using the Upstream smartphone app, with a random-generated username (in the form of an address that s a 42-character hexadecimal
address derived from the last 20 bytes of a random public key) and a password (in the form of a random cryptographic private key).The
public and private key (the cryptographic keypair is generated locally on the smartphone and only the public key is ever
known to Upstream, MERJ Dep., or peer to peer trading counterparties on Upstream. Only the individual users hold their private keys. This
privacy ensures that only the Upstream user can cryptographically sign a securities transaction (bid/offer/buy/sell/cancel) for it to
be executed on Upstream, that is, all transactions such as share sales are self-directed, peer to peer, and instantly settled using the
Upstream distributed ledger platform. 

In order to buy, sell, deposit or withdraw shares
on Upstream, an Upstream user that has created their account as outlined in the previous paragraph, is required to submit KYC information
for the Upstream compliance team to review. KYC information is then linked to the user s public key, and if the user passes KYC
review, then this user s cryptographic keypair s transactions will be accepted as legitimate self-directed securities transaction
requests to Upstream for execution on the platform. 

Shareholders should be aware that there are risks
and uncertainties with the Company s dual listing on Upstream. In particular, the restriction on trading for US- and Canada-based
investors may affect the liquidity of our common stock and lead to volatility in the price and trading volume of our common stock. 

In addition, though the NFTs traded on Upstream
are commemorative in nature, the regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and tokens is uncertain, and new
regulations or policies may materially affect our NFT marketplace and our business generally. 

Although we believe that these NFTs are not securities,
there is risk that the issuance of NFTs may be considered a public offering in violation of the federal securities laws, and perhaps certain
state securities laws. For issuances that are deemed to be public offerings under federal securities laws or in violation of certain state
securities laws, purchasers of such products might be granted the right to rescind the sale of these products and demand that we return
the purchase price of these products. We did not receive a purchase price for these NFTs; however, there is risk that the Company
may be subject to other penalties or that other remedies may apply. 

Additional information regarding Upstream can
be found at Revolutionary exchange trading app for digital securities (upstream.exchange). 

Appointment of New Directors 

On February 17, 2022, the Board appointed Joanna
Bloor, Brad Justus, and Lorraine Hendrickson to serve as members of the Board. 

On September 2, 2022,
the Board appointed Jeremy Frommer, Executive Chairman, as Chief Executive Officer. 

On September 2, 2022,
the Board appointed Justin Maury, President and Chief Operating Officer, as Director to the Board 

On
November 2, 2022, the Board appointed Peter Majar as Director to the Board. 

On November 16, 2022,
the Board appointed Erica Wagner as Director to the Board. 

13 

Departure of Directors 

On
February 17, 2022, the Board received notice that effective immediately, Mark Standish resigned as Chair of the Board, Chair of the Audit
Committee and as a member of the Compensation Committee and Nominating Corporate Governance Committee; Leonard Schiller resigned
as member of the Board, Chair of the Compensation Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating Corporate Governance
Committee; and LaBrena Martin resigned as a member of the Board, Chair of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee and as a
member of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Such resignations are not the result of any disagreement with the Company on
any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

On
September 2, 2022, the Company entered into an executive separation agreement with Laurie Weisberg the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and member of the Board of Directors setting forth the terms and conditions related to the executive s resignation as Chief
Executive Officer, Director and any other positions held with the Company or any subsidiary. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company
agreed to pay the severance in the aggregate amount of 475,000, payable as follows: (i) 1/24 of the severance amount paid to executive
on each of September 15, 2022, October 1, 2022 and November 1, 2022, respectively; (ii) 1/8 of the severance amount paid on each of December
1, 2022, January 1, 2023 and February 1, 2023, respectively; (iii) 1/4 of the severance amount to be paid on April 1, 2023; and (iv) the
balance of the severance amount to be paid on May 1, 2023. Under the agreement, all unvested and/or outstanding stock options held by
the executive as of the effective date that are not subject to metric-based vesting shall automatically and fully vest as of the effective
date. The executive shall continue to hold all unvested and/or outstanding stock options held by the executive as of the effective date
that are subject to metric-based vesting and such metric based vesting options shall vest in accordance with their respective original
terms. In connection with the separation agreement with Ms. Weisberg, the Company entered into a Confession of Judgment, to which 475,000
in amounts owed through May 1, 2023 is subject, accounting for payments made to Ms. Weisberg from time to time in partial satisfaction
of such amounts owing. 

On
September 21, 2022, the Board received notice from Brad Justus of his resignation as a member of the Board, and from all committees of
the Board on which he served, with such resignation to become effective on September 30, 2022. Such resignation was not the result of
any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

On
November 1, 2022, the Board received notice from Lorraine Hendrickson of her resignation as a Director and from all committees of the
Board on which she served, effective as of such date. Ms. Hendrickson s resignation as a member of the Board was not the result
of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Board received notice from Joanna Bloor of her resignation as a Director and from all committees of the Board on
which she served, effective as of such date. Ms. Bloor s resignation as a member of the Board was not the result of any disagreement
with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

Acquisition Transactions 

Denver Bodega, LLC
Acquisition 

On March
7, 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the membership interests of Denver Bodega, LLC, d/b/a Basis, a Colorado limited liability company Basis ). Basis is a direct-to-consumer functional beverage brand that makes high-electrolyte mixes meant to aid hydration.
Denver Bodega, LLC has been consolidated due to the Company s ownership of 100 voting control, and the results of operations
have been included since the date of acquisition in the statement of operations. 

Orbit
Media LLC Acquisition 

On August
1, 2022, the Company acquired 51 of the membership interests of Orbit Media LLC, a New York limited liability company. Orbit is a app-based
stock trading platform designed to empower a new generation of investors. Orbit has been consolidated due to the Company s ownership
of 51 voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition in the statement of operations.
Pursuant to the agreement, Creatd acquired fifty one percent (51 of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Orbit Media LLC
for consideration of forty-four thousand dollars 44,000) in cash and 57,576 shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

Brave
Foods, LLC Acquisition 

On September
13, 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the membership interests of Brave Foods, LLC, a Maine limited liability company. Brave
is a plant-based food company that provides convenient and healthy breakfast food products. Brave Foods, LLC has been consolidated
due to the Company s ownership of 100 voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition
in the statement of operations. 

14 

Employees 

As of April 17, 2023, we had 14 full-time employees
and 8 part-time employees. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement, and we believe our relationship with
our employees to be good. 

We believe that our future success will depend
in part on our continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel. Our human capital resources objectives include identifying,
recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes
of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based
compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to
the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

Corporate Information 

The Company s address is 419 Lafayette Street,
6th Floor New York, New York 10003. The Company s telephone number is (929) 504-3090. Our website is https://creatd.com. The information
on, or that can be accessed through, this website is not part of this Form 10-K, and you should not rely on any such information in making
the decision whether to purchase the Common Stock. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You should consider carefully the following
risk factors, together with all of the other information included or incorporated in this Annual Report. Each of these risk factors, either
alone or taken together, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and adversely affect the
value of an investment in our Common Stock. There may be additional risks that we do not know of or that we believe are immaterial that
could also impair our business and financial condition. 

Risks Related to our Business 

The Company is a development stage business
and subject to the many risks associated with new businesses. 

Our current line of business has a limited operating history and our
business is subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise. Our likelihood of success must be
considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with development
and expansion of a new business enterprise. We have incurred losses and may continue to operate at a net loss for at least the next several
years as we execute our business plan. We had a net loss of approximately 35.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and a working
capital deficit and an accumulated deficit of approximately 13.7 million and approximately 146.1 million, respectively. 

Our financial situation creates doubt whether
we will continue as a going concern. 

There can be no assurances that we will be able
to achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain funding or additional financing through
private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support our working capital requirements. To the extent that funds
generated from any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing are insufficient, we will have to raise additional working
capital and no assurance can be given that additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on acceptable terms. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If adequate working capital is not available, we
may be forced to discontinue operations, which would cause investors to lose their entire investment. 

The Company s management has determine that there
exists substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of
these financial statements. The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as
a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course
of business. 

15 

We are not profitable and may never be profitable. 

Since inception through the present, we have been
dependent on raising capital to support our working capital needs. During this same period, we have recorded net accumulated losses and
are yet to achieve profitability. Our ability to achieve profitability depends upon many factors, including our ability to develop and
commercialize our websites. There can be no assurance that we will ever achieve any significant revenues or profitable operations. 

Our operating expenses exceed our revenues
and will likely continue to do so for the foreseeable future. 

We are in an early stage of our development and
we have not generated sufficient revenues to offset our operating expenses. Our operating expenses will likely continue to exceed our
operating income for the foreseeable future, until such time as we are able to monetize our brands and generate substantial revenues,
particularly as we undertake payment of the increased costs of operating as a public company. 

We have assumed a significant amount of
debt and our operations may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our debt obligations, which could reduce our financial
flexibility and adversely impact our operations. 

Currently the Company has considerable obligations
under notes, related party notes and lines of credit outstanding with various lenders. Our ability to make payments on such indebtedness
will depend on our ability to generate cash flow. The Company may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to enable us to repay
this indebtedness and to fund other liquidity needs, including capital expenditure requirements. Such indebtedness could affect our operations
in several ways, including the following: 

a significant portion of our cash flows could be required to be used to service such indebtedness; 

a high level of debt could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

any covenants contained in the agreements governing such outstanding indebtedness could limit our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay dividends and make certain investments; 

a high level of debt may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged and, therefore, our competitors may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our indebtedness may prevent us from pursuing; and 

debt covenants to which we may agree may affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry. 

A high level of indebtedness increases the risk
that we may default on our debt obligations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay the principal or interest on
our debt. If we cannot service or refinance our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such as selling significant assets, seeking
additional equity financing (which will result in additional dilution to stockholders) or reducing or delaying capital expenditures, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. If we do not have sufficient funds and are otherwise
unable to arrange financing, our assets may be foreclosed upon which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We will need additional capital, which may
be difficult to raise as a result of our limited operating history or any number of other reasons. 

We expect that we will need to raise additional
capital within the next 12 months. However, in the event that we exceed our expected growth, we would need to raise additional capital.
There is no assurance that additional equity or debt financing will be available to us when needed, on acceptable terms, or even at all.
Our limited operating history makes investor evaluation and an estimation of our future performance substantially more difficult. As a
result, investors may be unwilling to invest in us or such investment may be offered on terms or conditions that are not acceptable. In
the event that we are not able to secure financing, we may have to scale back our growth plans or cease operations. 

16 

We face intense competition. If we do not
provide digital content that is useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our potential revenues and operating results could
be adversely affected. 

Our business is rapidly evolving and intensely
competitive, and is subject to changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our
ability to compete successfully depends heavily on providing digital content that is useful and enjoyable for our users and delivering
our content through innovative technologies in the marketplace. 

We face competition from others in the digital
content creation industry and media companies. Our current and potential competitors range from large and established companies to emerging
start-ups. Established companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users, and they
can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions, investing
aggressively in research and development, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether or not meritorious) and competing
aggressively for advertisers and websites. Emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than we
can. 

Additionally, our operating results would suffer
if our digital content is not appropriately timed with market opportunities, or if our digital content is not effectively brought to market.
As technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer user experiences that are, or that are seen to be, substantially
similar to or better than, ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remain competitive.
If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing compelling content or in attracting and retaining users and advertisers,
our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. 

If we fail to retain existing users or add
new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly
harmed. 

The size of our user base and our user s
level of engagement are critical to our success. Our financial performance will be significantly determined by our success in adding,
retaining, and engaging active users of our products, particularly Vocal. We anticipate that our active user growth rate will generally
decline over time as the size of our active user base increases, and it is possible that the size of our active user base may fluctuate
or decline in one or more markets, particularly in markets where we have achieved higher penetration rates. If people do not perceive
Vocal to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency
and duration of their engagement. A number of other content management systems and publishing platforms that achieved early popularity
have since seen their active user bases or levels of engagement decline, in some cases precipitously. There is no guarantee that we will
not experience a similar erosion of our active user base or engagement levels. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and
user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. Any number of factors
could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if: 

Users increasingly engage with other competitive products or services; 

We fail to introduce new features, products or services that users find engaging or if we introduce new products or services, or make changes to existing products and services, that are not favorably received; 

User behavior on any of our products changes, including decreases in the quality and frequency of content shared on our products and services; 

There are decreases in user sentiment due to questions about the quality or usefulness of our products or our user data practices, or concerns related to privacy and sharing, safety, security, well-being, or other factors; 

We are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is appropriate, interesting, useful, and relevant to them; 

We are unable to obtain or attract engaging third-party content; 

Users adopt new technologies where our products may be displaced in favor of other products or services, or may not be featured or otherwise available; 

There are changes mandated by legislation, regulatory authorities, or litigation that adversely affect our products or users; 

Technical or other problems prevent us from delivering our products in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affect the user experience, such as security breaches or failure to prevent or limit spam or similar content; 

We adopt terms, policies, or procedures related to areas such as sharing, content, user data, or advertising that are perceived negatively by our users or the general public; 

We elect to focus our product decisions on longer-term initiatives that do not prioritize near-term user growth and engagement; 

We make changes in how we promote different products and services across our family of apps; 

Initiatives designed to attract and retain users and engagement are unsuccessful or discontinued, whether as a result of actions by us, third parties, or otherwise; 

We fail to provide adequate customer service to users, marketers, developers, or other partners; 

We, developers whose products are integrated with our products, or other partners and companies in our industry are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity, including as a result of our or their user data practices; or 

Our current or future products, such as our development tools and application programming interfaces that enable developers to build, grow, and monetize mobile and web applications, reduce user activity on our products by making it easier for our users to interact and share on third-party mobile and web applications. 

17 

If we are unable to maintain or increase our user
base and user engagement, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. Any decrease in user retention, growth, or engagement
could render our products less attractive to users, marketers, and developers, which is likely to have a material and adverse impact on
our revenue, business, financial condition, and results of operations. If our active user growth rate continues to slow, we will become
increasingly dependent on our ability to maintain or increase levels of user engagement and monetization in order to drive revenue growth. 

We face competition from traditional media
companies, and we may not be included in the advertising budgets of large advertisers, which could harm our operating results. 

In addition to internet companies, we face competition
from companies that offer traditional media advertising opportunities. Most large advertisers have set advertising budgets, a very small
portion of which is allocated to Internet advertising. We expect that large advertisers will continue to focus most of their advertising
efforts on traditional media. If we fail to convince these companies to spend a portion of their advertising budgets with us, or if our
existing advertisers reduce the amount they spend on our programs, our operating results would be harmed. 

Acquisitions may disrupt growth. 

We may pursue strategic acquisitions in the future.
Risks in acquisition transactions include difficulties in the integration of acquired businesses into our operations and control environment,
difficulties in assimilating and retaining employees and intermediaries, difficulties in retaining the existing clients of the acquired
entities, assumed or unforeseen liabilities that arise in connection with the acquired businesses, the failure of counterparties to satisfy
any obligations to indemnify us against liabilities arising from the acquired businesses, and unfavorable market conditions that could
negatively impact our growth expectations for the acquired businesses. Fully integrating an acquired company or business into our operations
may take a significant amount of time. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems
encountered with acquisitions and other strategic transactions. These risks may prevent us from realizing the expected benefits from acquisitions
and could result in the failure to realize the full economic value of a strategic transaction or the impairment of goodwill and/or intangible
assets recognized at the time of an acquisition. These risks could be heightened if we complete a large acquisition or multiple acquisitions
within a short period of time. 

Our business depends on strong brands and
relationships, and if we are not able to maintain our relationships and enhance our brands, our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers
and affiliates will be impaired and our business and operating results could be harmed. 

Maintaining and enhancing our brands profiles
may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to promote and maintain the brands 
profiles, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business and operating results could be harmed. We anticipate that, as
our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brands profiles may become increasingly difficult and
expensive. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to be a technology leader and to continue to provide
attractive products and services, which we may not do successfully. 

We depend on our key management personnel
and the loss of their services could adversely affect our business. 

We place substantial reliance upon the efforts
and abilities of our executive officers and directors. Though no individual is indispensable, the loss of the services of these executive
officers could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, revenues or prospects. We do not currently maintain key man
life insurance on the lives of these individuals. 

18 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual
property, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. 

We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination
of confidentiality, assignment, and license agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships,
as well as trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, and domain name protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. In the United
States and internationally, we have filed various applications for protection of certain aspects of our intellectual property, and we
currently hold a number of registered trademarks and issued patents in multiple jurisdictions and have acquired patents and patent applications
from third parties. Third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights, third parties may challenge proprietary
rights held by us, and pending and future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. In addition, effective intellectual property
protection may not be available in every country in which we operate or intend to operate our business. In any or all of these cases,
we may be required to expend significant time and expense in order to prevent infringement or to enforce our rights. Although we have
generally taken measures to protect our proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that others will not offer products or concepts
that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business. In addition, we regularly contribute software source code under
open source licenses and have made other technology we developed available under other open licenses, and we include open source software
in our products. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties,
the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our products,
services, and methods of operations. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

We are subject to payment processing risk. 

We accept payments using a variety of different
payment methods, including credit and debit cards and direct debit. We rely on third parties to process payments. Acceptance and processing
of these payment methods are subject to certain certifications, rules and regulations. To the extent there are disruptions in our or third-party
payment processing systems, material changes in the payment ecosystem, failure to recertify and/or changes to rules or regulations concerning
payment processing, we could be subject to fines and/or civil liability, or lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments,
which would harm our reputation and adversely impact our results of operations. 

We are subject to risk as it relates to
software that we license from third parties. 

We license software from third parties, much of
which is integral to our systems and our business. The licenses are generally terminable if we breach our obligations under the license
agreements. If any of these relationships were terminated or if any of these parties were to cease doing business or cease to support
the applications we currently utilize, we may be forced to spend significant time and money to replace the licensed software. 

Failures or reduced accessibility of third-party
software on which we rely could impair the availability of our platform and applications and adversely affect our business. 

We license software from third parties for integration
into our Vocal platform, including open source software. These licenses might not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms,
or at all. While we are not substantially dependent upon any third-party software, the loss of the right to use all or a significant portion
of our third-party software required for the development, maintenance and delivery of our applications could result in delays in the provision
of our applications until we develop or identify, obtain and integrate equivalent technology, which could harm our business. 

Any errors or defects in the hardware or software
we use could result in errors, interruptions, cyber incidents or a failure of our applications. Any significant interruption in the availability
of all or a significant portion of such software could have an adverse impact on our business unless and until we can replace the functionality
provided by these applications at a similar cost. Furthermore, this software may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or
at all. The loss of the right to use all or a significant portion of this software could limit access to our platform and applications.
Additionally, we rely upon third parties abilities to enhance their current applications, develop new applications on a timely
and cost-effective basis and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. We may be unable to effect changes
to such third-party technologies, which may prevent us from rapidly responding to evolving customer requirements. We also may be unable
to replace the functionality provided by the third-party software currently offered in conjunction with our applications in the event
that such software becomes obsolete or incompatible with future versions of our platform and applications or is otherwise not adequately
maintained or updated. 

We need to manage growth in operations to
maximize our potential growth and achieve our expected revenues and our failure to manage growth will cause a disruption of our operations,
resulting in the failure to generate revenue. 

In order to maximize potential growth in our current
and potential markets, we believe that we must expand our marketing operations. This expansion will place a significant strain on our
management and our operational, accounting, and information systems. We expect that we will need to continue to improve our financial
controls, operating procedures, and management information systems. We will also need to effectively train, motivate, and manage our employees.
Our failure to manage our growth could disrupt our operations and ultimately prevent us from generating the revenues we expect. 

In order to achieve the general strategies of
our company we need to maintain and search for hard-working employees who have innovative initiatives, while at the same time, keep a
close eye on any and all expanding opportunities in our marketplace. 

19 

We plan to generate a significant portion
of our revenues from advertising and affiliate sales relationships, and a reduction in spending by or loss of advertisers and general
decrease in online spending could adversely harm our business. 

We plan to generate a substantial portion of our
revenues from advertisers. Our advertisers may be able to terminate prospective contracts with us at any time. Advertisers will not continue
to do business with us if their investment in advertising with us does not generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, or if we do
not deliver their advertisements in an appropriate and effective manner. If we are unable to remain competitive and provide value to our
advertisers, they may stop placing ads with us, which would adversely affect our revenues and business. In addition, expenditures by advertisers
tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions can also
have a material negative impact on the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers to reduce the amounts they spend on advertising,
which could adversely affect our revenues and business. 

Security breaches could harm our business. 

Security breaches have become more prevalent in
the technology industry. We believe that we take reasonable steps to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the information
we collect, use, store and disclose, but there is no guarantee that inadvertent (e.g., software bugs or other technical malfunctions,
employee error or malfeasance, or other factors) or unauthorized data access or use will not occur despite our efforts. Although we have
not experienced any material security breaches to date, we may in the future experience attempts to disable our systems or to breach the
security of our systems. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to personal information, confidential information and/or the systems
on which such information are stored and/or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against
a target. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 

If an actual or perceived security breach occurs,
the market perception of our security measures could be harmed, and we could lose sales and customers and/or suffer other negative consequences
to our business. A security breach could adversely affect the digital content experience and cause the loss or corruption of data, which
could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Any failure to maintain the security of our infrastructure could result
in loss of personal information and/or other confidential information, damage to our reputation and customer relationships, early termination
of our contracts and other business losses, indemnification of our customers, financial penalties, litigation, regulatory investigations
and other significant liabilities. In the event of a major third-party security incident, we may incur losses in excess of their insurance
coverage. 

Moreover, if a high-profile security breach occurs
with respect to us or another digital entertainment company, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of our
business model generally, which could adversely impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones. 

The laws and regulations concerning data
privacy and data security are continually evolving; our or our platform providers actual or perceived failure to comply with these
laws and regulations could harm our business. 

Customers view our content online, using third-party
platforms and networks and on mobile devices. We collect and store significant amounts of information about our customers-both personally
identifying and non-personally identifying information. We are subject to laws from a variety of jurisdictions regarding privacy and the
protection of this player information. For example, the European Union (EU) has traditionally taken a broader view than the United States
and certain other jurisdictions as to what is considered personal information and has imposed greater obligations under data privacy regulations.
The U.S. Children s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) also regulates the collection, use and disclosure of personal information
from children under 13 years of age. While none of our content is directed at children under 13 years of age, if COPPA were to apply to
us, failure to comply with COPPA may increase our costs, subject us to expensive and distracting government investigations and could result
in substantial fines. 

Data privacy protection laws are rapidly changing
and likely will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. The U.S. government, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department
of Commerce, is continuing to review the need for greater regulation over the collection of personal information and information about
consumer behavior on the Internet and on mobile devices and the EU has proposed reforms to its existing data protection legal framework.
Various government and consumer agencies worldwide have also called for new regulation and changes in industry practices. In addition,
in some cases, we are dependent upon our platform providers to solicit, collect and provide us with information regarding our players
that is necessary for compliance with these various types of regulations. 

Customer interaction with our content is subject
to our privacy policy and terms of service. If we fail to comply with our posted privacy policy or terms of service or if we fail to comply
with existing privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations, it could result in proceedings or litigation against us by governmental
authorities or others, which could result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, impact our financial condition and
harm our business. If regulators, the media or consumers raise any concerns about our privacy and data protection or consumer protection
practices, even if unfounded, this could also result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, and negatively impact our
financial condition and damage our business. 

20 

In the area of information security and data protection,
many jurisdictions have passed laws requiring notification when there is a security breach for personal data or requiring the adoption
of minimum information security standards that are often vaguely defined and difficult to implement. Our security measures and standards
may not be sufficient to protect personal information and we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent security breaches.
A security breach that compromises personal information could harm our reputation and result in a loss of confidence in our products and
ultimately in a loss of customers, which could adversely affect our business and impact our financial condition. This could also subject
us to liability under applicable security breach-related laws and regulations and could result in additional compliance costs, costs related
to regulatory inquiries and investigations, and an inability to conduct our business. 

Changes to federal, state or international
laws or regulations applicable to our company could adversely affect our business. 

Our business is subject to a variety of federal,
state and international laws and regulations, including those with respect privacy, data, and other laws. These laws and regulations,
and the interpretation or application of these laws and regulations, could change. In addition, new laws or regulations affecting our
business could be enacted. These laws and regulations are frequently costly to comply with and may divert a significant portion of management s
attention. If we fail to comply with these applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to significant liabilities which could
adversely affect our business. 

If any of our relationships with internet
search websites terminate, if such websites methodologies are modified or if we are outbid by competitors, traffic to our websites
could decline. 

We depend in part on various internet search websites,
such as Google.com, Bing.com, Yahoo.com and other websites to direct a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Search websites
typically provide two types of search results, algorithmic and purchased listings. Algorithmic listings generally are determined and displayed
as a result of a set of unpublished formulas designed by search engine companies in their discretion. Purchased listings generally are
displayed if particular word searches are performed on a search engine. We rely on both algorithmic and purchased search results, as well
as advertising on other internet websites, to direct a substantial share of visitors to our websites and to direct traffic to the advertiser
customers we serve. If these internet search websites modify or terminate their relationship with us or we are outbid by our competitors
for purchased listings, meaning that our competitors pay a higher price to be listed above us in a list of search results, traffic to
our websites could decline. Such a decline in traffic could affect our ability to generate advertising revenue and could reduce the desirability
of advertising on our websites. 

Our business involves risks of liability
claims arising from our media content, which could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and could increase our operating expenses. 

As a distributor of media content, we face potential
liability for defamation, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, obscenity, violation of rights of publicity
and/or obscenity laws and other claims based on the nature and content of the materials distributed. These types of claims have been brought,
sometimes successfully, against broadcasters, publishers, online services and other disseminators of media content. Any imposition of
liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition,
measures to reduce our exposure to liability in connection with content available through our internet websites could require us to take
steps that would substantially limit the attractiveness of our internet websites and/or their availability in certain geographic areas,
which could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and could increase our operating expenses. 

21 

Intellectual property litigation could expose
us to significant costs and liabilities and thus negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be subject to claims of infringement of
third-party patents and trademarks and other violations of third-party intellectual property rights. Intellectual property disputes are
generally time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle and the outcome of such disputes is uncertain and difficult to predict. The
existence of such disputes may require us to set-aside substantial reserves and has the potential to significantly affect our overall
financial standing. To the extent that claims against us are successful, they may subject us to substantial liability, and we may have
to pay substantial monetary damages, change aspects of our business model, and/or discontinue any of our services or practices that are
found to be in violation of another party s rights. Such outcomes may severely restrict or hinder ongoing business operations and
impact the value of our business. Successful claims against us could also result in us having to seek a license to continue our practices.
Under such conditions, a license may or may not be offered or otherwise made available to us. If a license is made available to us, the
cost of the license may significantly increase our operating burden and expenses, potentially resulting in a negative effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Although we have been and are currently involved
in multiple areas of commerce, internet services, and high technology where there is a substantial risk of future patent litigation, we
have not obtained insurance for patent infringement losses. If we are unsuccessful at resolving pending and future patent litigation in
a reasonable and affordable manner, it could disrupt our business and operations, including by negatively impacting areas of commerce
or putting us at a competitive disadvantage. 

If we are unable to obtain or maintain key
website addresses, our ability to operate and grow our business may be impaired. 

Our website addresses, or domain names, are critical
to our business. We currently own more than 415 domain names. However, the regulation of domain names is subject to change, and it may
be difficult for us to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to ours, that infringe our trademarks or that
otherwise decrease the value of our brands. If we are unable to obtain or maintain key domain names for the various areas of our business,
our ability to operate and grow our business may be impaired. 

We may have difficulty scaling and adapting
our existing network infrastructure to accommodate increased traffic and technology advances or changing business requirements, which
could cause us to incur significant expenses and lead to the loss of users and advertisers. 

To be successful, our network infrastructure has
to perform well and be reliable. The greater the user traffic and the greater the complexity of our products and services, the more computer
power we will need. We could incur substantial costs if we need to modify our websites or our infrastructure to adapt to technological
changes. If we do not maintain our network infrastructure successfully, or if we experience inefficiencies and operational failures, the
quality of our products and services and our users experience could decline. Maintaining an efficient and technologically advanced
network infrastructure is particularly critical to our business because of the pictorial nature of the products and services provided
on our websites. A decline in quality could damage our reputation and lead us to lose current and potential users and advertisers. Cost
increases, loss of traffic or failure to accommodate new technologies or changing business requirements could harm our operating results
and financial condition. 

Operating a network open to all internet
users may result in legal consequences. 

Our Terms and Conditions clearly state that our
network and services are only to be used by users who are over 13 years old. Although we will terminate accounts that are known to be
held by persons age 13 or younger, it is impractical to independently verify that all activity occurring on our network fits into this
description. As such, we run the risk of federal and state law enforcement prosecution. 

22 

Risks Related To Our Common Stock 

The price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations. 

The market price of our Common Stock may be highly
volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors and risks, many of which are beyond our control. In addition
to the risks noted elsewhere in this Form 10-K, some of the other factors affecting our stock price may include: 

Variations in our operating results; 

The level and quality of securities analysts coverage of our Common Stock; 

Announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

Announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us; and 

Future sales of our Common Stock. 

For these reasons, comparing our operating results
on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on past results as an indication of future performance. In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a public company s securities, securities class action litigation
has often been instituted against the public company. Regardless of its outcome, this type of litigation could result in substantial costs
to us and a likely diversion of our management s attention. 

You may lose all of your investment. 

Investing in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. As an investor, you might never recoup all, or even part of, your investment and you may never realize any return on your
investment. You must be prepared to lose all your investment. 

We may, in the future, issue additional
shares of common stock, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and dilute our share value 

Our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
authorize the issuance of 1,500,000,000 shares of common stock, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Currently the Company has 450
shares of Preferred Series E stock outstanding. Additionally, as of April 19, 2023 there are outstanding (i) warrants to purchase 35,665,533
shares of our common stock; (ii) options exercisable into 4,408,267 shares of our common stock; and (iii) 109,223 shares underlying the
conversion of Preferred Series E shares. 

Assuming all of the Company s currently
outstanding warrants and options are exercised and all convertible notes be converted, the Company would have to issue an additional 64,758,023
shares of common stock representing 75 of our current issued and outstanding common stock. As of the date of this filing, none of the
Company s outstanding convertible notes are currently convertible into Common Stock. The future issuance of this common stock would
result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any Common Stock
issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions
may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for
our common stock. 

Liability of directors for breach of duty
is limited under Nevada law. 

Nevada law provides that directors must discharge
their duties as a director in good faith and with a view to the interests of the corporation. Under Nevada law, directors owe a fiduciary
duty to the corporation, which is generally comprised of the duty of care and duty of loyalty to the corporation. Except under limited
circumstances set forth in NRS 78.138(7), or unless our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or an amendment thereto
provide for greater individual liability (which ours does not provide), a director or officer is not individually liable to the corporation
or its stockholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer
unless it is proven that the director s or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties
as a director or officer, and the breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. Our stockholders 
ability to recover damages for fiduciary breaches may be reduced by this statute. 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future and, as such, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source
of gain for the foreseeable future. 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development
and growth of our business. In addition, and any future loan arrangements we enter into may contain, terms prohibiting or limiting the
amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will
be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

23 

Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock in the public market by certain of our stockholders could cause our stock price to fall. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our
common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and
could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales
may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 

We may issue additional shares of preferred
stock in the future that may adversely impact your rights as holders of our common stock. 

Pursuant to our Second Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation, the aggregate number of shares of capital stock which we are authorized to issue is 1,520,000,000 shares, of which 1,500,000,000
shares are common stock, and 20,000,000 shares are blank check preferred stock with such designations, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to
issue one or more series of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could dilute the interest
of, or impair the voting power of, our common stockholders. As of the date of this Form 10-K, we have 450 shares of Preferred Series E
stock outstanding. 

The issuance of a series of preferred stock could
be used as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control. For example, it would be possible for our board of directors
to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of
our Company. In addition, advanced notice is required prior to stockholder proposals, which might further delay a change of control. Additionally,
our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders preferred rights to our
assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividends before dividends are declared to holders of our common stock, and the right to
the redemption of such preferred shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of the common stock. To the extent that we do
issue such additional shares of preferred stock, your rights as holders of common stock could be impaired thereby, including, without
limitation, dilution of your ownership interests in us. 

Each of our Second Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada
will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain disputes which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial
forum for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers, employees or agents. 

Each of our Second Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada shall be the sole and exclusive forum for state law claims with respect
to: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought in the name or right of the Company or on its behalf, (ii) any action asserting a
claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company to the Company or the Company s
stockholders, (iii) any action arising or asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of Nevada Revised Statutes Chapters 78 or
92A or any provision of the Company s Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws or (iv)
any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, including, without limitation, any action to interpret, apply,
enforce or determine the validity of the Company s Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Amended and Restated
Bylaws. This exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. To the extent that any such claims may
be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. However, each of our Second Amended Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws contain
a federal forum provision which provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal
district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action
arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the
Company are deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. As this provision applies to Securities Act claims, there may be
uncertainty whether a court would enforce such a provision. 

24 

These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other
employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and its directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a
court were to find our choice of forum provisions contained in either our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Amended
and Restated Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Dual listing on OTCQB and Upstream may lead
to additional stock price volatility and heightened regulation. 

Dual listing on two stock exchanges has the risk
of the additional regulatory and compliance requirements that come with operating on multiple exchanges. We will need to comply with the
rules and regulations of each of OTCQB and Upstream, which may include different reporting requirements, disclosure obligations, and accounting
standards. Dual listing may increase the exposure of the Company to market risks, including currency fluctuations and geopolitical events,
as it may be subject to different economic conditions and political environments in each exchange, which could potentially lead to greater
volatility in the Company s stock price and may negatively impact investor sentiment. There also is a risk that the additional scrutiny
and regulatory requirements associated with dual listing may discourage some investors from investing in the Company, or make it more
difficult for the Company to attract new investors. This could potentially limit the Company s access to capital and its ability to fund
its growth and expansion plans. 

There are risks associated with issuing
NFTs, including a potential finding of a violation of securities laws by a regulatory authority . 

In connection
with its listing on Upstream, the Company issued NFTs to shareholders who transferred their shares to the Upstream platform. The
NFTs traded on Upstream are issued by the Company and convey no ownership interest in the Company, nor do they provide any dividends,
royalties, or other equity interests or rights that would indicate an expectation of profit. The NFTs are issued only on Upstream and
can only be traded on Upstream. 

The Commission evaluates whether a particular
digital asset, including an NFT, is a security based on what is commonly referred to as the Howey Test. The Howey Test looks at four factors:
(i) an investment of money (ii) in a common enterprise (iii) with the expectation of profit (iv) to be derived from the efforts of others.
We believe the commemorative NFTs issued by Creatd do not meet the definition for securities under the Howey Test. Such NFTs, issued to
investors who deposited shares of Creatd with Upstream, are commemorative in nature, memorializing the listing on Upstream, as a novelty
item, being akin to a tombstone, plaque, sticker, poster or t-shirt commemorating the listing, similar to what NASDAQ and the NYSE may
provide to its issuers. The NFT issued by Creatd conveys no ownership interest in Creatd, nor does it provide any dividends, royalties,
or other equity interests or rights that would indicate an expectation of profit. The NFTs are issued only on Upstream and can only be
traded on Upstream. No consideration was paid for the NFTs, and such investors are still able to transfer such shares back to Pacific
Stock Transfer following receipt of the NFTs. 

Although we believe that these NFTs are not securities,
there is risk that the issuance of NFTs may be considered a public offering in violation of the federal securities laws, and perhaps certain
state securities laws. For issuances that are deemed to be public offerings under federal securities laws or in violation of certain state
securities laws, purchasers of such products might be granted the right to rescind the sale of these products and demand that we return
the purchase price of these products. We did not receive a purchase price for these NFTs; however, there is risk that the Company
may be subject to other penalties or that other remedies may apply. 

25 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements contain information about our expectations, beliefs or intentions regarding our product development and
commercialization efforts, business, financial condition, results of operations, strategies or prospects, and other similar matters. These
forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and assumptions about future events, which are inherently
subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. These statements may be identified by words
such as expects, plans, projects, will, may, anticipates, 
 believes, should, intends, estimates, and other words of similar meaning. 

These statements relate to future events or our
future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among
other things, those listed under the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Any forward-looking statement in this Annual Report
reflects our current view with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating
to our business, results of operations, industry and future growth. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Annual Report
and the documents that we reference herein and therein and have filed as exhibits hereto and thereto completely and with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information
becomes available in the future. 

This Annual Report also contains or may contain
estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the markets for our products, including data regarding
the estimated size of those markets and their projected growth rates. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections or
similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and
circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained these industry, business, market and other
data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by third parties, industry and general publications, government
data and similar sources. In some cases, we do not expressly refer to the sources from which these data are derived. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

26 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company currently does not own any properties.
Our corporate headquarters consists of a total of approximately 8,000 square feet and is located at 419 Lafayette Street, 6 th 
Floor New York, NY 10003. The current lease term is effective May 1, 2022 through April 29, 2029 with monthly rent of 39,000 for the
first year of the leasing period, with a 3 increase for each subsequent year. 

We believe that our facilities are adequate to
meet our needs for the immediate future, and that, should it be needed, suitable additional space will be available to accommodate any
such expansion of our operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except as set forth below, we are currently
not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or operating results. 

Skube v. WHE Agency Inc., et al 

A complaint against WHE, Creatd and Jeremy Frommer filed December 22, 2022, was filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New
York County, by Jessica Skube, making certain claims alleging conversion, trespass to chattel, unjust enrichment, breach of contract,
fraud in the inducement, seeking damages of 161,000 and punitive damages of 500,000. Skube filed an Order to Show Cause, which the Company
opposed, which is currently pending. Given the premature nature of this case, it is still too early for the Company to make an assessment
as to 
liability, but the 161,000 figure is far more likely than the 500,000. 

Lind Global v. Creatd, Inc. 

A complaint against Creatd dated September 21, 2022, has been filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, by
Lind Global Macro Fund LP and Lind Global Fund II LP, making certain claims alleging breach of contract related to two Securities Purchase
Agreements executed on May 31, 2022, seeking damages in excess of 920,000. The Company filed a Motion to Dismiss, which is currently
pending. Given the premature nature of this case, it is still too early for the Company to make an assessment as to liability. 

Laurie Weisberg v. Creatd, Inc. 

A confession of judgment against Creatd dated September 2, 2022, has
been filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, by Laurie Weisberg, making certain claims alleging breach of
contract related to an executive separation agreement also dated September 2, 2022, seeking damages of approximately 415,000 and legal
fees amounting to approximately 5,000. The Company and Ms. Weisberg are actively negotiating in an attempt to resolve the dispute. Given
the premature nature of this matter, is still too early for the Company to make an assessment as to liability. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

27 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace
operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. OTCQB under the symbol VOCL. Our stock had previously been quoted on
OTCQB under the symbol CRTD, with such change having become effective on April 4, 2023, following approval from FINRA. 

Our common stock is dual-listed on Upstream under
the symbol VOCL. Upstream is the trading app for digital securities and NFTs powered by Horizon Fintex and MERJ Exchange
Limited MERJ ). U.S. investors are not permitted to purchase, deposit or sell securities listed on Upstream. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately
194 registered holders of record of our Common Stock, and approximately 5 holders of record of our Series E Convertible Preferred Stock.
Since certain shares of our Common Stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, the foregoing number of
holders of our Common Stock is not representative of the number of beneficial holders of our Common Stock. 

Dividends 

To date, we have not paid cash dividends on our
Common Stock and do not plan to pay such dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Board will determine our future dividend policy on the
basis of many factors, including results of operations, capital requirements, and general business conditions. Dividends, under the Nevada
Revised Statutes, may only be paid from our net profits or surplus. To date, we have not had a fiscal year with net profits and, subject
to a valuation by the Board of the present value of the Company s assets, do not have surplus. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

During the three months ended December 31, 2022,
we issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act and were not previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K
or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as listed below. All of the securities discussed in this Item 2 were issued in reliance on the exemption
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Warrant Exercises 

During the three months ended December 31, 2022,
2,602,143 warrants were cashlessly exercised, resulting in the issuance of 2,150,848 shares and the cancellation of 2,602,143 warrants. 

Consultant Shares 

During the three months ended December 31, 2022,
the Company issued 369,843 shares of Common Stock to consultants and employees. 

Debt Conversion 

During the three months
ended December 31, 2022, 2 lenders converted 163,407 in promissory notes into 256,479 shares of Common Stock. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

28 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition
to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including
but not limited to those set forth in Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

This Form 10-K and other reports filed by Creatd,
Inc., formerly Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), from time to time with the SEC (collectively, the Filings contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available
to, the Company s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company s management. Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used
in the Filings, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, future, 
 intend, plan, or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or the
Company s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of the Company with respect to
future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors, including the risks relating to the Company s
business, industry, and the Company s operations and results of operations. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated,
expected, intended, or planned. 

Although the Company believes that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance,
or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, the Company does not intend
to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). These accounting principles require us to make
certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable
based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments
and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material
differences between these estimates and actual results. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically
dictated by GAAP and does not require management s judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s
judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

We intend for this discussion to provide information
that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements, and the primary
factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. 

Overview 

The creator economy is well-established and thriving, consisting of
hundreds of millions of creators and billions of viewers. Creatd plays a crucial role within this ecosystem, with a range of businesses
established to help creators realize their potential both creatively and monetarily, partnering with peers in their community and brands
when the opportunity arises. At the center of our businesses lies Vocal, our core technology platform that hosts our creator community
and generates the first-party data that powers our revenue generation. 

29 

Results of Operations 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table summarizes total current assets,
liabilities and working capital at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Increase / (Decrease) 
 
 Current Assets 
 1,479,164 
 4,475,242 
 (2,996,078 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 15,207,316 
 5,421,015 
 9,786,301 
 
 Working Capital (Deficit) 
 (13,728,152 
 (945,773 
 (12,782,379 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had a working
capital deficit of 13,728,152 as compared to a working capital deficit of 945,773 at December 31, 2021, an increase in working capital
deficit of 12,782,379. The increase is primarily attributable to the decrease in cash, and prepaids and other current assets, as well
as an increase in accounts payable, notes payable and deferred revenue. This was offset by an increase in accounts receivable and inventory. 

Net Cash 

Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31,
2022, and 2021, was 16,805,429 and 20,518,807, respectively. The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 35,676,315
and 37,379,153, respectively. This change is primarily attributable to the net loss for the current period offset by share-based payments
in the amount of 4,183,844 to employees and consultants for services rendered, accretion of debt discount and debt issuance costs of
 4,668,039, due to incentives given with debentures, and a change in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 4,773,551. 

The decreased net cash used in 2022 reflected
an extraordinary cash outlay for marketing in 2021 that went toward generating a lower creator acquisition cost for paid Vocal subscribers
and was not repeated in 2022, as well as a decrease in payroll expenses from 2021 to 2022. 

Net cash provided by investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022, was 373,206. This is primarily attributable to the sale of minority interest in OG Collection, Inc.
This was offset by the sale and purchase of digital assets. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 13,405,624 and 17,615,915, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company s operations were predominantly financed by net proceeds of 1,781,947 from the exercise of warrants, the proceeds from
sale of common stock and warrants of 5,722,300, and the proceeds from loans and notes of 10,611,124, which were partially offset by
the repayment of notes and loans of 4,693,967. Similarly, the Company s financing activity for the year ended December 31, 2021,
generated 4,358,428 from loans and note issuances, the proceeds of which were partially offset by repayment of notes of 1,398,113. 

Summary of Statements of Operations for the
Year Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Year Ended December 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 4,796,474 
 4,299,717 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 6,109,206 
 5,300,037 
 
 Operating expenses 
 (27,718,380 
 (32,368,400 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (29,031,112 
 (33,368,720 
 
 Other expenses 
 6,645,203 
 4,010,433 
 
 Net loss 
 (35,676,315 
 (37,379,153 
 
 Loss per common share - basic and diluted 
 (1.66 
 (2.98 

30 

Revenue 

Revenue was 4,796,474 for the year ended December
31, 2022, as compared to 4,299,717 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 496,757 was attributable to our ecommerce business,
which grew from 90,433 in revenue in 2021 to 1,456,593 in 2022. This growth in ecommerce revenues was partially offset by a decrease
in agency revenues in a slowing market for influencer-based sales. Vocal revenues were stable though down year over year as the company
transitioned from a pay-to-play marketing model to an organic growth framework. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 6,109,206
as compared to 5,300,037 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 809,169 attributable to increased supply side costs in
our direct-to-consumer product business, a portion of which were due to our increased revenue in our direct-to-consumer businesses. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022, were 27,718,380 as compared to 32,368,400 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 4,650,020 is primarily attributable
to a significant reduction in overhead, including an almost 5 million reduction in marketing spend and reductions in research and development.
In addition, there was a reduction in stock-based compensation from 9.7 million in 2021 to 4.2 million in 2022. These decreases were
partially offset by an increase in impairment of intangible assets, legal and consulting fees, as well as office rent. 

Loss from Operations 

Loss from operations for the year ended December
31, 2022, was 29,031,112 as compared to 33,368,720 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other Expenses 

Other expenses for the year ended December 31,
2022, were 6,645,203 as compared to 4,010,433 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in other expenses was predominantly
due to an increase in accretion of debt discount and issuance cost, interest expense, loss of extinguishment of debt, and loss from settlement
of vendor liabilities. This was offset by the decrease from the impairment of investment and change in derivative liability. 

Net Loss 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders for
the year ended December 31, 2022, was 35,676,315, or loss per share of 1.66, as compared to a net loss attributable to common shareholders
of 37,703,652, or loss per share of 2.98, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

Significant Accounting Policies 

We believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical
to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operation. 

31 

Use of Estimates and Critical Accounting
Estimates and Assumptions 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting periods. 

These significant accounting estimates or assumptions
bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates
or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. 

Management bases its estimates on historical experience
and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. 

Management regularly evaluates the key factors
and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical
experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. The Company
uses estimates in accounting for, among other items, revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, stock-based compensation, income
tax provisions, excess and obsolete inventory reserve, and impairment of intellectual property. 

Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The fair value measurement disclosures are grouped
into three levels based on valuation factors: 

Level 1 - quoted prices in
active markets for identical investments 

Level 2 - other significant
observable inputs (including quoted prices for similar investments and market corroborated inputs) 

Level 3 - significant unobservable
inputs (including our own assumptions in determining the fair value of investments) 

The Company s Level 1 assets/liabilities
include cash, accounts receivable, marketable trading securities, accounts payable, prepaid and other current assets, and due to related
parties. Management believes the estimated fair value of these accounts at December 31, 2022 approximate their carrying value as reflected
in the balance sheets due to the short-term nature of these instruments or the use of market interest rates for debt instruments. 

The Company s Level 2 assets/liabilities
include certain of the Company s notes payable and capital lease obligations. Their carrying value approximates their fair values
based upon a comparison of the interest rate and terms of such debt given the level of risk to the rates and terms of similar debt currently
available to the Company in the marketplace. 

32 

The Company s Level 3 assets/liabilities
include goodwill, intangible assets, marketable debt securities, equity investments at cost, and derivative liabilities. Inputs to determine
fair value are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would
use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option pricing
models and discounted cash flow models. Unobservable inputs used in the models are significant to the fair values of the assets and liabilities. 

Long-lived Assets Including Acquired Intangible
Assets 

We evaluate the recoverability of property and
equipment, acquired finite-lived intangible assets and, purchased infinite life digital assets for possible impairment whenever events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level
for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of these assets
is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate from the
use and eventual disposition. Digital assets accounted for as intangible assets are subject to impairment losses if the fair value of
digital assets decreases other than temporarily below the carrying value. The fair value is measured using the quoted price of the crypto
asset at the time its fair value is being measured. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of property and equipment and intangible
assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded an impairment charge of 2,043,011 for intangible assets. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment
charge of 688,127 for intangible assets. 

Acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives of property
and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets. If we change the estimated useful life assumption for any asset, the remaining unamortized
balance is amortized or depreciated over the revised estimated useful life. The remaining weighted average life of the intangible assets
is 8.06 years. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is not amortized but is subject to periodic
testing for impairment in accordance with ASC Topic 350 Intangibles Goodwill and Other Testing Indefinite-Lived
Intangible Assets for Impairment ASC Topic 350 ). The Company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as
of the last day of the Company s fiscal December each year or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change indicating
that the fair value of the goodwill may be below its carrying amount. The Company uses an income-based approach to determine the fair
value of the reporting units. This approach uses a discounted cash flow methodology and the ability of our reporting units to generate
cash flows as measures of fair value of our reporting units. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company completed its annual impairment tests of goodwill. The Company performed the qualitative assessment as permitted by ASC 350-20
and determined for one of its reporting units that the fair value of that reporting unit was more likely than not greater than its carrying
value, including Goodwill. However, based on this qualitative assessment, the Company determined that the carrying value of the Denver
Bodega, Dune, Plant Camp and, WHE Agency reporting units was more likely than not greater than their carrying value, including Goodwill.
Based on the completion of the annual impairment tests, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 1,433,815 and 1,035,795 for
goodwill for the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Derivative Liability 

The Company evaluates its debt and equity issuances
to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance
with paragraph 815-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The result of this accounting treatment
is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability.
In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations
as other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or cancellation of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value
at the date of conversion, exercise or cancellation and then the related fair value is reclassified to equity. 

In circumstances where the embedded conversion
option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible
instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative
instrument. 

The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.
Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to liability at the
fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified in the balance sheet as
current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is expected within 12 months of the balance
sheet date. 

The Company adopted Section 815-40-15 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Section 815-40-15 to determine whether an instrument (or an embedded feature) is indexed
to the Company s own stock. Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two-step approach to evaluate whether an equity-linked
financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock, including evaluating the instrument s contingent exercise
and settlement provisions. 

33 

The Company utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation
model for the make whole feature (see note 10) and a binomial option model for convertible notes that have an option to convert at a variable
number of shares to compute the fair value of the derivative and to mark to market the fair value of the derivative at each balance sheet
date. The inputs utilized in the application of the Monte Carlo model included a starting stock price, an expected term of each debenture
remaining from the valuation date to maturity, an estimated volatility, drift, and a risk-free rate. The inputs utilized in the application
of the Binomial model included a stock price on valuation date, an expected term of each debenture remaining from the valuation date to
maturity, an estimated volatility, and a risk-free rate. The Company records the change in the fair value of the derivative as other income
or expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Revenue Recognition 

Under Topic 606, revenue is recognized when control
of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled
to in exchange for those goods or services. 

We determine revenue recognition through the following
steps: 

identification of the contract,
or contracts, with a customer; 

identification of the performance
obligations in the contract; 

determination of the transaction
price. The transaction price for any given subscriber could decrease based on any payments made to that subscriber. A subscriber may
be eligible for payment through one or more of the monetization features offered to Vocal creators, including earnings through reads
(on a cost per mille basis) and cash prizes offered to Challenge winners; 

allocation of the transaction
price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognition of revenue when,
or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 

Deferred Revenue 

Deferred revenue consists of billings and payments
from clients in advance of revenue recognition. The Company has two types of deferred revenue, subscription revenue whereas the revenue
is recognized over the subscription period and contract liabilities where the performance obligation was not satisfied. The Company will
recognize the deferred revenue within the next twelve months. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had deferred revenue of 299,409
and 234,159 respectively. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company recognizes compensation expense for all
equity-based payments granted in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718 Compensation - Stock
Compensation . Under fair value recognition provisions, the Company recognizes equity-based compensation over the requisite
service period of the award. The company has a relatively low forfeiture rate of stock-based compensation and forfeitures are recognized
as they occur. 

Restricted stock awards are granted at the discretion
of the Company. These awards are restricted as to the transfer of ownership and generally vest over the requisite service periods. 

The fair value of an option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Black-Scholes option valuation model requires the development
of assumptions that are inputs into the model. These assumptions are the value of the underlying share, the expected stock volatility,
the risk-free interest rate, the expected life of the option, the dividend yield on the underlying stock and forfeitures are recognized
as they occur.. Expected volatility is derived from the Company s historical data over the expected option life and other appropriate
factors. Risk-free interest rates are calculated based on continuously compounded risk-free rates for the appropriate term. The dividend
yield is assumed to be zero as the Company has never paid or declared any cash dividends on its Common stock and does not intend to pay
dividends on its Common stock in the foreseeable future. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 

34 

Determining the appropriate fair value model and
calculating the fair value of equity-based payment awards requires the input of the subjective assumptions described above. The assumptions
used in calculating the fair value of equity-based payment awards represent management s best estimates, which involve inherent
uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change and the Company uses different assumptions,
our equity-based compensation could be materially different in the future. The Company issues awards of equity instruments, such as stock
options and restricted stock units, to employees and certain non-employee directors. Compensation expense related to these awards is based
on the fair value of the underlying stock on the award date and is amortized over the service period, defined as the vesting period. The
vesting period is generally one to three years. A Black-Scholes model is utilized to estimate the fair value of stock options, while the
market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant is used for restricted stock units. Compensation expense is reduced
for actual forfeitures as they occur. 

Recent Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU-2016-13 ).
ASU 2016-13 affects loans, debt securities, trade receivables, and any other financial assets that have the contractual right to receive
cash. The ASU requires an entity to recognize expected credit losses rather than incurred losses for financial assets. On October 16,
2019, FASB approved a final ASU delaying the effective date of ASU 2016-13 for small reporting companies to interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these amendments to the Company s financial
position and results of operations and currently does not know or cannot reasonably quantify the impact of the adoption of the amendments
as a result of the complexity and extensive changes from the amendments. The adoption of the guidance will affect disclosures and estimates
around accounts receivable. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. This ASU amends the guidance on convertible
instruments and the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity, and also improves and amends the related
EPS guidance for both Subtopics. ASU 2020-06 is effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods
within that fiscal year. Upon adoption, the Company would no longer recognize the intrinsic value of beneficial conversion features underlying
convertible debt. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the company recognized approximately 2.0 million relating to a beneficial
conversion feature. 

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08,
Business Combinations Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (Topic 805), Which
aims to improve the accounting for acquired revenue contracts with customers in a business combination by addressing diversity in recognition
and payment terms that effect subsequent revenue recognition. ASU 2021-08 is effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15,
2022, including interim periods within that fiscal year. The Company expects that there would be no material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements upon the adoption of this ASU. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

35 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Creatd, Inc. 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Contents Page(s) Report Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 0089 F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-8 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Creatd, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Creatd, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations
and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company had
a significant accumulated deficit, significant net loss and net cash used in operating activities that raise substantial doubt about its
ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Goodwill and Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
Impairment Evaluation 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
management conducts a goodwill impairment assessment on an annual basis and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The fair value of a reporting unit is determined through the use of the income
approach using estimates of future cash flows attributable to the respective reporting units. As a result of the annual impairment assessment,
the Company recognized approximately 1.4 million of goodwill impairment related to its reporting units. 

Additionally, as discussed in Note 2 to the financial
statements, management evaluates the recoverability of acquired finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by
a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate from their use and eventual
disposition. As a result of the intangible asset impairment assessment, the Company recognized approximately 1.9 million of impairment
related to finite-lived intangible assets. 

We identified the impairment of Goodwill and finite-lived
intangible assets as a critical audit matter because of significant judgments required by management to estimate the fair value, including
forecasted cash flows, revenue growth rates and expectations for operating expenses. The Goodwill assessment also requires judgment related
to the discount rate utilized and other significant valuation assumptions. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased
extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s cash flow estimates and the selection
of cash flow multiples used in the income approach for valuing Goodwill. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the forecasts
of management s estimates of future cash flows, the selection of cash flow multiples for the Company s reporting units, and
the evaluation of the discount rate for Goodwill assessments included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of the controls over the assessment of Goodwill and intangible asset impairment,
including those over qualitative assessments and the determination of fair value based on relevant cash flow forecasts. 

Tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations and evaluated significant assumptions and the underlying
data used by the Company by performing procedures to test the projected revenues, projected direct costs, and projected operating expenses
by comparing them with the historical forecasted results of the respective entities operations, evaluating the feasibility of generating
revenues and cost-cutting strategies and assessing the impacts of internal and/or external economic factors. 

We used experienced personnel to evaluate the expertise, valuation assumptions and methodologies utilized
by valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge engaged by the Company, and critically evaluated management s assumptions
used in the valuations. 

Inventory 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value and are periodically evaluated to identify
obsolete or otherwise impaired products and are written off when management determines usage is not probable. The Company estimates the
balance of excess and obsolete inventory by analyzing inventory by age using last used and original purchase date and existing sales pipeline
for which the inventory could be used. 

We identified the audit of inventory as a critical
audit matter for the following reasons based on different aspects of the audit of inventory. 

(a) Existence of inventory we encountered difficulty in gaining timely access to observe physical
inventory counts at multiple locations or confirm existence in other locations. Certain counts could only be done virtually. These factors
required the need for inventory roll back procedures, which were also complicated. 

(b) Valuation of inventory (1) The determination of the proper allocation of inventory value to unit
costs was complex and the Company lacked formal controls over this area; (2) The determination of inventory obsolescence required significant
assumptions about expiration and spoilage or breakage. 

F- 3 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the testing the
existence and valuation of inventory included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of the controls over inventory recognition, valuation and monitoring, including
those related to allocation of unit costs, inventory obsolescence, and tracking of remote inventories. 

Tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations and evaluated significant assumptions and the underlying
data used by the Company in allocating unit costs by performing procedures to test the underlying value of inventory components in relation
to historical bill of materials and finished goods observed during inventory counts. We also evaluated this information by performing
our own independent allocations of predicted unit costs and comparing to Company estimates. 

We critically evaluated the assumptions and methodology employed by the Company in evaluating inventory
obsolescence, including consideration of subsequent events, and assessing the reasonableness of estimates to historical data for spoilage
or breakage. 

During inventory observations, we required live counts, ensured that count procedures were prepared and
properly followed, the counting team member was adequately familiar with the inventory items to be counted, count locations were properly
identified and tracked accurately, and observed the contents of certain boxes and observed all sides of palleted items. 

We tested the verifiability of inventory reports and tested detailed transactions for the inventory roll
back procedures. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. April 18, 2023 

F- 4 

Creatd, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Deposits and other assets 

Minority investment in businesses 
 -

Operating lease right of use asset 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Convertible Notes, net of debt discount and issuance costs 

Current portion of operating lease payable 

Note payable, net of debt discount and issuance costs 

Deferred revenue 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities: 

Note payable 

Operating lease payable 
 
 -

Total Non-current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized 

Series E Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock par value : shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Less: Treasury stock, and shares, respectively 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Creatd, Inc. Stockholders Equity 

Non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Creatd, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

For the Year Ended 
 For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Net revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross margin (loss) 

Operating expenses 

Compensation 

Research and development 

Marketing 

Stock based compensation 

Impairment of goodwill 

Impairment of intangible assets 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Other income 

Interest expense 

Accretion of debt discount and issuance cost 

Derivative expense 
 -

Change in derivative liability 

Impairment of investment 

Settlement of vendor liabilities 

Loss on marketable securities 
 
 -

Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 -

Other income (expenses), net 

Loss before income tax provision 

Income tax provision 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Non-controlling interest in net loss 

Net Loss attributable to Creatd, Inc. 

Deemed dividend 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss 

Currency translation loss 

Comprehensive loss 

Per-share data 

Basic and diluted loss per share

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Creatd, Inc. 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

Series
 E 
 Preferred Stock 

Common
 Stock 

Treasury
 stock 

Additional 
 Paid In 

Subscription 

Accumulated 

Non-Controlling 

Other 
 Comprehensive 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Receivable 

Deficit 

Interest 

Income 

(Deficit) 

Balance,
 January 1, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Stock based
 compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for prepaid services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued to settle vendor liabilities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock issued upon conversion of notes payable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercise
 of warrants to stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Cash received
 for common stock and warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Cash received
 for preferred series E and warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of preferred series E to stock 

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock warrants
 issued with note payable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Dividends 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss
 for the year months ended December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Conversion
 of preferred series E to stock 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock based
 compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued to settle vendor liabilities 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for prepaid services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for in process research and development 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

BCF issued
 with note payable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercise of
 warrants to stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Purchase
 of treasury stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Stock warrants
 issued with note payable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Cash received for common stock and warrants, net of of issuance costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock issued
 with note payable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock issued upon conversion of notes payable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Sale of non-controlling interest in OG Collection Inc. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Deemed Dividends 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Creatd, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended 
 For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of investment 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Impairment of goodwill 

impairment of ROU 
 
 - 
 
 Accretion of debt discount and issuance cost 

Share-based compensation 

Shares issued for in process research and development 
 
 - 
 
 Bad debt expense 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 

Settlement of vendor liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Derivative Expense 
 - 

Loss on marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Non cash lease expense 

Reserve for obsolete inventory 
 
 -

Equity interest granted for other income 
 -

Equity in net loss from unconsolidated investment 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Accounts receivable 

Deposits and other assets 

Deferred revenue 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash paid for property and equipment 

Cash paid for minority investment in business 
 -

Cash paid for equity method investment 
 -

Cash paid for investments in marketable securities 
 
 -

Sale of marketable securities 
 
 -

Cash received from the Sale of non-controlling interest in OG Collection Inc. 
 
 -

Cash consideration for acquisition 

Purchases of digital assets 

Sale of digital assets 
 
 -

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from the exercise of warrant 

Net proceeds from issuance of notes 

Repayment of notes 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible note 

Repayment of convertible notes 

Repayment of note payable - related party 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants 

Cash received for preferred series E and warrants 
 -

Purchase of treasury stock 
 
 -

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of period 

Cash - End of period 

SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash Paid During the Year for: 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Interest 

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Settlement of vendor liabilities 
 -

Beneficial conversion feature on convertible notes 
 
 -

Warrants issued with debt 

Shares issued with debt 
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for prepaid services 

Recognition of Right-of-use asset and corresponding operating lease liability 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs 
 -

Common stock and warrants issued upon conversion of notes payable 

Shares issued for acquisition 
 - 

Reduction of ROU asset related to re-measurement of lease liability 
 -

Repayment of promissory notes from Australian R D credits 
 -

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Creatd, Inc. 

December 31, 2022 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares
of GTPH s common stock. In connection therewith, GTPH acquired shares of Jerrick s Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Jerrick Series A Preferred and shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Jerrick
Series B Preferred ). 

shares of GTPH s Common Stock
held by Mr. Campbell. In addition, Mr. Campbell assumed all debts, obligations and liabilities of GTPH, including any existing prior to
the Merger, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Spin-Off Agreement. 

of the membership interests of Seller s Choice, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company Seller s Choice ),
a digital e-commerce agency. 

of the membership interests of Plant Camp, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Plant Camp ), which the Company subsequently
rebranded as Camp. Camp is a direct-to-consumer (DTC) food brand which creates healthy upgrades to classic comfort food favorites. The
results of Plant Camp s operations have been included since the date of acquisition in the Statements of Operations. 

of the membership interests of WHE Agency, Inc. WHE Agency, Inc, is a talent management and public relations agency based in New York WHE ). WHE has been consolidated due to the Company s ownership of voting control, and the results of operations
have been included since the date of acquisition in the Statements of Operations. 

F- 9 

of the membership interests of Dune, Inc. Dune, Inc. is a direct-to-consumer brand focused on promoting
wellness through its range of health-oriented beverages. 

of the membership interests of Dune, Inc., bringing our total membership interests to . Dune, Inc., has been consolidated
due to the Company s ownership of voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition
in the Statements of Operations. 

of the membership interests of Denver Bodega, LLC, d/b/a Basis, a Colorado limited liability company Basis ). Basis is a
direct-to-consumer functional beverage brand that makes high-electrolyte mixes meant to aid hydration. Denver Bodega, LLC has been consolidated
due to the Company s ownership of voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition
in the Statement of Operations. 

of the membership interests of Orbit Media LLC, a New York limited liability company. Orbit is a app-based stock trading platform designed
to empower a new generation of investors. Orbit has been consolidated due to the Company s ownership of voting control,
and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition in the Statement of Operations. 

of the membership interests of Brave Foods, LLC, a Maine limited liability company. Brave is a plant-based food company that provides
convenient and healthy breakfast food products. Brave Foods, LLC has been consolidated due to the Company s ownership of 
voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition in the Statement of Operations. 

shares
of common stock of OG for a purchase price of , and, in connection therewith OG, the Company, and the Investor entered into a
Shareholder Agreement. 

F- 10 

Abacus Tech Pty Ltd 

Creatd Ventures LLC 

Dune Inc. 

OG Collection, Inc. 

Orbit Media LLC 

WHE Agency, Inc. 

F- 11 

. 

and , respectively. 

Purchase of marketable securities 
 -

Interest due at maturity 
 -

Other than temporary impairment 

Conversion of marketable securities 
 -

December 31, 2021 and 2022 
 -

F- 12 

Addition 
 -
 
 -
 
 417,24

Extinguishment 
 -
 
 -

Conversion to Note payable - related party 
 -
 
 -

Changes in fair value 
 -
 
 -

Derivative liabilities as December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Addition 
 -
 
 -

Changes in fair value 
 -
 
 -

Extinguishment 
 -
 
 -

Derivative liabilities as December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 - 

Total assets 
 
 -
 
 -

- 
 - 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 - 

Total assets 
 
 - 
 - 

. The Company does not
believe it is exposed to significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. 

F- 13 

. It is reasonably possible that operations located outside an entity s home country will be disrupted in
the near term. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold Improvements 

for intangible assets. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment
charge of for intangible assets. 

.06 years. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Intangible assets not subject to amortization 

Total Intangible Assets 

F- 14 

and
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for goodwill for the years ended
December 31 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Goodwill acquired in a business combination 

Impairment of goodwill 

As of December 31, 2021 

Goodwill acquired in business combinations 

Impairment of goodwill 

As of December 31, 2022 

F- 15 

Purchase of marketable securities 
 -

Interest due at maturity 
 -

Other than temporary impairment 

Conversion of marketable securities 
 -

December 31, 2021 and 2022 
 -

or less and maintain a weighted average maturity of or less. As of December 31, 2021,
all of our investments had maturities between one and . The marketable debt security investments are evaluated for impairment
if events or circumstances arise that indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. During the years ended
December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a from the impairment of the debt security. 

Purchase of equity investments 

Other than temporary impairment 

Conversion to equity method investments 

As of December 31, 2021 

Purchase of equity investments 
 -

Other than temporary impairment 

Conversion to equity method investments 
 -

As of December 31, 2022 
 -

F- 16 

and 
impairment of the equity security respectively. 

and respectively for equity method investments. 

F- 17 

F- 18 

Platform (Creator Subscriptions) 

Ecommerce 

Affiliate Sales 

Other Revenue 
 -

Products transferred at a point in time 

- per month while Project amounts vary
depending on the scope of work. Partner and Monthly clients are billed monthly for the work completed within that month. Partner Clients
may or may not have an additional billing component referred to as Sales Performance Fee, which is a fee based upon a previously agreed
upon percentage point of the client s total sales for the month. Some Partners may also have projects within their contracts that
get billed and recognized as agreed upon project milestones are achieved. Revenue is recognized over time as service obligations and milestones
in the contract are met. 

F- 19 

to , with branded challenges ranging from to and branded articles ranging from to per article. Branded articles are created and published, and challenges are completed, within three months of the signed agreement, or as previously negotiated with the client. 

of the value of an influencer s contract with a brand. Revenue is recognized net of the of the
contract that is collected by the influencer and is recognized when performance obligations of the contract are met. Performance obligations
are complete when milestones and deliverables of contracts are delivered to the client. 

- . 

to of the gross contract amount, ranging from to in net revenue per contract. 

at execution of the performance obligation. Net payment terms vary by client. 

monthly or annually, though these amounts are subject to promotional discounts and free trials.
Vocal+ subscribers receive access to value-added features such as increased rate of cost per mille (thousand) CPM monetization,
a decreased minimum withdrawal threshold, a discount on platform processing fees, member badges for their profiles, access to exclusive
Vocal+ Challenges, and early access to new Vocal features. Subscription revenues stem from both monthly and annual subscriptions, the
latter of which is amortized over a twelve-month period. Any customer payments received are recognized over the subscription period, with
any payments received in advance being deferred until they are earned. 

F- 20 

and respectively. 

and , respectively as a bad debt expense. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company has an allowance for doubtful accounts of . As of December 31, 2021, the Company has an allowance for doubtful accounts
of . 

F- 21 

and respectively. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 the Company recorded and respectively for product obsolescence. 

to . A Black-Scholes model is utilized to estimate
the fair value of stock options, while the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant is used for restricted
stock units. Compensation expense is reduced for actual forfeitures as they occur. 

F- 22 

Options 

Warrants 

Convertible notes 
 
 -

Totals 

from the modification of warrants. 

million relating to a beneficial
conversion feature. 

F- 23 

million, a net loss of million and net cash
used in operating activities of million for the reporting period then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. 

Finished goods 

F- 24 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Leasehold Improvements 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

and for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The April 2020 PPP Loan Agreement 

The First December 2021 Loan Agreement 
 - 

The Second December 2021 Loan Agreement 
 - 

First Denver Bodega LLC Loan 
 
 -

The Third May 2022 Loan Agreement 
 
 -
 
 -

The Fourth May 2022 Loan Agreement 
 
 -
 
 -

The Second June Loan agreement 
 
 - 
 - 

The First August 2022 Loan Agreement 
 
 -

The Second August 2022 Loan Agreement 
 
 -
 
 -

The First September 2022 Loan Agreement 
 
 -
 
 -

The Second September 2022 Loan Agreement 
 
 -
 
 -

The Third September 2022 Loan Agreement 
 
 -
 
 -

The November 2022 Loan 
 
 -
 
 -

Less: Debt Discount 

Less: Debt Issuance Costs 
 -
 
 -

Less: Current Debt 

Total Long-Term Debt 

. 

F- 25 

, which includes of note
principal and of accrued interest. The matter has been dismissed. As part of the settlement the Company recorded a Gain
on extinguishment of debt of . 

(the Loan ), pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under Division A, Title I of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), which was enacted
on March 27, 2020. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any
time prior to maturity without payment of any premium. Funds from the Loan may only be used to retain workers and maintain payroll or
make mortgage payments, lease payments and utility payments. 

. 

in principal. 

. 

towards this note. 

,
pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ). The Loan, which was in the form of a Note dated May 4, 2020,
matures on May 4, 2022, and bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable monthly commencing on November 4, 2020. The
Note may be prepaid by Jerrick Ventures at any time prior to maturity without payment of any premium. Funds from the Loan may only be
used to retain workers and maintain payroll or make mortgage payments, lease payments and utility payments. Jerrick Ventures intends
to use the entire Loan amount for qualifying expenses. Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the Loan may be forgiven if they
are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. 

. 

in principal and was forgiven of principal and of accrued interest. 

AUD or United States Dollars (the October
2020 Note ). Pursuant to the October 2020 Loan Agreement, the October 2020 Note has an effective interest rate of . The
maturity date of the October 2020 Note is September 30, 2021 (the October 2020 Maturity Date at which time all outstanding
principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts due under the October 2020 Loan Agreement are due. The loan is secured by the
Australian research development credit. 

AUD in interest. 

in principal and in interest from our R D tax credit receivable. 

F- 26 

(the November 2020 Note ). Pursuant to the
November 2020 Loan Agreement, the November 2020 Note has an effective interest rate of . The maturity date of the November 2020
Note is May 25, 2021 (the November 2020 Maturity Date ), at which time all outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest
and other amounts due under the November 2020 Note are due. 

in principal. 

in principal and of accrued interest. 

AUD or United States Dollars (the
 February 2021 Note ). Pursuant to the February 2021 Loan Agreement, the February 2021 Note has an effective interest rate
of . The maturity date of the February 2021 Note is July 31, 2021 (the February 2021 Maturity Date at which
time all outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts due under the February 2021 Loan Agreement are due. The
loan is secured by the Australian research development credit. 

AUD in interest. 

(the April 2021 Note ). Pursuant to the April 2021 Loan
Agreement, the April 2021 Note has an effective interest rate of . The maturity date of the April 2021 Note is October 8,
2022 (the April 2021 Maturity Date ), at which time all outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts
due under the April 2021 Note are due. 

in principal and converted into the July 2021 Loan Agreement. As part of the conversion the
Company recorded as extinguishment expense. 

(the July 2021 Note ). Pursuant to the July 2021 Loan Agreement,
the July 2021 Note has an effective interest rate of . The maturity date of the July 2021 Note is December 31, 2022 (the
 July 2021 Maturity Date ), at which time all outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts due under
the July 2021 Note are due. 

in principal and converted into the Second December 2021 Loan. As part of the conversion the
Company recorded as extinguishment expense. 

F- 27 

(the First December 2021 Note ).
Pursuant to the First December 2021 Loan Agreement, the First December 2021 Note has an effective interest rate of . The
maturity date of the First December 2021 Note is June 3, 2023 (the First December 2021 Maturity Date ), at which time all
outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts due under the First December 2021 Note are due. 

in principal. 

in principal. 

AUD or United States
Dollars (the Second December 2021 Note ). Pursuant to the Second December 2021 Loan Agreement, the Second December 2021
Note has an effective interest rate of . The maturity date of the Second December 2021 Note is June 30, 2022 (the
 Second December 2021 Maturity Date at which time all outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts
due under the Second December 2021 Loan Agreement are due. The Company has the option to extend the Maturity date by days. The loan
is secured by the Australian research development credit. 

of principal and of interest. 

AUD or United States
Dollars (the First February 2022 Note ). Pursuant to the First February 2022 Loan Agreement, the First February 2022 Note
has an effective interest rate of . The Company has the option to extend the Maturity date by days. The loan is secured
by the Australian research development credit. 

of principal and of interest. 

F- 28 

.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid . As of December 31, 2022, the Company has one note outstanding. This
note has a principal balance of , bears interest at , and requires 36 monthly payments of . 

towards this note. 

(the First May 2022 Note ). The Company received cash
proceeds of . Pursuant to the First May 2022 Loan Agreement, the First May 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of . The
maturity date of the First May 2022 Note is December 18, 2022 (the First May 2022 Maturity Date ). The Company is required
to make weekly payment of . The First May 2022 Note is secured by officers of the Company. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and
issuance cost. 

in principal. 

in the Second September
2022 Loan Agreement. Since the PV cashflows of the new and old debt were more than differences the company used extinguishment accounting.
As part of the agreement the Company recognized as loss on extinguishment of debt due to the remaining debt discount on the First
May 2022 Loan Agreement. 

(the Second May 2022 Note ). The Company received
cash proceeds of . Pursuant to the Second May 2022 Loan Agreement, the Second May 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of 
 . The maturity date of the Second May 2022 Note is November 20, 2022 (the Second May 2022 Maturity Date ). The
Company is required to make weekly payment of . The Second May 2022 Note is secured by officers of the Company. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and
issuance cost. 

in principal. 

in the Third September
2022 Loan Agreement. Since the PV cashflows of the new and old debt were more than differences the company used extinguishment accounting.
As part of the agreement the Company recognized as loss on extinguishment of debt due to the remaining debt discount on the Second
May 2022 Loan Agreement. 

F- 29 

(the Third May 2022 Note ). Pursuant to the Third May 2022
Loan Agreement, the Third May 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of . The maturity date of the Third May 2022 Note
is November 23, 2022 (the Third May 2022 Maturity Date ). The Company is required to make monthly payments of . 

in principal. 

towards this note. 

(the Fourth May 2022 Note ). Pursuant to the Fourth
May 2022 Loan Agreement, the Fourth May 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of . The maturity date of the Fourth May
2022 Note is November 23, 2022 (the Fourth May 2022 Maturity Date ). 

in principal. 

towards this note. 

(the First June 2022 Note ). The Company received
cash proceeds of . Pursuant to the First June 2022 Loan Agreement, the First June 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of . The
maturity date of the First June 2022 Note is November 4, 2022 (the First June 2022 Maturity Date ). The Company is required
to make weekly payment of . The First June 2022 Note is secured by officers of the Company. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and
issuance cost. 

in principal. 

in the Third September
2022 Loan Agreement. Since the PV cashflows of the new and old debt were more than differences the company used extinguishment accounting.
As part of the agreement the Company recognized as loss on extinguishment of debt due to the remaining debt discount on the Second
May 2022 Loan Agreement. 

(the Second June 2022 Note ). The Note holder repaid
a vendor liability of . The maturity date of the Second June 2022 Note is October 15, 2022 (the Second June 2022 Maturity
Date ). 

AUD or United States Dollars
(the First August 2022 Note ). Pursuant to the First August 2022 Loan Agreement, the First August 2022 Note has an effective
interest rate of . The maturity date of the First August 2022 Note is June 30, 2023 (the First August 2022 Maturity
Date at which time all outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts due under the First August 2022 Loan
Agreement are due. The Company has the option to extend the Maturity date by days. The loan is secured by the Australian research
 development credit. 

AUD in interest. 

F- 30 

(the Second August 2022 Note ). The Company
received cash proceeds of and rolled the remaining of principal from the June 2022 Loan Agreement. Pursuant to the Second
August 2022 Loan Agreement, the Second August 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of . The maturity date of the Second
August 2022 Note is January 9, 2022 (the Second August 2022 Maturity Date ). The Company is required to make weekly payment
of . The Second August 2022 Note is secured by officers of the Company. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and
issuance cost. 

in principal. 

towards this note. 

(the First September 2022 Note ).
Pursuant to the First September 2022 Loan Agreement, the First September 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of . The
maturity date of the First September 2022 Note is September 1, 2023 (the First September 2022 Maturity Date ). 

in principal. 

towards this note. 

(the Second September 2022 Note ).
The Company received cash proceeds of and rolled the remaining of principal from the First May 2022 Loan Agreement.
Pursuant to the Second September 2022 Loan Agreement, the Second September 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of . The
maturity date of the Second September 2022 Note is May 5, 2023 (the Second September 2022 Maturity Date ). The Company is
required to make weekly payment of . The Second September 2022 Note is secured by officers of the Company. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and
issuance cost. 

in principal. 

towards these notes. 

(the Third September 2022 Note ).
The Company received cash proceeds of and rolled the remaining of principal from the Second May 2022 Loan Agreement.
Pursuant to the Third September 2022 Loan Agreement, the Third September 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of . The
maturity date of the Third September 2022 Note is May 5, 2023 (the Second September 2022 Maturity Date ). The Company is
required to make weekly payment of . The Third September 2022 Note is secured by officers of the Company. 

F- 31 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and
issuance cost. 

in principal. 

towards this note. 

(the November 2022 Note ). Pursuant to the
November 2022 Loan Agreement, the November 2022 Note has an effective interest rate of . The maturity date of the November
2022 Note is June 3, 2023 (the November 2022 Maturity Date ), at which time all outstanding principal, accrued and
unpaid interest and other amounts due under the November 2022 Note are due. 

in principal. 

towards this note. 

-
 ) 

- 
 - 
 
 The May 2022 Convertible Loan Agreement 
 
 - 
 
 -
 ) 
 
 May-23 
 - 
 - 
 
 The May 2022 Convertible Note Offering 
 
 - 
 
 ) 

The July 2022 Convertible Note Offering 
 
 - 
 
 ) 

The First October 2022 Convertible Loan Agreement 
 
 - 
 
 -
 ) 

The Second October 2022 Convertible Loan Agreement 
 
 - 
 
 -
 ) 
 
 October-23 

The Third October 2022 Convertible Loan Agreement 
 
 - 
 
 ) 

The December 2022 Convertible Loan Agreement 
 
 - 
 - 
 ) 

Less: Debt Discount 

Less: Debt Issuance Costs 

(the First July 2020 Note ). Pursuant to the
First July 2020 Loan Agreement, the First July 2020 Note has interest of ten percent ). The First July 2020 Note matures on June 29,
2021. 

F- 32 

per share Conversion Shares equal to multiplied by the lowest trade of the common stock during the twenty (15) consecutive trading day period immediately preceding
the date of the respective conversion. 

. The Company recorded as
a debt discount and was recorded to derivative expense. The debt discount is charged to accretion of debt discount over
the remaining term of the convertible note. 

in principal and in interest into shares of the Company s common stock. 

(the September 2020 Note ). Pursuant to
the September 2020 Loan Agreement, the September 2020 Note has interest of twelve percent ). The September 2020 Note matures on September
23, 2021. 

per share equal to the closing bid price
of the Company s common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the date of the respective conversion. 

debt discount
relating to original issue discount associated with this note. The Company recorded a debt discount relating to warrants
issued to investors based on the relative fair value of each equity instrument on the dates of issuance. The debt discount is being accreted
over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

in principal and in interest. 

(the October 2020 Note ). Pursuant to the
October 2020 Loan Agreement, the October 2020 Note has interest of six percent ). The October 2020 Note matures on the first (12th)
month anniversary of its issuance date. 

per share Conversion Shares equal to of average the lowest three trading prices of the Company s common stock on the fifteen-trading day immediately
preceding the date of the respective conversion. 

debt discount
relating to original issue discount associated with this note. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of the note to accretion
of debt discount and issuance cost. 

. The Company recorded this as a debt
discount. The debt discount is charged to accretion of debt discount over the remaining term of the convertible note. 

in principal and in interest into shares of the Company s common stock. 

F- 33 

(the First December 2020 Note ).
Pursuant to the First December 2020 Loan Agreement, the First December 2020 Note has interest of twelve percent ). As additional
consideration for entering in the First December 2020 convertible Loan Agreement, the Company issued shares of the Company s
common stock. The First December 2020 Note matures on the first (12th) month anniversary of its issuance date. 

per share Conversion Shares equal to the
closing bid price of the Company s common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the date of the respective conversion. 

debt discount
relating to original issue discount associated with this note. The Company recorded a debt discount relating to shares
issued to investors based on the relative fair value of each equity instrument on the dates of issuance. The debt discount is being accreted
over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

in principal and in interest. 

F- 34 

. The May 2021 convertible notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value per share at a conversion price of per share. As additional consideration for entering in the
May 2021 Convertible Note Offering, the Company issued warrants of the Company s common stock. The May
2021 Convertible Note matures on November 14, 2022. 

debt discount
relating to warrants issued to investors based on the relative fair value of each equity instrument on the dates
of issuance. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of these notes to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount and of debt issuance costs related to fees paid to vendors relating to the offering.
The debt discount and debt issuance costs are being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

in
principal into shares of the Company s common stock. 

(the July 2021 Note ). Pursuant to the July 2021 Loan Agreement,
the July 2021 Note has interest of six percent ). The July 2021 Note matures on the first (12 th month anniversary of its
issuance date. 

per share Conversion Shares equal to of average the lowest three trading prices of the Company s common stock on the fifteen-trading day immediately
preceding the date of the respective conversion. 

of debt issuance costs related to fees paid to vendors relating to the offering.
The debt discount and debt issuance costs are being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

. The Company recorded this as a debt discount. The debt discount is
charged to accretion of debt discount over the remaining term of the convertible note. 

F- 35 

of principal and of interest into shares of the Company s common
stock. The unamortized debt discount of was recorded to extinguishment of debt due to conversion. 

(the Second February 2022 Note ).
Pursuant to the Second February 2022 Loan Agreement, the Second February 2022 Note has an interest rate of . The maturity
date of the Second February 2022 Note is February 22, 2023 (the Second February 2022 Maturity Date ). The Company is required
to make 10 monthly payments of . 

per share Conversion Shares equal
to of average the lowest three trading prices of the Company s common stock on the ten-trading day immediately preceding
the date of the respective conversion. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and
issuance cost. 

in principal and converted in principal into shares of the Company s common stock. 

(the May 2022 Note ). Pursuant to the May 2022 Loan Agreement, the
May 2022 Note has an interest rate of . The May 2022 Note matures on the first (12 th month anniversary of its issuance
date. 

per share Conversion Shares equal to 
of average the lowest three trading prices of the Company s common stock on the ten-trading day immediately preceding the date
of the respective conversion. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount The debt discount and debt issuance costs are being accreted over the life of the note to accretion
of debt discount and issuance cost. 

in principal and converted in principal into shares of the Company s common stock. 

in principal into shares of the Company s common stock and repaid the remaining note balance. 

. The May 2022 convertible notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value per share at a conversion price of per share. As additional consideration for entering in the
May 2022 Convertible Note Offering, the Company issued warrants of the Company s common stock. The May 2022
Convertible Note matures on November 30, 2022. 

F- 36 

debt discount
relating to warrants issued to investors based on the relative fair value of each equity instrument on the dates
of issuance. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of these notes to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount and of debt issuance costs related to fees paid to vendors relating to the offering.
The debt discount and debt issuance costs are being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

of the principal outstanding and the notes accrue interest at a rate
of . 

for the convertible notes and warrants. Since the PV cashflows of the new and old debt were more than differences the
company used extinguishment accounting. As part of the agreement the Company recognized as loss on extinguishment of debt due
to the remaining debt discount and recognized as a gain on extinguishment of debt due to the forgiveness of interest. The company
also recognized an additional of debt discount from the change in relative fair value on the warrants. 

in principal. 

in interest that was not forgiven. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in default on of principal
and of interest. 

towards these notes. 

. The July 2022 convertible notes are convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock, par value per share at a conversion price of per share. As additional consideration for entering
in the July 2022 Convertible Note Offering, the Company issued warrants of the Company s common stock. The
July 2022 Convertible Note matures on November 30, 2022. 

debt discount
relating to warrants issued to investors based on the relative fair value of each equity instrument on the dates
of issuance. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of these notes to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount. The debt discount are being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount
and issuance cost. 

of the principal outstanding and the notes accrue interest at a rate
of . 

for
the convertible notes and warrants. Since the present value of the cash flows of the new and old debt were more than different, the
company used extinguishment accounting. As part of the agreement the Company recognized as loss on extinguishment of debt due
to the remaining debt discount and recognized as a gain on extinguishment of debt due to the forgiveness of interest. 

in principal. 

towards these notes. 

F- 37 

(the First October 2022 Note ). Pursuant
to the First October 2022 Loan Agreement, the First October 2022 Note has an interest rate of . The maturity date of the
First October 2022 Note is September 29, 2023 (the First October 2022 Maturity Date ). 

per share Conversion Shares equal
to of average the lowest three trading prices of the Company s common stock on the ten-trading day immediately preceding
the date of the respective conversion. 

debt discount relating
to an original issue discount. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and issuance
cost. 

(the Second October 2022 Note ).
Pursuant to the Second October 2022 Loan Agreement, the Second October 2022 Note has an interest rate of . The maturity
date of the Second October 2022 Note is October 20, 2023 (the Second October 2022 Maturity Date ). 

per share Conversion Shares equal to the
lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on the twenty-trading day immediately preceding the date of the respective conversion. 

debt discount
relating to an original issue discount, relating to the fair value of shares of common stock issue to the lender, and
 of debt issuance costs related to fees paid to vendors relating to the debt agreement. The debt discount and debt issuance cost
are being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

towards the balance of the Second October 2022 Note. 

(the Third October 2022 Note ). Pursuant
to the Third October 2022 Loan Agreement. The maturity date of the Third October 2022 Note is April 24, 2023 (the Third October
2022 Maturity Date ). 

per share Conversion Shares equal to . 

debt discount
relating to a original issue discount and from a beneficial conversion feature. The debt discount and debt issuance
cost are being accreted over the life of the note to accretion of debt discount and issuance cost. 

into shares of the Company s common stock. 

into shares of the Company s common stock. 

F- 38 

(the December 2022 Note ). Pursuant to the December
2022 Loan Agreement. The maturity date of the Third October 2022 Note is April 24, 2023 (the Third October 2022 Maturity
Date ). 

per share Conversion Shares equal to . 

debt discount
relating to warrants issued to investors based on the relative fair value of each equity instrument on the dates of issuance
and relating to the beneficial conversion feature. The debt discount is being accreted over the life of these notes to accretion
of debt discount and issuance cost. 

into shares of the Company s common stock. 

(the September 2020 Goldberg Note ). Pursuant to the September 2020 Goldberg Loan Agreement, the September
2020 Goldberg Note has an interest rate of . The maturity date of the September 2020 Goldberg Note is September 15, 2022
(the September 2020 Goldberg Maturity Date ), at which time all outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other
amounts due under note are due. The September 2020 Goldberg Loan is secured by the tangible and intangible property of the Company. 

determined by using the lowest VWAP of the last 30 days
prior to September 14, 2021. The principal amount of the September 2020 Goldberg Note shall increase by of the difference between
the initial consideration and the September 14, 2021, value. The Company has applied ASC 815, due to the potential for settlement
in a variable quantity of shares. The make-whole feature gave rise to a derivative liability that has been marked to market during the
year ended December 31, 2021, and the change in derivative liability is recorded on Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 

. 

. 

in cash and in shares of Common
Stock. 

(the
 September 2020 Rosen Note ). Pursuant to the September 2020 Rosen Loan Agreement, the September 2020 Rosen Note has an interest
rate of . The maturity date of the September 2020 Rosen Note is September 15, 2022 (the September 2020 Rosen Maturity Date ),
at which time all outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts due under the note are due. The September 2020
Rosen Loan is secured by the tangible and intangible property of the Company. 

F- 39 

determined by using the lowest VWAP of the last 30 days prior to
September 14, 2021. The principal amount of the September 2020 Rosen Note shall increase by of the difference the initial consideration
and the September 14, 2021 value. The Company has applied ASC 815, due to the potential for settlement in a variable quantity of
shares. The make-whole feature of gave rise to a derivative that has been marked to market during the year ended December 31, 2021, and
the change in derivative liability is recorded on Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 

. 

. 

in principal and in interest. 

from Dune for branded content services prior to consolidation but after recognition as an equity method
investee. 

for 
shares of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock. 

and , respectively for living expenses for officers of the Company. 

expected
dividend yield as the Company has not paid dividends to date and does not anticipate declaring dividends in the near future. 

F- 40 

Addition 
 -
 
 -
 
 417,24

Extinguishment 
 -
 
 -

Conversion to Note payable - related party 
 -
 
 -

Changes in fair value 
 -
 
 -

Derivative liabilities as December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Addition 
 -
 
 -

Changes in fair value 
 -
 
 -

Extinguishment 
 -
 
 -

Derivative liabilities as December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

shares of capital stock, of which one billion five hundred million ) shares
are designated as common stock, par value per share, and twenty million ) are designated as preferred stock, par
value per share. 

shares
of Series E Convertible Preferred stock and has shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

per share and are convertible into Common Stock at the election of the holder of the Series E Preferred Stock,
at any time following the Original Issue Date at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. Each holder of Series E Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, with respect to each share of Series E Preferred Stock then outstanding and held by such holder,
dividends on an as-converted basis in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends
are paid on shares of the Common Stock. 

F- 41 

of the subscription receivable for the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company has recorded
 to stock issuance costs, which are part of Additional Paid-in Capital. 

shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s
common stock. 

shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s
common stock. 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for a year of services at a fair value of . On May 24, 2021, the
Company amended the contract and issued and additional shares of its restricted common stock. these shares had a fair
value of . The shares issued to the consultant were recorded as common stock issued for prepaid services and will be expensed
over the life of the consulting contract to share based payments. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded to
stock-based compensation expense related to these shares. 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares of common stock in exchange for services at a fair
value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to settle outstanding vendor liabilities of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to settle outstanding vendor liabilities of . In connection with this transaction the Company also
recorded a loss on settlement of vendor liabilities of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares of common stock in exchange for services at a fair
value of . 

F- 42 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to settle outstanding vendor liabilities of . In connection with this transaction the Company
also recorded a loss on settlement of vendor liabilities of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares of its restricted common stock to settle outstanding vendor liabilities of . In connection with this
transaction the Company also recorded a loss on settlement of vendor liabilities of . 

F- 43 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for four months of services at a fair value of . These shares were
recorded as common stock issued for prepaid services and will be expensed over the life of the consulting contract to share based payments.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2022 the Company recorded to share based payments. 

in
gross proceeds to the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell in a registered direct offering
an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock together with warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares
of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are immediately exercisable and will expire on March 9, 2027.
The Company has recorded to stock issuance costs, which are part of Additional Paid-in Capital. 

shares of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair
value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to officers of the company in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

shares
of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for four months of services at a fair value of . These shares were
recorded as common stock issued for prepaid services and will be expensed over the life of the consulting contract to share based payments.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2022 the Company recorded to share based payments. 

shares of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of
 . 

in gross proceeds to the Company.
Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell in a registered direct offering an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock together with warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share. The warrants are immediately exercisable and will expire on September 15, 2027. The Company has recorded
 to stock issuance costs, which are part of Additional Paid-in Capital. 

shares of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for prepaid services at a fair value
of . 

shares of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of
 . 

F- 44 

shares of its restricted common stock to consultants in exchange for services at a fair value of
 . 

shares of common stock for . 

Expected dividends 

Expected volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected life of option 
 years 

- 
 
 Expected dividends 

Expected volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected life of option 
 - years 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited/Cancelled 

-

Balance December 31, 2021 outstanding 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited/Cancelled 

-

Balance December 31, 2022 outstanding 

Balance December 31, 2022 exercisable 

F- 45 

, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Expected dividends 

Expected volatility 

- 

Risk free interest rate 

- 

Expected life of warrant 

- years 

Expected dividends 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected life of warrant 
 years 

F- 46 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Balance December 31, 2021 outstanding 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Balance December 31, 2022 outstanding 

Balance December 31, 2022 exercisable 

shares of common stock to a certain warrant holder upon the exercise of warrants.
The Company received in connection with the exercise of the warrant. 

warrants were issued in connection with the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock raise. 

warrants were issued with convertible notes. The warrants have a grant date fair value of using
a Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the above assumptions. 

warrants to
be issued. A deemed dividend of was recorded to the Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 

warrants in connection with the underwriting agreement. 

has
been recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and totaled , for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 47 

warrants to exercise existing warrants. A deemed dividend of was recorded to the Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

warrants were issued with convertible notes (See Note 7 above). The warrants have a grant date fair value of 
using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the above assumptions and a relative fair value of . 

and punitive damages of . Skube filed an Order to Show Cause, which the Company opposed,
which is currently pending. The contingency is probable that a material loss of has been incurred and is accrued in the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

. The Company filed a Motion to Dismiss, which is currently pending. Given
the premature nature of this case, it is still too early for the Company to make an assessment as to liability. 

Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax Corporate AMT for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. We do not expect the Corporate AMT to have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements. Additionally, the IRA imposes a excise tax on net repurchases of stock by certain publicly traded corporations. The excise
tax is imposed on the value of the net stock repurchased or treated as repurchased. The new law will apply to stock repurchases occurring
after December 31, 2022. 

F- 48 

. 

. Commencement date
of the lease is July 1, 2022. The total amount due under this lease is . During the year ended December 31, 2022, it was decided
the company would not be using the office space and recorded an impairment of on the right-of-use asset. As of December 31, 2022,
the company was in breach of this lease agreement and subsequently reached a settlement agreement to terminate the lease. 

, Miami Beach, FL, 33131. Commencement
date of the lease is July 28, 2022. The total amount due under this lease is . During the year ended December 31, 2022, it was
decided the company would not be using the office space and recorded an impairment of on the right-of-use asset. As of December
31, 2022, the company is in breach of this lease agreement. 

Monthly rent under the lease was 12,955 for
the leasing period. As of December 31, 2022, the company is in breach of this lease agreement. 

Short term lease cost 

Total net lease cost 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): 

Weighted average discount rate: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Amounts representing interest 

Total lease obligations 

Less: Current 

and , respectively. 

F- 49 

F- 50 

Suspension of trading in the Company s shares on the Exchange became effective at the opening of business
on September 7, 2022, at which time the Company s common stock, under the symbol CRTD, and publicly-traded warrants,
under the symbol CRTDW, was quoted on the OTCPink marketplace operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. 

, (b) an annual salary of ; (c) options, to vest
immediately with a strike price of , and (d) shares of the Company s restricted common stock; (ii) Laurie Weisberg,
Chief Executive Officer, who will receive (a) an annual salary of ; (b) options, to vest immediately with a strike price
of , and (c) shares of the Company s restricted common stock; (iii) Justin Maury, Chief Operating Officer President,
who will receive (a) an annual salary of (b) options, to vest immediately with a strike price of , and (c) 
shares of the Company s restricted common stock; and (iv) Chelsea Pullano, Chief Financial Officer, who will receive (a) an annual
salary of ; (b) options, to vest immediately with a strike price of , and (c) shares of the Company s
restricted common stock (collectively, the Executive Employment Arrangements ). 

F- 51 

, payable as follows: (i) 1/24 will be paid on each of September 15, 2022, October 1, 2022 and November 1, 2022, respectively;
(ii) 1/8 will be paid on each of December 1, 2022, January 1, 2023 and February 1, 2023, respectively; (iii) 1/4 will be paid on April
1, 2023; and (iv) the balance will be paid on May 1, 2023. The Company has executed and delivered a Confession of Judgment concerning
the severance amount, which is being held in escrow pending satisfaction of payment. 

common units (the
 Membership Interests of Plant Camp LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Plant Camp from the Sellers,
resulting in the Purchaser owning of the issued and outstanding equity of Plant Camp. The Membership Interests were purchased
for . 

common units of Plant Camp from the Sellers, resulting
in the Purchaser owning a total of of the issued and outstanding equity of Plant Camp. The additional Membership Interests were
purchased for . The acquisition was accounted for as a step acquisition however there was no change in value of the Company s
existing equity interest. The Company utilized the fair value of the consideration to determine the fair value of the existing equity
interest based on the total merger consideration offered. 

Fair value of equity investment purchased on June 1, 2021 

Total purchase price 

Assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts Receivable 

Inventory 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred Revenue 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Excess purchase price 

F- 52 

Trade Names Trademarks 

Know-How and Intellectual Property 

Website 

Customer Relationships 

Excess purchase price 

ownership and of voting power of the issued
and outstanding shares of WHE Agency, Inc., WHE ). The aggregate closing consideration was , which consists of
a combination of in cash and in the form of shares of the Company s restricted common
stock at a price of per share. Based on the purchase price of for ownership, the fair value of the
non-controlling interest was estimated to be based on the consideration from the Company. 

Shares granted to seller 

Total purchase price 

Assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts Receivable 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Excess purchase price 

Trade Names Trademarks 

Non-Compete Agreements 

Influencers / Customers 

Excess purchase price 

F- 53 

into Dune See note 6 7. Using step acquisition accounting, the Company decreased
the value of its existing equity interest to its fair value based on its purchase price on October 3, 2021, resulting in the recognition
of an impairment in investment of , which was included in within our consolidated statements of operations. The Company utilized
the fair value of the consideration to determine the fair value of the existing equity interest based on the total merger consideration
offered and the Company s stock price at acquisition. 

shares of the common stock
of Dune (the Purchased Shares ). The Company issued restricted shares of the Company s common stock
to the Dune Sellers. 

worth of the Company s common stock issuable to the Dune Sellers on a pro rata basis,
priced in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Dune Agreement (the Indemnification Escrow Amount ),
shall be held in escrow and reserved in each Dune Seller s name by the Company s transfer agent until such time as release
is authorized under the Agreement. 

Fair value of equity investment purchased before October 4, 2021 

Total purchase price 

Assets acquired: 

Cash 

Inventory 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Excess purchase price 

F- 54 

Trade Names Trademarks 

Know-How and Intellectual Property 

Website 

Excess purchase price 

), as well as the Company s
payoff, assumption, or satisfaction of certain debts and liabilities. 

Total purchase price 

Assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts Receivable 

Inventory 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes payable 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net liabilities acquired 

Excess purchase price 

Trade Names Trademarks 

Know-How and Intellectual Property 

Customer Relationships 

Excess purchase price 

F- 55 

of the issued and outstanding membership interests
of Orbit Media LLC for consideration of forty-four thousand dollars in cash and shares of the Company s Common
Stock. This transaction was considered to be an acquisition of in-process research and development with no alternative future use. Orbit
Media, LLC is part of the Company s consolidated subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. 

of the membership interests of Brave Foods, LLC, a Maine limited liability company for . Brave is a plant-based food company that
provides convenient and healthy breakfast food products. 

Total purchase price 

Assets acquired: 

Cash 

Inventory 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes payable 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Excess purchase price 

Trade Names Trademarks 

Know-How and Intellectual Property 

Website 

Customer Relationships 

Excess purchase price 

F- 56 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Net loss per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Net loss per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

-

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

-

Deposits and other assets 

-

Intangible assets 
 - 
 
 - 

Goodwill 
 -

- 
 -

Inventory 

-
 
 -

All other assets 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total Assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Note payable, net of debt discount and issuance costs 

-

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 
 
 -

All other Liabilities 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

F- 57 

-

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 -
 
 -

Deposits and other assets 
 
 -
 
 -

Intangible assets 
 -

Goodwill 
 -

-

Inventory 
 -

-
 
 -

All other assets 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total Assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Note payable, net of debt discount and issuance costs 
 
 -
 
 -

Deferred revenue 

-

All other Liabilities 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

-

Cost of revenue 

-

Gross margin (loss) 

-

Compensation 

Research and development 
 
 -

-

Marketing 

-

Stock based compensation 

General and administrative not including depreciation, amortization, or Impairment 

Depreciation and amortization 
 - 

Impairment of intangibles 

-

Total operating expenses 

Interest expense 

-

All other expenses 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other expenses, net 

-

Loss before income tax provision 

F- 58 

- 

Cost of revenue 

- 

Gross margin 

- 

Research and development 

- 

Marketing 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

General and administrative not including depreciation, amortization, or Impairment 

Depreciation and amortization 
 - 

Impairment of intangibles 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 - 

All other expenses 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other expenses, net 

Loss before income tax provision and equity in net loss from unconsolidated investments 

(70,194 
 
 Amortization 
 
 95,115 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 
 4,369,372 
 
 Expected income tax benefit from NOL carry-forwards 
 
 15,073,606 
 
 Less valuation allowance 
 
 (19,467,900 
 
 Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 -
 
 - 

State tax rate, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance on net operating loss carry-forwards 

Effective income tax rate 

F- 59 

million of federal net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income
which will begin to expire in 2035 for both federal and state purposes. 

to effective
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. ASC 470 requires the Company to remeasure the existing net deferred tax asset in the
period of enactment. The Act also provides for immediate expensing of or the costs of qualified property that is incurred and
placed in service during the period from September 27, 2017, to December 31, 2022. Additionally, effective January
1, 2018, the Act imposes possible limitations on the deductibility of interest expense. As a result of the provisions of the Act, the
Company s deduction for interest expense could be limited in future years. The effects of other provisions of the Act are not expected
to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

year from the enactment date. In accordance
with SAB 118, a company must reflect in its financial statements the income tax effects of those aspects of the Act for which the accounting
under ASC 740 is complete. SAB 118 provides that to the extent that a company s accounting for certain income tax effects of the
Tax Act is incomplete, but it is able to determine a reasonable estimate, it must record a provisional estimate in the financial statements. 

F- 60 

. 

in
principal of three convertible notes converted into shares of common stock. 

in convertible
notes, resulting in the cancellation of warrants, per the Restructuring Agreements entered into on September 15, 2022. 

shares of common stock for gross proceeds of . 

. 

shares of common stock
of OG for a purchase price of , and, in connection therewith OG, the Company and the Investor entered into a Shareholder Agreement. 

of the membership interests of Orbit Media, LLC., bringing our total membership interests to . Orbit Media LLC., has
been consolidated due to the Company s ownership of voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the
date of acquisition in the Statements of Operations. 

warrants
(the Warrants to issue to the holders, for each Warrant held by such Selling Stockholder, new warrant to purchase one
share of the Company s common stock in exchange for the immediate exercise of the Warrants. The new warrants are exercisable immediately,
for a term of months, at a price of , subject to customary adjustment provisions. 

warrants
(the Warrants to issue to the holders, for each Warrant held by such Selling Stockholder, one new warrant to purchase 
share of the Company s common stock in exchange for the immediate exercise of the Warrants. The new warrants are exercisable immediately,
for a term of months, at a price of , subject to customary adjustment provisions. 

equity interest in Dune, Inc. bringing our total ownership to .
Dune, Inc., has been consolidated due to the Company s ownership of over voting control, and the results of operations have
been included since the date of acquisition in the Statements of Operations. 

F- 61 

of the equity interest in WHE Agency, Inc. bringing our total ownership to . WHE Agency, Inc., has been consolidated
due to the Company s ownership of over voting control, and the results of operations have been included since the date of acquisition
in the Statements of Operations. 

shares
of Common Stock to consultants. 

shares to non-officer
employees and to officers of the Company. The fair value of these issuances is and the Company will be paying approximately
 in payroll taxes on behalf of employees receiving these awards. 

. 

F- 62 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure and Control Procedures 

Based on an evaluation as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our principal executive and financial officers have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in report that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b) Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

This Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and financial officer, or persons performing
similar functions, and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the issuer; 

(2) 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and 

(3) 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange is appropriately recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the specified time periods. 

Management has conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework-2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

As of period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. The Company s assessment identified
certain material weaknesses which are set forth below: 

Functional Controls and Segregation of Duties 

Because of the Company s limited resources,
there are limited controls over information processing. 

There is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent
with control objectives. Our Company s management is composed of a small number of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations
on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation, we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation
of duties. 

Accordingly, as the result of identifying the
above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. 

36 

Management believes that the material weaknesses
set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our small size and believes these weaknesses did not
have a material effect on our financial results. Management continues to take actions to remedy these weaknesses, including the process
of hiring additional staff to create the necessary segregation of duties to improve controls over information processing. Additionally,
management has initiated the process of building a risk management framework with plans to embed the principles of this framework across
all aspects of the business. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to
provide only management s report herein. 

(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during our most recently completed fiscal
quarter that have materially affected our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

37 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table and biographical summaries
set forth information, including principal occupation and business experience, about our directors and executive officers as of the date
of this Form 10-K: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Jeremy Frommer 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Peter Majar 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Erica Wagner 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Justin Maury 
 
 34 
 
 Director 
 
 Chelsea Pullano 
 
 32 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Robert Tal 
 
 33 
 
 Chief Information Officer 

Jeremy Frommer - Chief Executive Officer 

Mr. Frommer was appointed Executive Chairman in
February 2022 and has been a member of our board of directors since February 2016. Previously, he served as our Chief Executive Officer
from February 2016 to August 2021, and Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2021 to February 2022. Mr. Frommer has over 20 years of
experience in the financial technology industry. Previously, Mr. Frommer held key leadership roles in the investment banking and trading
divisions of large financial institutions. From 2009 to 2012, Mr. Frommer was briefly retired until beginning concept formation for Jerrick
Ventures which he officially founded in 2013. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Frommer was Managing Director of Global Prime Services at RBC Capital
Markets, the investment banking arm of the Royal Bank of Canada, the largest financial institution in Canada, after the sale of Carlin
Financial Group, a professional trading firm. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Frommer was the Chief Executive Officer of Carlin Financial Group
after the sale of NextGen Trading, a software development company focused on building equity trading platforms. From 2002 to 2004, Mr.
Frommer was Founder and Chief Executive Officer of NextGen Trading. From 2000 to 2002, he was Managing Director of Merger Arbitrage Trading
at Bank of America, a financial services firm. Mr. Frommer was also a director of LionEye Capital, a hedge fund from June 2012 to June
2014. He holds a B.A. from the University of Albany. We believe Mr. Frommer is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his
financial and leadership experience. 

Peter
Majar Director 

Peter Majar
was appointed to the Board on November 2, 2022. Mr. Majar, is the Founder and Managing Member of Majar Advisors, combines over 25 years
of experience in investment banking, financial services and technology, and management consulting, having held numerous senior management
and executive positions including Chief Financial Officer, Head of Financial Technology, Head of Strategy, as well as several Managing
Director positions. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Majar served as Managing Director in Investment Banking and co-Head of Diversified Financial
Services at Piper Jaffray Co. (now Piper Sandler Companies). From 2017 to 2018, Mr. Majar provided management consulting services
through his self-established firm, Majar Advisors LLC, which remains in operation through the present. From 2018 to 2021, Mr. Majar served
as Managing Director, Head of Financial Technology at New York-based investment banking and financial advisory firm, TAP Advisors, LLC.
Between 2021 and 2022, Mr. Majar served as Chief Financial Officer at information technology company Hoyos Integrity Corp., having previously
served as a longtime advisor to the firm. Mr. Majar holds an undergraduate degree from University of Washington and an MBA from Columbia
University. As a board director, Mr. Majar will add considerable value, including through his comprehensive and diverse investment management
experience, deep knowledge of financial technology services and transactions, and broad experience with corporate development, strategy
consulting, and executive leadership. 

Erica Wagner Director 

Erica Wagner joins the Board with over 25 years
of experience as a journalist, broadcaster, editor and author. From 2016 through 2021, Ms. Wagner was a Lecturer, and later Senior Lecturer,
at Goldsmith s College, University of London, where she taught creative writing. Ms. Wagner was previously Lead Editorial Innovator
for Creatd, Inc., has previously and currently held roles as a freelance editor, journalist, and contributing writer for numerous outlets
both in the U.K. and the U.S., including The New Statesman, Harper s Bazaar, the Economist, the Observer, the New York Times. Ms.
Wagner is also a freelance literary and creative consultant for Chanel, as well as the host of their branded podcast. She has twice been
a judge of the Booker Prize and has been judge and Chair of the Goldsmiths Prize. In 2015, Ms. Wagner was awarded an Honorary PhD by the
University of East Anglia, and currently Goldsmith s College Distinguished Writers Centre Fellow. She has an undergraduate
degree from University of Cambridge, a Master s degree from University of East Anglia, and an Honorary PhD from the University of
East Anglia. As a member of Creatd s board of directors, Ms. Wagner will add significant expertise with respect to informing the
Company s literary and creative direction, having worked closely with news organizations, commercial companies and publishers, to
advise their creative direction and its application towards commercial success. 

38 

Justin Maury - Chief Operating Officer
and President 

Mr. Maury served as our President since January
2019, and was appointed Chief Operating Officer in August 2021, on September 2, 2022, Mr. Maury was appointed to serve as Director of
the Company s Board. Mr Maury is a full stack design director with an expertise in product development. With over ten years of design
and product management experience in the creative industry, Mr. Maury s passion for the creative arts and technology ultimately
resulted in the vision for Vocal. Since joining Creatd in 2013, Maury has overseen the development and launch of the company s flagship
product, Vocal, an innovative platform that provides storytelling tools and engaged communities for creators and brands to get discovered
while funding their creativity. Under Maury s supervision, Vocal has achieved growth to over 380,000 creators across 34 genre-specific
communities in its first two years since launch. As a director, we believe Mr. Maury will add considerable value, including through by
providing a unique perspective into Creatd s product performance and evolution and by providing invaluable direct input to help
guide the Company s ongoing refinement of its technology roadmap and maturation of its business model. 

Chelsea Pullano - Chief Financial Officer 

Ms. Pullano has been our Chief Financial Officer
since June 2020. She has a long history of leadership at Creatd, serving as a member of the Company s Management Committee for four
years. Prior to her current role, Ms. Pullano was an integral member of our finance department since 2017, most recently serving as our
Head of Corporate Finance, a role in which she coordinated our periodic reports under the Exchange Act and other financial matters. Prior
to joining the Finance Department, Ms. Pullano was a member of our operations team from 2015 to 2017. She holds a B.A. from the State
University of New York College at Geneseo. 

Robert Tal - Chief Information
Officer 

Robert Tal is Chief Information Officer at
Creatd, Inc., a role to which he was appointed following nearly eight years of experience building and running data management and analytics
capabilities, leading the Company s growth marketing strategy and team encompassing acquisition and lifecycle, managing data science
projects focused on subscription growth and maintaining strong collaboration with the product team; under Mr. Tal s supervision,
the Company has significantly increased its return on advertising spend as well as lowered its customer acquisition costs. During his
lengthy tenure with Creatd, beginning in 2015, Mr. Tal has gained in-depth knowledge of the Company s business and operations,
and has worked closely with executive team, board of directors, and leaders of each of Creatd s business units to advance the Company s
business intelligence capabilities, develop and maintain information systems controls and strengthen Creatd s information technology
organization. Mr. Tal has an undergraduate degree in information technology and informatics from Rutgers University. 

Director Terms; Qualifications 

Members of our board of directors serve until
the next annual meeting of stockholders, or until their successors have been duly elected. 

When considering whether directors and nominees
have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills to enable the board of directors to satisfy its oversight responsibilities
effectively in light of the Company s business and structure, the board of directors focuses primarily on the industry and transactional
experience, and other background, in addition to any unique skills or attributes associated with a director. 

Director or Officer Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings 

There are no material proceedings to which any
director or officer, or any associate of any such director or officer, is a party that is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries
or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries. No director or executive officer has been a director or
executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past
ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding
during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been the subject of any order, judgment or decree of any court permanently
or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities
during the past ten years. No director or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities
law during the past ten years. 

39 

Directors and Officers Liability Insurance 

The Company has directors and officers 
liability insurance insuring its directors and officers against liability for acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers,
subject to certain exclusions. Such insurance also insures the Company against losses, which it may incur in indemnifying its officers
and directors. In addition, officers and directors also have indemnification rights under applicable laws, and the Company s Second
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has undertaken a review
of the independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a material relationship with it that could compromise his
or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. Based upon information requested from and
provided by each director concerning his background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, the board of directors
has determined that Peter Majar is independent as that term is defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). In making these determinations, our board of directors
considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with the Company and all other facts and circumstances
our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of the Company s capital
stock by each non-employee director, and any transactions involving them described in the section captioned Certain relationships
and related transactions and director independence. 

Board Committees 

The Company s Board has established three
standing committees: Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance. Each of the committees operates pursuant to its charter.
The committee charters will be reviewed annually by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. If appropriate, and in consultation
with the chairs of the other committees, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may propose revisions to the charters. The
responsibilities of each committee are described in more detail below. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee, among other things, is responsible
for: 

Appointing; approving the compensation
of; overseeing the work of; and assessing the independence, qualifications, and performance of the independent auditor; 

Reviewing the internal audit
function, including its independence, plans, and budget; 

Approving, in advance, audit
and any permissible non-audit services performed by our independent auditor; 

Reviewing our internal controls
with the independent auditor, the internal auditor, and management; 

Reviewing the adequacy of our
accounting and financial controls as reported by the independent auditor, the internal auditor, and management; 

Overseeing our financial compliance
system; and 

Overseeing our major risk exposures
regarding the Company s accounting and financial reporting policies, the activities of our internal audit function, and information
technology. 

40 

The board of directors has affirmatively determined
that each member of the Audit Committee meets the additional independence criteria applicable to audit committee members under SEC rules
and Nasdaq listing rules. The board of directors has adopted a written charter setting forth the authority and responsibilities of the
Audit Committee. The Board has affirmatively determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate, and that Mr.
Majar meets the qualifications of an Audit Committee financial expert. 

The Audit Committee consists of Mr. Majar, Chair. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee will be responsible
for: 

Reviewing and making recommendations
to the Board with respect to the compensation of our officers and directors, including the CEO; 

Overseeing and administering
the Company s executive compensation plans, including equity-based awards; 

Negotiating and overseeing
employment agreements with officers and directors; and 

Overseeing how the Company s
compensation policies and practices may affect the Company s risk management practices and/or risk-taking incentives. 

The board of directors has adopted a written charter
setting forth the authority and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee. 

The Compensation Committee consists of Mr. Majar,
who serves as chair, and Ms. Wagner. The board of directors has affirmatively determined that Peter Majar meets the independence criteria
applicable to compensation committee members under SEC rules and Nasdaq listing rules. The Company believes that the composition of the
Compensation Committee meets the requirements for independence under, and the functioning of such Compensation Committee will comply with,
any applicable requirements of the rules and regulations of Nasdaq listing rules and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
among other things, is responsible for: 

Reviewing and assessing the
development of the executive officers and considering and making recommendations to the Board regarding promotion and succession issues; 

Evaluating and reporting to
the Board on the performance and effectiveness of the directors, committees and the Board as a whole; 

Working with the Board to determine
the appropriate and desirable mix of characteristics, skills, expertise and experience, including diversity considerations, for the full
Board and each committee; 

Annually presenting to the
Board a list of individuals recommended to be nominated for election to the Board; 

Reviewing, evaluating, and
recommending changes to the Company s Corporate Governance Principles and Committee Charters; 

Recommending to the Board individuals
to be elected to fill vacancies and newly created directorships; 

Overseeing the Company s
compliance program, including the Code of Conduct; and 

Overseeing and evaluating how
the Company s corporate governance and legal and regulatory compliance policies and practices, including leadership, structure,
and succession planning, may affect the Company s major risk exposures. 

41 

The board of directors has adopted a written charter
setting forth the authority and responsibilities of the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee. 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
consists of Ms. Wagner, who serves as chair, and Mr. Majar. The Company s board of directors has determined that Peter Majar is
independent within the meaning of the independent director guidelines of Nasdaq listing rules. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of the Company s executive officers
serves, or in the past has served, as a member of the compensation committee, or other committee serving an equivalent function, of any
entity that has one or more executive officers who serve as members of the Company s board of directors or its compensation committee. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

The Company s Board of Directors has adopted
a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to its employees, directors and officers, in accordance with applicable U.S. federal
securities laws and the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq. The code of business conduct and ethics will be publicly available on the
Company s website. Any substantive amendments or waivers of the code of business conduct and ethics or code of ethics for senior
financial officers may be made only by the Company s board of directors and will be promptly disclosed as required by applicable
U.S. federal securities laws and the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

The Company s board of directors has adopted
corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq. 

Delinquent Section 16(A) Reports. 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s equity
securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC and are required to furnish copies to the Company. Based
solely on the review of the Changes of Beneficial Ownership disclosures on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
the following persons filed the following number of transactions on Section 16 beneficial ownership disclosure filings late for transactions: 

Mr. Jeremy Frommer filed one Form 4 late with respect to
three transaction. 

Mr. Peter Majar is late with respect to one Form 3 filing. 

Ms. Erica Wagner is late with respect to one Form 3 filing. 

42 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following information is related to the compensation
paid, distributed or accrued by us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for our Chief Executive Officer (principal
executive officer) serving during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the three other executive officers serving at December 31, 2021
whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 (the Named Executive Officers ). 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Laurie Weisberg 
 2022 
 361,234 
 - 
 52,000 
 316,949 
 - 
 - 
 542,679 (1) 
 1,272,862 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (9) 
 2021 
 313,750 
 25,000 
 20,226 
 763,894 
 - 
 - 
 24,925 (2) 
 1,147,795 

Justin Maury 
 2022 
 426,731 
 62,500 
 52,000 
 859,011 
 - 
 - 
 8,344 (3) 
 828,164 
 
 President Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 306,923 
 5,000 
 - 
 1,479,328 
 - 
 - 
 7,919 (4) 
 1,799,170 

Chelsea Pullano 
 2022 
 230,961 
 31,250 
 36,400 
 319,788 
 - 
 - 
 8,706 (5) 
 394,315 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 207,616 
 - 
 - 
 610,052 
 - 
 - 
 7,632 (6) 
 825,300 

Jeremy Frommer 
 2022 
 329,344 
 342,317 
 52,000 
 937,721 
 - 
 - 
 87,363 (7) 
 1,127,974 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (10) 
 2021 
 665,433 
 200,000 
 - 
 1,709,628 
 - 
 - 
 98,237 (8) 
 2,673,298 

(1) 
 The 542,679 includes payment to Ms. Weisberg for living expenses, health insurance, and severance pay. 

(2) 
 The 24,925 includes payment to Ms. Weisberg for health insurance. 

(3) 
 The 8,344 includes payment to Mr. Maury for health insurance. 

(4) 
 The 7,919 includes payment to Mr. Maury for health insurance. 

(5) 
 The 8,706 includes payment to Ms. Pullano for health insurance. 

(6) 
 The 7,632 includes payment to Ms. Pullano for health insurance. 

(7) 
 The 87,363 includes payment to Mr. Frommer for living expenses, health insurance and a vehicle allowance. 

(8) 
 The 98,237 includes payment to Mr. Frommer for living expenses, health insurance and a vehicle allowance. 

(9) 
 Ms. Weisberg served as Chief Operating Officer from September 2020 to August 2021, Co-Chief Executive Officer with Jeremy Frommer from August 2021 to February 2022, and Chief Executive Officer from February 2022 until her resignation in September 2022. 

(10) 
 Mr. Frommer served as Chief Executive Officer until August 2021, Co-Chief Executive Officer with Laurie Weisberg from August 2021 to February 2022, Executive Chairman from February 2022 to September 2022, and Chief Executive Officer after September 2022. 

Employment Agreements 

On April 5, 2022, upon the recommendation of the
Compensation Committee of the Board, the Board approved employment agreements with, and equity issuances for, (i) Jeremy Frommer, Executive
Chairman, who will receive (a) an signing award of 80,000, (b) an annual salary of 420,000; (c) 121,000 options, to vest immediately
with a strike price of 1.75, and (d) 50,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock; (ii) Laurie Weisberg, Chief Executive
Officer, who will receive (a) an annual salary of 475,000; (b) 121,000 options, to vest immediately with a strike price of 1.75, and
(c) 50,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock; (iii) Justin Maury, Chief Operating Officer President, who will
receive (a) an annual salary of 475,000 (b) 81,000 options, to vest immediately with a strike price of 1.75, and (c) 50,000 shares of
the Company s restricted common stock; and (iv) Chelsea Pullano, Chief Financial Officer, who will receive (a) an annual salary
of 250,000; (b) 37,000 options, to vest immediately with a strike price of 1.75, and (c) 35,000 shares of the Company s restricted
common stock (collectively, the Executive Employment Arrangements ). 

43 

Pursuant to the Executive Employment Arrangements,
the Company entered into executive employment agreements with each of the respective executives as of April 5, 2022 (the Executive
Employment Agreements ). The Executive Employment Agreements contain customary terms, conditions and rights. 

2022 Equity Incentive Plan 

Our Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan (the
 2022 Plan provides for the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), and other stock-based awards and there are 30,000,000
shares originally reserved under the 2022 Plan. 

No further awards may be issued under the Jerrick
Ventures 2015 Incentive and Award Plan (the 2015 Plan or the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan but
all awards under the 2015 Plan and the 2020 Plan that are outstanding as of the Effective Date will continue to be governed by the terms,
conditions and procedures set forth in the 2015 Plan and any applicable award agreement. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
2022 

At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding equity awards as follows: 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 
 Jeremy Frommer (1) 
 726,188 
 395,000 
 - 
 3.89 
 February 19, 2028 (5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Laurie Weisberg (2) 
 540,750 
 195,000 
 - 
 3.18 
 February 19, 2028 (6) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Justin Maury (3) 
 612,333 
 382,000 
 - 
 3.79 
 February 19, 2028 (7) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chelsea Pullano (4) 
 249,000 
 125,000 
 - 
 3.30 
 February 19, 2028 (8) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Mr. Frommer served as Chief Executive Officer until August 2021, Co-Chief Executive Officer with Laurie Weisberg from August 2021 to February 2022, Executive Chairman from February 2022 to September 2022, and Chief Executive Officer after September 2022. 

(2) 
 Ms. Weisberg served as Chief Operating Officer from September 2020 to August 2021, Co-Chief Executive Officer with Jeremy Frommer from August 2021 to February 2022, and Chief Executive Officer from February 2022 until her resignation in September 2022. 

(3) 
 Effective January 31, 2019, to August 13, 2021, Justin Maury was appointed as our President. Starting August 13, 2021, Justin Maury was appointed Chief Operating Officer in addition to President. 

44 

(4) 
 Effective June 29, 2020, Chelsea Pullano was appointed Chief Financial Officer. 

(5) 
 89,188 options expire on April 1, 2026; 121,000 options expire on October 28, 2026; 200,000 options expire on February 19, 2027; 121,000 options expire on April 5, 2027; 195,000 options expire on June 1, 2027; 195,000 options expire on December 31, 2027; 200,000 options expire on February 19, 2028. 

(6) 
 53,750 options expire on February 4, 2026; 121,000 options expire on October 28, 2026; 25,000 options expire on February 19, 2027; 121,000 options expire on April 5, 2027; 195,000 options expire on June 1, 2027; 195,000 options expire on December 31, 2027; 25,000 options expire on February 19, 2028. 

(7) 
 68,333 options expire on April 1, 2026; 81,000 options expire on October 28, 2026; 187,000 options expire on February 19, 2027; 81,000 options expire on April 5, 2027; 195,000 options expire on June 1, 2027; 195,000 options expire on December 31, 2027; 187,000 options expire on February 19, 2028. 

(8) 
 50,000 options expire on April 1, 2026; 37,000 options expire on October 28, 2026; 75,000 options expire on February 19, 2027; 37,000 options expire on April 5, 2027; 50,000 options expire on June 1, 2027; 50,000 options expire on December 31, 2027; 75,000 options expire on February 19, 2028. 

Director Compensation 

The following table presents the total compensation
for each person who served as a non-employee member of our board of directors and received compensation for such service during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any compensation, make
any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the non-employee members of our board of directors
in 2022. 

Director 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Total 
 
 Mark Standish (2) 
 35,249 
 - 
 35,249 
 
 Leonard Schiller (2) 
 18,760 
 - 
 18,760 
 
 LaBrena Martin (2) 
 18,224 
 - 
 18,224 
 
 Laurie Weisberg (3) 
 474,948 
 - 
 474,948 
 
 Brad Justus (4) 
 - 
 49,600 
 49,600 
 
 Joanna Bloor (5) 
 - 
 49,600 
 49,600 
 
 Lorraine Hendrickson (6) 
 - 
 49,600 
 49,600 
 
 Peter Majar 
 - 
 40,000 
 40,000 
 
 Erica Wagner 
 - 
 30,000 
 30,000 

(1) 
 Amounts shown in this column do not reflect dollar amounts actually received by our non-employee directors. Instead, these amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock option awards determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

(2) 
 Mark Standish, Leonard Schiller, and LaBrena Martin resigned from the board of directors effective February 17, 2022. 

(3) 
 Laurie Weisberg resigned from the board of directors effective September 2, 2022. 

(4) 
 Brad Justus resigned from the board of directors effective September 30, 2022. 

(5) 
 Joanna Bloor resigned from the board of directors effective November 17, 2022. 

(6) 
 Lorraine Hendrickson resigned from the board of directors effective November 1, 2022. 

45 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information,
as of April 19, 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common stock by (i) any holder of more than five (5 percent; (ii) each of the Company s executive officers and directors; and (iii) the Company s directors and executive officers
as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power over the shares
beneficially owned. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power over the
shares beneficially owned. The address for each person is 419 Lafayette Street, 6th Floor New York, New York 10003. 

Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percentage Ownership 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Jeremy Frommer 
 12,537,609 (2) 
 14.31 
 
 Justin Maury 
 6,860,324 (3) 
 7.86 
 
 Chelsea Pullano 
 2,034,041 (4) 
 2.34 
 
 Robert Tal 
 808,077 (5) 
 0.93 
 
 Peter Majar 
 1,938,806 (6) 
 2.24 
 
 Erica Wagner 
 1,241,722 (7) 
 1.44 
 
 All current directors and officers as a group 
 25,420,579 
 29.12 

(1) The securities beneficially
owned by a person are determined in accordance with the definition of beneficial ownership set forth in the regulations
of the SEC and accordingly, may include securities owned by or for, among others, the spouse, children or certain other relatives of
such person, as well as other securities over which the person has or shares voting or investment power or securities which the person
has the right to acquire within 60 days. 

(2) Includes 11,417,070 shares of common stock, 926,188 shares of common
stock underlying stock options, and 194,351 shares of common stock underlying warrants. 

(3) Includes 6,053,848 shares of common stock, 799,333 shares of common
stock underlying stock options, and 7,143 shares of common stock underlying warrants. 

(4) Includes 1,708,041 shares of common stock, 324,000 shares of common
stock underlying stock options, and 2,000 shares of common stock underlying warrants. 

(5) 
 Includes 592,020 shares of common stock, 212,667 shares of common stock underlying stock options and 3,390 shares of common stock underlying warrants. 

(6) 
 Includes 1,938,806 shares of common stock. 

(7) 
 Includes 1,216,008 shares of common stock, 20,000 shares of common stock underlying stock options, and 5,714 shares of common stock underlying warrants. 

46 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we had awards outstanding
under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a) 
 
 Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,950,402 (1) 
 1.38 
 2,272,475 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 2,950,402 
 1.38 
 2,272,475 

(1) During the year ended December
31, 2022, we had awards outstanding under the 2020 Plan. As of the end of fiscal year 2022, we had 4,408,267
 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options granted pursuant to the 2020 Plan. The securities
available under the Plan for issuance and issuable pursuant to exercises of outstanding options may be adjusted in the event of a change
in outstanding stock by reason of stock dividend, stock splits, reverse stock splits, etc. Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Plan we
can grant stock options, restricted stock unit awards, and other awards at levels determined appropriate by our Board and/or compensation
committee. The 2020 Plan also allows us to utilize a broad array of equity incentives and performance cash incentives in order to secure
and retain the services of our employees, 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS 

The following includes a summary of transactions
during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 to which we have been a party, including transactions in which the
amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the
last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more
than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which are described
elsewhere in this Annual Report. We are not otherwise a party to a current related party transaction, and no transaction is currently
proposed, in which the amount of the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for
the last two completed fiscal years and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Revenue 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
received revenue of 80,000 from Dune for branded content services prior to consolidation but after recognition as an equity method investee. 

Equity raises 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company conducted two
equity raises in which officers, directors, employees, and an affiliate of an officer cumulatively invested 476,003 for 272,000
shares of common stock and 272,000 warrants to purchase common stock. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth the aggregate fees
billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company s
annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s quarterly reports or services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 

269,350 

237,810 

Audit-Related Fees 

- 

- 

Tax Fees 

15,000 

12,500 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

284,350 

250,310 

47 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Exhibits . The exhibits listed below are filed as a part
of this annual report. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 5, 2016 by and among the Company, GPH Merger Sub., Inc., and Jerrick Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 11, 2016). 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 28, 2016 by and among the Company and Jerrick Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 3, 2016). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 30, 1999 (incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-SB filed with the Commission on March 30, 2006). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 6, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 4, 2013). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 8, 2014). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 4, 2014). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 3, 2015). 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(f) of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 11, 2016). 

3.7 
 
 Jerrick Ventures, Inc. Certificate of Designation of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(g) of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 11, 2016). 

3.8 
 
 Jerrick Ventures, Inc. Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(h) of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 11, 2016). 

3.9 
 
 Jerrick Ventures, Inc. Certificate of Designation of Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(i) of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 11, 2016). 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 3, 2016). 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 3, 2016). 

3.12 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation for Series C Preferred Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 3, 2016). 

3.13 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 3, 2016). 

48 

3.14 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 3, 2016). 

3.15 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to the Company s 8-K filed on May 12, 2020). 

3.16 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Jerrick Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 11, 2016). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8- K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2017). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 21, 2017). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 18, 2017) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 2, 2018) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 2, 2018) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 29, 2018) 

4.8 
 
 Form of Purchaser Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 31, 2018) 

4.9 
 
 Form of Incentive Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 31, 2018) 

4.10 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.22 to the Company s current report on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on September 10, 2020). 

4.11 
 
 Form of Underwriters Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to the Company s current report on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on September 10, 2020). 

4.12 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 27, 2021). 

4.13 
 
 Form of Underwriter Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 17, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Spin-Off Agreement dated as of February 5, 2016 between the Company and Kent Campbell. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 11, 2016). 

10.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated as of February 5, 2016 by and among Great Plains Holdings, Inc., Kent Campbell, Denis Espinoza and Sarah Campbell. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 11, 2016). 

49 

10.3 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 11, 2016). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2017). 

10.5 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated May 12, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 15, 2017). 

10.6 
 
 Line of Credit Agreement, dated May 9, 2017, by and between the Company and Arthur Rosen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 15, 2017). 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note Issued in Favor of Grawin, LLC, Dated May 12, 2017, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 15, 2017). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2017). 

10.9 
 
 Form of 8.5 Convertible Redeemable Debentures due April 18, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 21, 2017). 

10.10 
 
 Jerrick Media Holdings Inc. 8.5 Convertible Redeemable Note Due April 11, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2017) 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment to 8.5 Convertible Redeemable Note Due April 11, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2017) 

10.12 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Diamond Rock LLC dated July 24, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2017) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 18, 2017) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 14, 2018) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 13, 2018) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 2, 2018) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 29, 2018) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 29, 2018) 

10.19 
 
 Form Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 31, 2018) 

10.20 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 31, 2018) 

10.21 
 
 Form of Series A Preferred Stock Conversion Letter Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 31, 2018) 

10.22 
 
 Form of Series B Preferred Stock Conversion Letter Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 31, 2018) 

50 

10.23 
 
 Form of Promissory Note Conversion Letter Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 31, 2018) 

10.24 
 
 Lease Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 20, 2018) 

10.25 
 
 Jerrick Ventures, Inc. 2015 Incentive Stock and Award Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 the Company s Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on August 21, 2020) 

10.26 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 the Company s Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on August 21, 2020) 

10.27 
 
 Warrant Agreement, including form of Warrant, dated September 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2020). 

10.28 
 
 Weisberg Employment Letter Agreement, dated September 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 1, 2020). 

10.29 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2021). 

10.30 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2021). 

10.31 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2021). 

10.32 
 
 Form of PA Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2021). 

10.33 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 27, 2021). 

10.34 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 27, 2021). 

10.35 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2021, by and among, Creatd Partners, LLC, Angela Hein and Heidi Brown (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 10, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2021, by and among, Creatd Partners, LLC, WHE Agency, Inc., and individuals named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 26, 2021). 

10.37 
 
 Voting Agreement and Proxy, dated as of July 19, 2021, by and among, Creatd Partners, LLC, and individuals named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 26, 2021). 

51 

10.38 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Standard Holdings Inc., Mark De Luca, Stephanie Roy Dufault, Dune Inc. and Creatd Partners, LLC dated October 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2021). 

10.39 
 
 Stockholders Agreement by and among Dune Inc., Creatd Partners, LLC, Mark De Luca and Standard Holdings Inc. dated October 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2021). 

10.40 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Jeremy Frommer 

10.41 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Laurie Weisberg 

10.42 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Justin Maury 

10.43 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Chelsea Pullano 

16.1 
 
 Letter from Sadler, Gibb Associates, LLC dated January 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 8, 2019) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2020) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), As adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), As adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

52 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

CREATD, INC. 

Date: April 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeremy Frommer 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Chelsea Pullano 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jeremy Frommer 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman 
 
 April
 19, 2023 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Justin Maury 
 
 President,
 Chief Operating Officer, Director 
 
 April
 19, 2023 

/s/
 Chelsea Pullano 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April
 19, 2023 

(Principal
 Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Peter Majar 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 19, 2023 

/s/
 Erica Wagner 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 19, 2023 

53 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_creatdinc.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, Creatd, Inc. the
Company had two classes of security registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), our common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), and a registered class of warrants, each to purchase
one share of Common Stock (the Warrants ). 

The following description of the Company s
capital stock and provisions of its Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws are summaries
and are qualified by reference to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws,
each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. 

Description of Common Stock 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company is authorized
to issue 120,000,000 shares of capital stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 100,000,000 are shares of common stock and 20,000,000
are shares of blank check preferred stock. On January 26, 2023, the Company filed an amendment to the Company s Second
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation increasing the number of common shares that the Company is authorized to issue to 1.5 billion. 

As of April 19, there were 86,469,195 shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding, and there were 450 shares of Preferred Series E Stock issued and outstanding. 

On August 13, 2020, we filed a certificate of
amendment to our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment ), with the Secretary of State of the
State of Nevada to effectuate a one-for-three (1:3) reverse stock split (the August 2020 Reverse Stock Split of our common
stock without any change to its par value. The Amendment became effective on August 17, 2020. No fractional shares were issued in connection
with the August 2020 Reverse Stock Split as all fractional shares were rounded down to the next whole share. 

The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to
one vote per share. In addition, the holders of the Company s common stock will be entitled to receive dividends ratably, if any,
declared by the Company s board of directors out of legally available funds; however, the current policy of the board of directors
is to retain earnings, if any, for operations and growth. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of the Company s
common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets that are legally available for distribution. The holders of the Company s
common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of the
Company s common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock,
which may be designated solely by action of the board of directors and issued in the future. 

The Common Stock is quoted
on the OTCQB marketplace operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. under the trading symbol VOCL and on Upstream,
the trading app for digital securities and NFTs powered by Horizon Fintex and MERJ Exchange Limited under the trading symbol VOCL. 

The Company s transfer agent is VStock Transfer, LLC. 

Description of Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one
share of our Common Stock at a price equal to 9.00 per share, subject to adjustment as set forth below, at any time until at 5:00 p.m.,
New York City time, on September 15, 2025. 

The material provisions of the Warrants are set
forth herein and a copy of the Warrant Agent Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report for year ended December 31, 2020,
on Form 10-K (the Warrant Agent Agreement ). The Company and the Warrant Agent (as defined in the Warrant Agent Agreement may amend or supplement the Warrant Agent Agreement without the consent of any holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or curing,
correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters
or questions arising under the Warrant Agent Agreement as the parties thereto may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties determine,
in good faith, shall not adversely affect the interest of the holders. All other amendments and supplements shall require the vote or
written consent of holders of at least 50.1 . The exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend on or recapitalization, reorganization,
merger or consolidation. 

The Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate
on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the Warrant Agent, with the exercise form attached to the warrant certificate completed
and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the
number of Warrants being exercised. The Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Common Stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their Warrants and receive shares of Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No Warrants will be exercisable unless at the
time of the exercise a prospectus or prospectus relating to Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is current and the Common
Stock has been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the
Warrants. Under the terms of the Warrant Agent Agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to maintain a current prospectus or prospectus
relating to Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants until the expiration of the Warrants. If we are unable to maintain the
qualification or effectiveness of such registration statement until the expiration of the Warrants, and therefore are unable to deliver
registered shares of Common Stock, the Warrants may become worthless. Additionally, the market for the Warrants may be limited if the
prospectus or prospectus relating to the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is not current or if the Common Stock is
not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of such warrants reside. In no event will the registered
holders of a Warrant be entitled to receive a net-cash settlement, stock or other consideration in lieu of physical settlement in shares
of our Common Stock. 

No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued
upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share,
we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrant holder.
If multiple Warrants are exercised by the holder at the same time, we will aggregate the number of whole shares issuable upon exercise
of all the Warrants. 

The Warrants are quoted on the OTCPink marketplace
operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. under the trading symbol CRTDW . The Company s transfer agent is VStock Transfer,
LLC. 

Applicable Anti-Takeover Law 

Set forth below is a summary of provisions in
our Articles of Incorporation and the Bylaws that could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company.
The following description is only a summary and it is qualified by refence our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and relevant provisions
of the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

No Cumulative Voting 

Our Articles of Incorporation and the Bylaws do
not provide holders of our Common Stock cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. The absence of cumulative voting could
have the effect of preventing stockholders holding a minority of our shares of Common Stock from obtaining representation on our Board
of Directors. The absence of cumulative voting might also, under certain circumstances, render more difficult or discourage a merger,
tender offer or proxy contest favored by a majority of our stockholders, the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our
stock or the removal of incumbent management. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_creatdinc.htm
 CONSENT OF ROSENBERG RICH BAKER BERMAN, P.A

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We have issued our report dated April 18, 2023,
with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Creatd, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of Creatd, Inc. on Form S-8 (File
No. 333-269625). 

/s/ Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A. 

Somerset, New Jersey 

 April 18, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_creatdinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeremy Frommer, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Creatd,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly for the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data
and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeremy Frommer 

Jeremy Frommer 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_creatdinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Chelsea Pullano, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Creatd,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly for the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data
and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chelsea Pullano 

Chelsea Pullano 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_creatdinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Creatd,
Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, I, Jeremy Frommer, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) Such
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeremy Frommer 

Jeremy Frommer 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_creatdinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Creatd,
Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, I, Chelsea Pullano, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) Such
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chelsea Pullano 

Chelsea Pullano 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 crtd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 crtd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 crtd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 crtd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 crtd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

