<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230629_10-K_edgar_data_1622057_0001477932-23-004894.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4308837</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>161501</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>867159</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1019627</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>959115</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1213290</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-004894.hdr.sgml : 20230629
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230629122616
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-004894
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230629
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230629

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nascent Biotech Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001622057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				450612715
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55299
		FILM NUMBER:		231055978

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		631 US HWY 1, SUITE 407
		CITY:			NORTH PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		612-961-5656

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		631 US HWY 1, SUITE 407
		CITY:			NORTH PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-004894.txt : 20230629

10-K
 1
 nbio_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

nbio_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from [ ] to [ ] Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15d of the Act Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period of that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the previous 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.) No Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405) is not contained herein and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act,) Yes No The number of shares outstanding of the Company s .001 Par Value Common Stock as of June 29, 2023 was The number of shares outstanding of the Company s 0.001 Par Value Series A Convertible preferred as of June 15, 2022 was zero. The aggregate number of shares of the voting stock held by non-affiliates on September 30, 2022 was 61,455,874 with a market value of . For the purposes of the foregoing calculation only, all directors and executive officers of the registrant have been deemed affiliates. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 PART 1 Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item 2. Properties 18 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 18 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 18 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 18 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 20 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 21 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 23 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 24 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 24 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 24 Item 9B. Other Information 24 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 25 Item 11. Executive Compensation 28 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 30 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 30 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 32 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 33 SIGNATURES 34 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Various statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those that express a belief, expectation, or intention, as well as those that are not statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning the timing and success of our business activities, our revenues, income, and capital spending. We generally identify forward-looking statements with the words believe, intend, expect, seek, may, should, anticipate, could, estimate, plan, predict, project or their negatives, and other similar expressions. All statements we make relating to our estimated timelines and commencement of operations, and our projected earnings, costs, expenditures, cash flows, and financial results or to our expectations regarding future industry trends are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those that we expected. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are largely based on our expectations, which reflect estimates and assumptions made by our management. These estimates and assumptions reflect our best judgment based on currently known market conditions and other factors. Although we believe such estimates and assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is exceedingly difficult to predict the impact of known factors and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. In addition, management's assumptions about future events may prove to be inaccurate. We caution all readers that the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are not guarantees of future performance, and we cannot assure any reader that such statements will prove correct or the forward-looking events and circumstances will occur. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements due to the numerous risks and uncertainties as described elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations. A pandemic typically results in social distancing, travel bans, and quarantine. This may limit access to our suppliers, management, support staff and professional advisors. Although the Company s operations are virtual, we depend on numerous third party consultants and contract suppliers so we cannot measure the impact on our operations or financial condition at this point in time. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1: BUSINESS. Overview NASCENT BIOTECH INC., a Nevada corporation Nascent or the Company ), is actively developing its primary asset, Pritumumab, for the treatment of brain cancer and pancreatic cancer. Nascent is also actively researching other cancers that have a high probability of benefiting from the therapeutic effects of Pritumumab because they share a common molecular target. The Company continues exploring Pritumumab in its use against viruses. Nascent has completed its research with their partner, Manhattan BioSolutions developing a traditional vaccine platform to create vaccines for viral infections. On June 6 th , 2023, the Company mutually ended a license agreement with BioRay Pharmaceutical Co LTD and thereby regained worldwide rights for development and distribution of Pritumumab. On June 8, 2021 the US Patent Office issued patent number 11028155 to the Company titled Enhanced Delivery of Drug to the Brain . On November 8, 2022 the US Patent Office issued patent number 11492394 to the Company titled Kits and Containers for Treating Vimentin Expressing Tumors to the Company. Current Business We are a Phase II Clinical Stage Biopharmaceutical Company that develops monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of various cancer types. We focus on biologic drug candidates that are undergoing or have already completed initial clinical testing for the treatment of cancer and then seek to further develop those drug candidates for commercial use. We currently own drug candidate, Pritumumab, which we are developing as a treatment for epithelial cancers (which includes lung, breast, colon, brain, and pancreas). Our initial focus is on patients with brain cancer malignancies such as glioblastoma and malignant astrocytoma. Our focus is driven primarily by two factors: (1) brain cancer is a reasonably-sized orphan market especially including metastatic brain cancer - and (2) an unmet need in cancer treatment. Current brain cancer therapeutic strategies include chemotherapy drug Temodar , surgery, and/or radiation. Even when removed, most brain tumors come back within one-year post-surgery. With current standards of care, only 58 of brain cancer patients live past the first year after diagnosis with certain types, anaplastic astrocytoma and glioblastoma, the five-year survival rates are 27 and 5 , respectively. Based on clinical studies, we believe that Pritumumab may offer an advantage over existing treatments. Nascent has addressed manufacturing questions by re-engineering antibody production into the commonly used CHO cell expression system. Pritumumab works by binding to a target on the surface of cancer cells called ectodomain vimentin (also referred to as cell-surface vimentin). The target, generally referred to as an antigen, is prevalent in many different tumor types and is not being targeted by any other biopharmaceutical companies. By binding to this target, Pritumumab is able to make the tumor cells known to the body s immune system, resulting in potentially several types of immune responses, including anti-idiotype, apoptosis, antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity and complement-dependent cytotoxicity, leading to death of the cancer cells and overall depletion of the tumor. We expect to amplify on the past clinical development strategy during the next 12 months plan to: commence Phase II clinical trials in the United States with Pritumumab third calendar quarter 2023. continue to evaluate the application of Pritumumab in the treatment of other unmet ectodomain vimentin positive cancer types such as pancreatic. 4 Table of Contents On December 7, 2018, the Company received FDA clearance to begin clinical trials Phase I Clinical Trials. Due to a production issue with their bulk substance and the COVID Pandemic, the Company began their Phase I clinical trial at Hoag Presbyterian Cancer Center in Newport Beach CA in December of 2020 enrolling their first patient in March of 2021. On December 28, 2022 the Company had completed all patients through cohort 5; the final cohort of the phase 1 clinical trial. The Company submitted its data and Phase II protocol to the USFDA for approval to begin Phase II Clinical trials. Brain Cancer Incidence and Prevalence In the United States, the annual estimated new cases of Primary Tumor Brain Cancer each year are about 24,000, with estimated deaths about 18,000 per year. Brain cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death in patients younger than age 20. Gliomas (a broad term which includes all tumors arising from the gluey or supportive tissue of the brain), the cancer type for which orphan drug designation has been granted by the FDA, account for 80 of all malignant brain tumors. Metastatic brain cancer (metastases to the brain from other sites) occurs in 20 40 of patients with metastatic disease and incidence increases with age. In the United States, over 100,000 cases of metastatic brain cancer are diagnosed each year with most originating from lung (50 and breast (15-20 ). Our Goal and Strategy Our goal is to become a leading oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company. The key elements of our strategy to achieve this goal are as follows: Advance Pritumumab, our drug candidate, toward regulatory approval and commercialization. In Phase I/II Clinical Trials, we are primarily focused on developing Pritumumab for the treatment of patients with primary brain tumors. Expand our claims by pursuing additional indications for Pritumumab, due to the target antigen s (ectodomain vimentin) presence in a variety of cancers apart from brain cancer. Nascent will seek to expand it into other areas. Additionally, we believe Pritumumab could be an effective carrier protein for other anti-cancer drugs and can be developed as a diagnostic tool. When the COVID-19 pandemic occurred, we learned that cell-surface vimentin may be a marker that the SARS-Cov-2 virus uses to recognize and infect target cells. We engaged in research and found promising results for Pritumumab. Employing Pritumumab, or a suitable fragment (e.g., the scFv fragment), might be a viable treatment for an individual infected by the virus. Additionally, Nascent has engaged in research with Syracuse University to investigate using Pritumumab as an aerosol type treatment with promising results. Nascent is currently seeking a partner to continue development of this project. Nascent has signed an agreement to develop a vaccine research platform to include a COVID-19 vaccine with Manhattan BioSolutions using the BCG Bacteria. This bacterium is currently being used as a treatment for Bladder Cancer and Tuberculosis. The construct will be a traditional vaccine approach. Evaluate the commercialization strategies on a product-by-product basis. As we move our drug candidates through development toward regulatory approval, we will evaluate several options for each drug candidate s commercialization strategy. These options include entering into a joint marketing partnership with another pharmaceutical company or biotechnology company, whereby we jointly sell and market the product; and out licensing our product, whereby another pharmaceutical company or biotechnology company sells and markets our product and pays us on a developmental milestone and royalty on sales basis in North America. Our decision will be made separately for each product and will be based on several factors, including capital necessary to execute on each option, market size that needs to be addressed and terms of potential offers from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Pritumumab in Cancer Patients Our initial focus is on the development of Pritumumab as an intravenous treatment of patients with various types of brain cancer, most prominently gliomas and malignant astrocytoma. 5 Table of Contents Advantages of Pritumumab Based on clinical studies to date, we believe that Pritumumab may offer an advantage over existing treatments. The antibody is fully human. This natural approach, we believe results in the molecule posing very little toxicity to the patient, particularly in comparison to chemotherapies, radiation and cytokine approaches that currently dominate the marketplace. Further, the antibody binds to a very novel target that appears to be prevalent in a number of solid tumors. A fully human approach will mimic and harness the body s natural defense system to fight cancer and offer an efficacious and safer approach to other protocols, which can be devastating and life threatening in and of themselves. Disadvantages of Pritumumab Given the low survival rates for current standard therapy in brain cancer, both in percentage and type, and the general safety associated with monoclonal antibodies currently approved in the United States for a variety of therapeutic indications, we believe that there are no disadvantages of Pritumumab to current therapy. Development Plan We initiated a US-based clinical trial of pritumumab in patients with brain cancer in March 2021. In this trial, we are investigating the efficacy of Pritumumab on metastatic brain cancer and measure the effects on the primary tumor. Our Phase I trial is a multiple ascending dose study employing significantly higher doses to test for safety and improved efficacy. We believe we can complete the Phase II studies indicated above within a period of about 24 months and for a total cost of less than 18.5 million dollars. This will, of course, require funding our planned capital raises as discussed elsewhere in this document. Clinical Testing of Our Products in Development Each of our products in development, and likely all future drug candidates, will require extensive clinical testing to determine the safety and efficacy of the product prior to seeking and obtaining regulatory approval for marketing and sale of the product. This process is expensive and time consuming. In completing this pre-clinical and clinical testing, we are dependent upon third-party consultants, consisting mainly of investigators, collaborators, and contract research organizations, who will conduct such testing. We and our third-party consultants conducted pre-clinical testing in accordance with Good Laboratory Practices, or GLPs, and clinical testing in accordance with Good Clinical Practices, or GCPs, which are international ethical and scientific quality standards utilized for pre-clinical and clinical testing, respectively. GCP is the standard for the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis and reporting of clinical trials, and is required by the FDA to be followed in conducting clinical trials. Additionally, any pre-clinical and clinical testing completed in the European Union, (EU), is conducted in accordance with applicable EU standards, such as the EU Clinical Trials Directive (Directive 2001/20/EC of April 4, 2001), or the EU Clinical Trials Directive, and the national laws of the Member States of the EU implementing its provisions. Intellectual Property The US Food Drug Administration has granted the Company orphan drug designation for use of Pritumumab against gliomas and pancreatic cancer. If we obtain marketing approval for Pritumumab or other drug candidates in the United States or in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, we may be eligible for regulatory protection, such as seven years of market exclusivity under FDA orphan drug designation, up to five years of patent term extension potentially available in the United States under the Hatch-Waxman Act, 8 to 11 years of data and marketing exclusivity potentially available for new drugs in the European Union, up to five years of patent extension in Europe (Supplemental Protection Certificate), and eight years of data exclusivity potentially available in Japan. There can be no assurance that we will qualify for any such regulatory exclusivity, or that any such exclusivity will prevent competitors from seeking approval solely on the basis of their own studies. See Government Regulation below. Our goal is to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection for our products, formulation, processes, methods, and other proprietary technologies, preserve our trade secrets, and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of other parties, both in the United States and in other countries. Our policy is to actively seek to obtain, where appropriate, the broadest intellectual property protection possible for our current product candidates and any future product candidates, proprietary information, and proprietary technology through a combination of contractual arrangements and patents, both in the United States and abroad. However, even patent protection may not always afford us with complete protection against competitors who seek to circumvent our patents. Our proprietary rights may not adequately protect our intellectual property and potential products, and if we cannot obtain adequate protection of our intellectual property and potential products, we may not be able to successfully market our potential products. 6 Table of Contents We will depend upon the skills, knowledge, and experience of our scientific and technical personnel, as well as that of our advisors, consultants, and other contractors, none of which is patentable. To help protect our proprietary know-how, which is not patentable, and inventions for which patents may be difficult to obtain or enforce, we will in the future rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our interests. To this end, we require all of our employees, consultants, advisors, and other contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements that prohibit the disclosure of confidential information and, where applicable, require disclosure and assignment to us of the ideas, developments, discoveries, and inventions important to our business. On June 8, 2021 the US Patent Office issued patent t number 11028155 to the Company titled Enhanced Delivery of Drug to the Brain . On November 8, 2022 the US Patent Office issued patent number 11492394 to the Company titled Kits and Containers for Treating Vimentin Expressing Tumors to the Company. Manufacturing We do not currently have our own manufacturing facilities. We intend to continue to use our financial resources to accelerate development of our drug candidates rather than diverting resources to establish our own manufacturing facilities. We intend to meet our clinical trial manufacturing requirements by continuing established relationships with third-party manufacturers and other service providers to perform these services for us. We intend to continue these third-party relationships to maintain our supply of Pritumumab. Should Pritumumab obtain marketing approval, we anticipate establishing relationships with third-party manufacturers and other service providers for the commercial production and manufacture of our product. We have some flexibility in securing other manufacturers to produce our drug candidates; however, our alternatives may be limited due to proprietary technologies or methods used in the manufacture of some of our drug candidates. Competition The development and commercialization of new products to treat cancer is highly competitive, and we expect considerable competition from major pharmaceutical, biotechnology and specialty cancer companies. As a result, there are and will likely continue to be extensive research and substantial financial resources invested in the discovery and development of new cancer products. Our potential competitors include, but are not limited to, Genentech, Merk, Roche, Takeda, Array Biopharma and Ambit Biosciences. We are an early-stage company with no history of operations, and we acquired the rights to the drug candidates we expect to develop. Many of our competitors have substantially more resources than we do, including both financially and technically. In addition, many of our competitors have more experience than us in clinical development, manufacturing, regulatory and global commercialization. We are also competing with academic institutions, governmental agencies and private organizations that are conducting research in the field of cancer. We anticipate that we will face intense competition. We expect that our products under development and in clinical trials will address major markets within the cancer sector. Our competition will be determined in part by the indications for which drugs are developed and ultimately approved by regulatory authorities. Additionally, the timing of market introduction of some of our potential products or of competitors products may be an important competitive factor. Accordingly, the speed with which we can develop products, complete pre-clinical testing, clinical trials, and approval processes and supply commercial quantities to market are expected to be important competitive factors. We expect that competition among products approved for sale will be based on various factors, including product efficacy, safety, reliability, availability, price, reimbursement, and patent position. Government Regulation United States FDA Process 7 Table of Contents The research, development, testing, manufacture, labeling, promotion, advertising, distribution, and marketing, among other things, of drug products are extensively regulated by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA, and its implementing regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements may subject us to administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending New Drug Applications (NDAs) or Biologics License Applications (BLAs), warning letters, fines, civil penalties, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions and/or criminal prosecution. In the case of Pritumumab, it is a biologic drug and the appropriate route for approval will be to submit a BLA. Drug Approval Process. None of our drug product candidates may be marketed in the United States until the drug has received FDA approval. The steps required before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally include the following: completion of extensive pre-clinical laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies in accordance with the FDA s GLP regulations; development of a manufacturing process in accordance with the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) regulations; submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug IND application for human clinical testing, which must pass FDA review before human clinical trials may begin; performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each proposed indication; submission to the FDA of a BLA (Biologics License Application) after completion of all pivotal clinical trials; satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and finished drug product are produced and tested to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs); and, FDA review and approval of the BLA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States. The development and approval process requires substantial time, effort, and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. As noted above, the Company has received approval to commence human clinical trials with its currently manufactured drug product lot. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol must be provided to the FDA as part of a separate submission to the IND. Further, an Institutional Review Board (IRB) for each medical center proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the study protocol and informed consent information for study subjects for any clinical trial before it commences at that center, and it must monitor the study until it is completed. Study subjects must sign an informed consent form before participating in a clinical trial. Clinical trials necessary for product approval typically are conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. Phase 1 usually involves the initial introduction of the investigational drug into a limited population, typically healthy humans, to evaluate its short-term safety, dosage tolerance, metabolism, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacologic actions, and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to (i) evaluate dosage tolerance and determine appropriate dosage; (ii) identify possible adverse effects and safety risks; and (iii) evaluate preliminarily the efficacy of the drug for specific targeted indications. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. Phase 3 trials, commonly referred to as pivotal studies, are undertaken in an expanded patient population at multiple, geographically dispersed clinical trial centers to further evaluate clinical efficacy and test further for safety by using the drug in its final form. There can be no assurance that Phase 2 or Phase 3 testing will be completed successfully within any specified period of time, if at all. Furthermore, the Company, the FDA or an IRB may suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Moreover, the FDA may approve a BLA for a product candidate but require that the sponsor conduct additional clinical trials to further assess the drug after BLA approval under a post-approval commitment. Post-approval trials are typically referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials. 8 Table of Contents During the development of a new drug, sponsors are given an opportunity to meet with the FDA at certain time points. These points may be prior to submission of an IND, at the end of Phase 2, and before a BLA is submitted. Meetings at other times may be requested. These meetings can provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide advice, and for the sponsor and the FDA to reach an agreement on the next phase of development. Sponsors typically use the end of Phase 2 meeting to discuss their Phase 2 clinical results and present their plans for the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial that they believe will support approval of the new drug. If a Phase 3 clinical trial is the subject of discussion at an end of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA, a sponsor may be able to request a Special Protocol Assessment, the purpose of which is to reach an agreement with the FDA on the design of the Phase 3 clinical trial protocol design and analysis that will form the primary basis of an efficacy claim. If such an agreement is reached, it will be documented and made part of the administrative record, and it will be binding on the FDA unless public health concerns unrecognized at the time of the protocol assessment are evident and may not be changed except under a few specific circumstances. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal safety studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and the manufacturer must develop and validate methods for testing the quality, purity, and potency of the final drugs. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf-life. Assuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of the pre-clinical studies and of the clinical studies, together with other detailed information, including information on the manufacture and composition of the drug, are submitted to the FDA in the form of a BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. A BLA must be accompanied by a significant user fee, which we anticipate will be waived for the first BLA because NBI is a qualified small business. The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort, and financial resources. The agency reviews the application and may deem it to be inadequate to support the registration, and companies cannot be sure that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. The FDA may also refer the application to the appropriate advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians, for review, evaluation, and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of the advisory committee, but it typically follows such recommendations. Before approving a BLA, the FDA usually will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured and will not approve the product unless the manufacturing is in compliance with cGMPs. If the FDA evaluates the BLA and the manufacturing facilities are deemed acceptable, the FDA may issue an approval letter, or in some cases, an approvable letter followed by an approval letter. Both letters usually contain a number of conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the BLA. When and if those conditions have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug for specific indications. As a condition of BLA approval, the FDA may require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy or impose other conditions. The FDA may deny approval of a BLA by issuing a Complete Response Letter if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied. A Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data and/or an additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s), and/or other significant, expensive, and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, pre-clinical studies, or manufacturing. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we or our collaborators interpret data. Alternatively, approval may occur with Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, or REMS, which limit the labeling, distribution, or promotion of a drug product. Once issued, the FDA may withdraw product approval if ongoing regulatory requirements are not met or if safety problems occur after the product reaches the market. In addition, the FDA may require testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance programs to monitor the safety effects of approved products which have been commercialized, and the FDA has the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of these post-marketing programs or other information. 9 Table of Contents Expedited Review and Approval The FDA has various programs, including Orphan Drug Designation and Fast Track approval, which are intended to expedite or simplify the process for reviewing drugs, and/or provide for accelerated approval. Even if a drug qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the drug no longer meets the conditions for qualification or that the time period for FDA review or approval will be shortened. Generally, drugs that may be eligible for these programs are those for serious or life-threatening conditions, those with the potential to address unmet medical needs, and those that offer meaningful benefits over existing treatments. For example, Fast Track is a process designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs to treat serious diseases and fill an unmet medical need. Priority review is designed to give drugs that offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists and provides for an initial review within six months as compared to a standard review time of 10 months. Although Fast Track and priority review do not affect the standards for approval, the FDA will attempt to facilitate early and frequent meetings with a sponsor of a Fast Track designated drug and expedite review of the application for a drug designated for priority review. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval perform post-marketing clinical trials. Post-Approval Requirements Oftentimes, even after a drug has been approved by the FDA for sale, the FDA may require that certain post-approval requirements be satisfied, including the conduct of additional clinical studies. In addition, certain changes to an approved product, such as adding new indications, making certain manufacturing changes, or making certain additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. Before a company can market products for additional indications, it must obtain additional approvals from the FDA, typically a new BLA or NDA. Obtaining approval for a new indication generally requires that additional clinical studies be conducted. A company cannot be sure that any additional approval for new indications for any product candidate will be approved on a timely basis, or at all. If post-approval conditions are not satisfied, the FDA may withdraw its approval of the drug. In addition, holders of an approved BLA are required to: (i) report certain adverse reactions to the FDA and maintain pharmacovigilance programs to proactively look for these adverse events, (ii) comply with certain requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling for their products, and (iii) continue to have quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMPs after approval. The FDA periodically inspects the sponsor s records related to safety reporting and/or manufacturing facilities; this latter effort includes assessment of ongoing compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. We intend to use third-party manufacturers to produce our products in clinical and commercial quantities, and future FDA inspections may identify compliance issues at the facilities of our contract manufacturers that may disrupt production or distribution or require substantial resources to correct. In addition, discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, including recall of the product from the market or withdrawal of approval of the BLA for that drug. Foreign Regulation In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials and approval of foreign countries or economic areas, such as the EU, before we may market products in those countries or areas. The approval process and requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from place to place, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. In the European Economic Area, or EEA (which is comprised of the 27 member states of the EU, or Member States, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein), medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization, or MA. There are two types of marketing authorizations: 10 Table of Contents The Community MA, which is issued by the European Commission through the Centralized Procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or CHMP, of the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and which is valid throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The Centralized Procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, and medicinal products indicated for the treatment of AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and viral diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific, or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EU. National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the Centralized Procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EEA, this National MA can be recognized in another Member State through the Mutual Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various Member States through the Decentralized Procedure. Under the Decentralized Procedure, an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State. The competent authority of the Reference Member State prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the specific product characteristics, or SPC, and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States (referred to as the Member States Concerned) for their approval. If the Member States Concerned raise no objections, based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SPC, labeling or packaging proposed by the Reference Member State, the product is subsequently granted a National MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the Reference Member State and the Member States Concerned). Under the above described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety, and efficacy. As in the United States, it may be possible in foreign countries to obtain a period of market and/or data exclusivity that would have the effect of postponing the entry into the marketplace of a competitor s generic product. For example, if any of our products receive marketing approval in the EEA, we expect they will benefit from 8 years of data exclusivity and 10 years of marketing exclusivity. An additional non-cumulative one year period of marketing exclusivity is possible if during the data exclusivity period (the first 8 years of the 10-year marketing exclusivity period), we obtain an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications that are deemed to bring a significant clinical benefit compared to existing therapies. The data exclusivity period begins on the date of the product s first marketing authorization in the EU and prevents generics from relying on the marketing authorization holder s pharmacological, toxicological, and clinical data for a period of 8 years. After 8 years, a generic product application may be submitted and generic companies may rely on the marketing authorization holder s data. However, a generic cannot launch until 2 years later (or a total of 10 years after the first marketing authorization in the EU of the innovator product), or 3 years later (or a total of 11 years after the first marketing authorization in the EU of the innovator product) if the marketing authorization holder obtains marketing authorization for a new indication with significant clinical benefit within the 8 year data exclusivity period. In Japan, our products may be eligible for eight years of data exclusivity. There can be no assurance that we will qualify for such regulatory exclusivity, or that such exclusivity will prevent competitors from seeking approval solely on the basis of their own studies. When conducting clinical trials in the EU, we must adhere to the provisions of the EU Clinical Trials Directive and the laws and regulations of the EU Member States implementing them. These provisions require, among other things, that the prior authorization of an Ethics Committee and the competent Member State authority is obtained before commencing the clinical trial. Pricing and Reimbursement In the United States and internationally, sales of products that we market in the future, and our ability to generate revenues on such sales, are dependent, in significant part, on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers such as state and federal governments, managed care providers and private insurance plans. Private insurers, such as health maintenance organizations and managed care providers, have implemented cost-cutting and reimbursement initiatives and likely will continue to do so in the future. These include establishing formularies that govern the drugs and biologics that will be offered and also the out-of-pocket obligations of member patients for such products. We may need to conduct pharmacoeconomic studies to demonstrate the cost effectiveness of our products for formulary coverage and reimbursement. Even with studies, our products may be considered less safe, less effective, or less cost-effective than existing products, and third-party payers may not provide coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates, in whole or in part. 11 Table of Contents In addition, particularly in the United States and increasingly in other countries, we are required to provide discounts and pay rebates to state and federal governments and agencies in connection with purchases of our products that are reimbursed by such entities. It is possible that future legislation in the United States and other jurisdictions could be enacted that could potentially impact the reimbursement rates for the products we are developing and may develop in the future and also could further impact the levels of discounts and rebates paid to federal and state government entities. Any legislation that impacts these areas could impact, in a significant way, our ability to generate revenues from sales of products that, if successfully developed, we bring to market. Political, economic, and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry in the United States to fundamental changes. There have been, and we expect there will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could significantly affect our future business. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, or collectively, the PPACA, enacted in March 2010, substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among other cost containment measures, PPACA establishes: an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which pharmaceutical manufacturers who wish to have their drugs covered under Part D must offer discounts to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, or the donut hole; and a formula that increases the rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. In the future, there may continue to be additional proposals relating to the reform of the U.S. healthcare system. Future legislation, including the current versions being considered at the federal level in the United States or regulatory actions implementing recent or future legislation, may have a significant effect on our business. Our ability to successfully commercialize products depends in part on the extent to which reimbursement for the costs of our products and related treatments will be available in the United States and worldwide from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Because the adoption of certain proposals could limit the prices, we are able to charge for our products, or the amounts of reimbursement available for our products, and could limit the acceptance and availability of our products, substantial uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved health care products by third-party payers. Sales and Marketing We currently have no marketing, sales, or distribution capabilities. We do, however, have worldwide commercialization rights for our drug candidates. In order to commercialize any of our drug candidates if and when they are approved for sale in the United States or elsewhere, we will need to develop the necessary marketing, sales, and distribution capabilities. The FDA regulates all advertising and promotion activities for products under its jurisdiction both prior to and after approval, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, dissemination of off-label information, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the Internet. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. Further, if there are any modifications to the drug, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, we may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new or supplemental NDA, which may require us to collect additional data or conduct additional pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. Failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements may subject a company to adverse publicity, enforcement action by the FDA, corrective advertising, consent decrees and the full range of civil and criminal penalties available to the FDA. 12 Table of Contents Physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for uses that are not described in the drug s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties, and often reflect a physician s belief that the off-label use is the best treatment for the patients. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments, but FDA regulations do impose stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications regarding off-label uses. Failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements may subject a company to adverse publicity, enforcement action by the FDA, corrective advertising, consent decrees and the full range of civil and criminal penalties available to the FDA. Outside the United States, our ability to market a product is contingent upon obtaining marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The requirements governing marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. We may also be subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws and false claims laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to solicit, offer, receive, or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to induce, the referral of business, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug. Due to the breadth of the statutory provisions and the absence of guidance in the form of regulations and very few court decisions addressing industry practices, it is possible that our practices might be challenged under anti-kickback or similar laws. False claims laws prohibit anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting or causing to be presented for payment to third-party payers (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. Our activities relating to the sale and marketing of our products may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, the possibility of exclusion from federal health care programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) and corporate integrity agreements, which impose, among other things, rigorous operational and monitoring requirements on companies. Similar sanctions and penalties also can be imposed upon executive officers and employees, including criminal sanctions against executive officers under the so-called responsible corporate officer doctrine, even in situations where the executive officer did not intend to violate the law and was unaware of any wrongdoing. Given the penalties that can be imposed on companies and individuals if convicted, allegations of such violations often result in settlements even if the company or individual being investigated admits no wrongdoing. Settlements often include significant civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, and corporate integrity agreements. If the government were to allege or convict us or our executive officers of violating these laws, our business could be harmed. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring similar actions. Our activities could be subject to challenge for the reasons discussed above and due to the broad scope of these laws and the increasing attention being given to them by law enforcement authorities. Further, there is an increasing number of state laws that require manufacturers to provide reports to states on pricing and marketing information. Many of these laws contain ambiguities as to what is required to comply with the laws. Given the lack of clarity in laws and their implementation, our reporting actions could be subject to the penalty provisions of the pertinent state authorities. Other Laws and Regulatory Processes We are subject to a variety of financial disclosure and securities trading regulations as a public company in the United States, including laws relating to the oversight activities of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and, if our capital stock becomes listed on a national securities exchange, we will be subject to the regulations of such exchange on which our shares are traded. In addition, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, the SEC, and other bodies that have jurisdiction over the form and content of our accounts, our financial statements and other public disclosure are constantly discussing and interpreting proposals and existing pronouncements designed to ensure that companies best display relevant and transparent information relating to their respective businesses. Our present and future business has been and will continue to be subject to various other laws and regulations. Various laws, regulations and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory practices, the experimental use of animals, and the purchase, storage, movement, import and export and use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances used in connection with our research work are or may be applicable to our activities. Certain agreements entered into by us involving exclusive license rights or acquisitions may be subject to national or supranational antitrust regulatory control, the effect of which cannot be predicted. The extent of government regulation, which might result from future legislation or administrative action, cannot accurately be predicted. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS There are numerous and varied risks, known and unknown, that may prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and shareholders could lose all or part of their investment. Risks Related to our Business The occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected our operations. The resulting social distancing, travel bans, and quarantine delayed the start of our Phase I Trial. This trial has been completed. We currently have no product revenues and no products approved for marketing and will need to raise additional capital to operate our business. We received license revenue during the year ended March 31, 2022 We have generated no product revenues but sold a license agreement which had the potential to generate 5 million of license fees based on specific milestones met by the Company. To date we received 1,750,000, however by mutual agreement the license has been cancelled and the worldwide rights have been re-gained by the Company. Until, and unless, we receive approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or other regulatory authorities overseas for one or more of our drug candidates, we cannot market or sell our products and will not have product revenues. We have completed our phase 1 clinical trial for Pritumumab and submitted the protocol for Phase 2 to the FDA for approval. Moreover, each drug candidate will require time and capital before we can apply for IND approval from the FDA or commence clinical trials. Therefore, for the foreseeable future, we do not expect to achieve any product revenues and will have to fund all of our operations and capital expenditures from cash on hand, licensing fees and grants, and potentially, future offerings. We will need to seek additional sources of financing, which may not be available on favorable terms. If we do not succeed in timely raising additional funds on acceptable terms, we may be unable to complete planned pre-clinical and clinical trials or obtain approval of any drug candidates from the FDA and other regulatory authorities. Any additional sources of financing will likely involve the issuance of additional equity securities, which will have a dilutive effect on our stockholders. We intend to use the services of outside service providers to conduct our clinical trials and manufacture our products. Development, Regulatory Approval and Marketing of Products The outcome of the lengthy and complex process of identifying new compounds and developing new products is inherently uncertain and involves a high degree of risk and cost. Drug discovery and development is time-consuming, expensive and unpredictable. The process from early discovery or design to development to regulatory approval can take many years. Drug candidates can fail at any stage of the process, including as the result of unfavorable clinical trial results. There can be no assurance regarding our ability to meet anticipated clinical trial commencement and completion dates, regulatory submission dates, and launch dates for product candidates, or as to whether or when we will receive regulatory approval for new products or for new indications or dosage forms for existing products. Decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling, ingredients and other matters could adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products, and there is no assurance that any of our proposed products will receive regulatory approval and/or be commercially successful. 14 Table of Contents Post-Approval Data As a condition to granting marketing approval of a product, the FDA may require a company to conduct additional clinical trials. The results generated in these Phase IV trials could result in loss of marketing approval, changes in product labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about the side effects or efficacy of a product. The Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 (the FDAAA) gave the FDA enhanced post-market authority, including the explicit authority to require post-market studies and clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety information, and compliance with FDA-approved risk evaluation and mitigation strategies. The FDA s exercise of its authority under the FDAAA has in some cases resulted, and in the future, could result, in delays or increased costs during product development, clinical trials and regulatory review, increased costs to comply with additional post-approval regulatory requirements and potential restrictions on sales of approved products. Non-U.S. regulatory agencies often have similar authority and may impose comparable costs. Post-marketing studies, whether conducted by us or by others and whether mandated by regulatory agencies or voluntary, and other emerging data about marketed products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect sales of our products. Further, the discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate (or are perceived to implicate) an entire class of products could have an adverse effect on sales of the affected products. Accordingly, new data about our proposed products, or products similar to our proposed products, could negatively impact demand for these products due to real or perceived side effects or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in updated labeling, restrictions on use, product withdrawal or recall. Furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of these products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales. Such guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of these products if and when they reach the market. The expiration or loss of patent protection may affect future revenues and operating income. The Company s proposed products may rely on patent and trademark and other intellectual property protection. To the extent any of the Company s intellectual property are successfully challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or to the extent it does not allow the Company to compete effectively, our business may suffer. Competitors' intellectual property may prevent the Company from selling its proposed products or have a material adverse effect on the Company s future profitability and financial condition. Competitors may claim that our product infringes upon their intellectual property. Resolving an intellectual property infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require the Company to enter into license agreements. The Company cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject the Company to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale or use of affected products. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition. The Company research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause revenue and profitability to decline. The Company is committing substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development of its proposed products. A high rate of failure is inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. The Company will be required to make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including after significant funds have been invested. Promising new product candidates may fail to reach the market or may only have limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, the failure to establish or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. Even if the Company successfully develops new products or enhancements, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. Innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among other things, entrenched patterns of clinical practice or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. The Company cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. Failure to launch successful new products or new indications for existing products may cause the Company s products to become obsolete, causing our revenue and operating results to suffer. 15 Table of Contents New products and technological advances by our competitors may negatively affect our operations. Any products that the Company develops will face intense competition from its competitors' products. Competitors' products may be safer, more effective; more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than our products. Liability claims may occur having a material adverse effect on revenues and financial condition. The Company, once its product(s) make it to market, may be subject to product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that its products have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. Product liability claims and lawsuits, safety alerts or product recalls, and other allegations of product safety or quality issues, regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers. Consequences may also include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the products, lower income, or exposure to other claims. The Company has obtained product liability insurance but may not be able to obtain such coverage or obtain sufficient coverage to protect itself completely from said potential claims. Product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition. We have a limited operating history and are not profitable and may never become profitable. We have a history of operating losses and no meaningful operations upon which to evaluate our business. Our accumulated deficit since inception through March 31, 2023 was 21,641,375. We expect to incur substantial losses and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future as we commence clinical trials of our drug candidates, which we do not expect will be commercially available for several years, if at all. Even if we succeed in developing and commercializing one or more drug candidates, we expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. The successful development and commercialization of any drug candidates will require us to perform a variety of functions, including: undertaking phase 2 clinical trials; hiring additional personnel; participating in the regulatory approval processes; manufacturing and formulating products; initiating and conducting sales and marketing activities; and, implementing additional internal systems and infrastructure. We will need to raise additional capital to fund our business and generate significant revenue to achieve and maintain profitability. Additional financing may cause dilution to current investors and there can be no assurance that any additional financing will be on terms that are favorable to the Company and our shareholders. Without ongoing revenue, our ability to stay in business is contingent on outside capital and we currently have no commitments for such capital. The departure of key personnel could affect the Company due to the loss of their expertise. Our business plan was developed by our officers and will depend on their ability to develop pharmaceutical products. Without their expertise, it is unlikely we will be able to complete the development, testing and FDA approval process. We do not have the funds, at this time, to hire additional personnel and without our current management team; it is unlikely we would be able to obtain further funding. The loss of any member of management would severely hinder our ability to develop our proposed products. A failure on our part to retain the services of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial conditions. We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our officers or employees. 16 Table of Contents Our auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our audited financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 were prepared using the assumption that we will continue our operations as a going concern. We were incorporated in 2014 and do not have a history of earnings except for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2022. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm, in their audit report, has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Continued operations are dependent on our ability to complete equity or debt financing activities or to generate profitable operations. Such activities may not be available or may not be available on reasonable terms. We believe that if we do not have sufficient funding, we may have to suspend or cease operations within twelve months. Therefore, we may be unable to continue operations in the future as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, our stockholders may lose some or all their investment in the Company. We may be exposed to risks relating to management s conclusion that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting are ineffective. Currently, we do not have an independent audit committee. Our independent Director along with the other Directors functions as our audit committee and is comprised of three directors, two of whom are not considered to be "independent" in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. An independent audit committee plays a crucial role in the corporate governance process, assessment of the Company's processes relating to its risks and control environment, oversight of financial reporting, and evaluation of internal and independent audit processes. The lack of an independent audit committee may prevent the Board of Directors from being independent in its judgments and its ability to pursue the committee's responsibilities, this could compromise management of our business. Risks Relating to Our Common Stock The Company s stock price may be volatile. The market price of the Company s common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control, including the following: technological innovations or new products and services by the Company or its competitors. additions or departures of key personnel. the Company s ability to execute its business plan. operating results that fall below expectations. loss of any strategic relationship. industry developments. economic and other external factors; and, period-to-period fluctuations in the Company s financial results. In addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock. We may in the future issue additional shares of our common stock which would reduce investors ownership interests in the Company, and which may dilute our share value. Our Articles of Incorporation were amended to increase the authorized shares to 500,000,000 of which 450,000,000 shares are common Shares, par value 0.001 per share and 50,000,000 shares are preferred shares, 0.001 par value. The future issuance of all or part of our remaining authorized common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. The Company authorized a class of Series A convertible non-voting preferred stock with rights and preferences superior to those of the common stockholders and which might contain provisions giving them priority over the rights of the common stockholders. Any such class of preferred stock may result in substantial dilution to our common stockholders and have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 17 Table of Contents FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholders ability to buy and sell our stock. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that relate to the application of the SEC s penny stock rules in trading our securities and require that a broker/dealer have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer, prior to recommending the investment. Prior to recommending speculative, low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker/dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative, low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA s requirements make it more difficult for broker/dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity and liquidity of our common stock. Further, many brokers charge higher transactional fees for penny stock transactions. As a result, fewer broker/dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock, reducing a shareholder s ability to resell shares of our common stock. The Company s common stock is currently deemed to be penny stock, which makes it more difficult for investors to sell their shares. The Company s common stock is and will be subject to the penny stock rules adopted under section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules apply to companies whose common stock is not listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than 5.00 per share or that have tangible net worth of less than 5,000,000 2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than established customers complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If the Company remains subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for the Company s securities. If the Company s securities are subject to the penny stock rules, investors will find it more difficult to dispose of the Company s securities. ITEM 1B: UNSOLVED STAFF COMMENTS As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 2: PROPERTIES Our principal executive offices are located at 631 US Hwy 1 Suite 407, N Palm Beach, FL 33408, which we receive rent free on a month to month basis. Our telephone number is (612) 961-5656. We have no policies with respect to investments in real estate or interests in real estate, real estate mortgages, or securities of or interests in persons primarily engaged in real estate activities. ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE Not applicable ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS Our shares of common stock are currently trading on the Over the Counter Market: Bulletin Board under the Symbol NBIO . 18 Table of Contents The following quotations, obtained from www.nasdaq.com, reflect the high and low bids for our common shares. The high and low bid prices of our common stock for the periods indicated below are as follows: Quarter Ended High Low March 31, 2023 0.20 0.04 December 31, 2022 0.31 0.14 September 30, 2022 0.45 0.15 June 30, 2022 0.32 0.05 March 31, 2022 0.06 0.05 December 31, 2021 0.09 0.05 September 30, 2021 0.10 0.07 June 30, 2021 0.11 0.05 (1) Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. Holders As of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 153 holders of record of our common stock and 141,736,143 common shares issued and 131,764,348 outstanding. Our transfer agent is Transfer Online, Inc. Its mailing address is 512 SE Salmon Street, Portland, OR, 97214 and its telephone number is (503) 227-2950. Equity Compensation Plans We have adopted a 2015 Stock Option Plan (the 2015 Plan which was amended in the year ending March 31, 2020 under which we are authorized to issue up to a maximum of 10,000,000 incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options to our directors, officers, employees and consultants. The 2015 Plan authorizes the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, to grant awards of incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options upon such terms and conditions as the Board may determine. We currently have 1,430,000 options issued and outstanding under our 2015 Stock Option Plan (amended March 9, 2020) which have been granted to two key officers and directors and plus three consultants. Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities On July 9, 2020, the Company increased its authorized shares to 550,000,000 consisting of 50,000,000 preferred shares and 500,000,000 common shares all at par value 0.001. Preferred Stock On July 10, 2019, the Company filed an amended articles of Incorporation designating 1,500,000 shares of preferred stock as Series A non-voting Convertible preferred shares convertible into common stock at four shares of common for each one share of preferred. 19 Table of Contents During the year ended March 31, 2021 the Company issued 740,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and 3,700,000 warrants; 640,000 for 640,000 in cash and 100,000 for debt. The stock is convertible into common stock at 10 cents per share or 50 of the lowest trading price, whichever is lower 5 days prior to conversion. The Company has the right to convert the shares nine months after the issuance. The warrants are convertible at 0.15 per share within two years of issuance. In addition the Company agreed to filing an S-1 by September 21, 2020 for the common stock to be converted and the underlying common shares for the warrants. The S-1 was filed and has been cancelled after fulfilling the requirements on the shares converted. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued 1,968,363 shares of common stock for the conversion of 54,130 shares of preferred stock. As of March 31, 2023 there were zero preferred shares outstanding. Common Stock During the year ended March 31, 2022 two officers and a director converted 128,333 of accrued payables into 2,407,010 shares of common stock. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued 540,000 shares of Common stock to an individual for account payable with a value of 27,000. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock with a value of 5,250 for service During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued 1,968,363 shares of common stock for the conversion of 54,130 shares of preferred stock. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued 1,513,719 shares of common stock with a value of 110,835 to three related parties for service. During the year ended March 31, 2023 the Company issued 37,700 shares of common stock with a value of 9,275 for accounts payable. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock for clinical consulting with a value of 60,000. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company 4,200,000 shares of common stock for the conversion of 4,200,000 warrants with a value of 208,000 received in cash. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued 3,815,414 shares of common stock with a value of 624,320 to three related parties for service. During the year ended March 31, 2023 the Company issued 11,398,059 shares of common stock with a value of 1,023,975 for the conversion of debt and accrued interest. The Company relied upon exemptions from registration of these securities issuances pursuant to Regulation D and Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 20 Table of Contents ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION OVERVIEW The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report, particularly in the section entitled "Risk Factors". Our consolidated financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Results of Operations The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, which are included herein. Expenses Operating expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023 were 2,155,757 including research and development costs of 270,529, phase 1 clinical trials of 383,688, general and administrative expenses of 389,767 and consulting of 1,096,245 compared to the year ended March 31, 2022 in which our operating expenses were 1,457,052 with research and development costs of 197,406, consulting of 547,933 and general and administrative costs of 379,424, Operating expenses increased in the year ended March 31, 2023 over the same period in 2022 by 698,705 due primarily to the increase in consulting expenses in 2023 over 2022. Other expense totaled 645,212 for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to other expense of 13,338 for the same period in 2022. Other income consisted of change in fair value of 1,054,786, Original debt discount to interest of 156,229, interest expense of 1,566,919 and debt forgiveness of 28,000 in the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to interest expense of 48,004, gain in debt forgiveness of 5,000, finance costs of 151,150, original debt discount to interest of 287,979 and a change in fair value of 468,823 for the same period in 2022. Revenue, Net Income and Loss The Company recorded no revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023 and revenue of 1,000,000 from the initial payment from the sale of a license agreement during the year ended March 31, 2022. Our net loss for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 2,800,969 compared to a net loss of 470,390 during the year ended March 31, 2022. The increase in net loss for the year ended March 31, 2023 is due to increased consulting expense compared to the March 31, 2022 year end along with the license payments of 1,000,000 in the year ended March 31, 2022. Our operations to date have been financed by the sale of our common stock and initial payments of a licenses sale. Our largest expenses to date have been research and development, IND filings and tests required for the filing and consulting fees. The research and development costs in 2023 increased from research and development costs in 2022 of 197,406 to 270.529. We do not anticipate generating revenues in the foreseeable future other than future licenses sales or additional payments from licenses in effect, and any revenues that we generate may not be sufficient to cover our operating expenses. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, we may have to cease operations and you may lose your entire investment. 21 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources At March 31, 2023 we had cash of 172,186 and prepaid of 82,816 compared to cash of 94,414 and prepaid of 11,000 in the same period in 2022. Our accounts payable and accrued expense at March 31, 2023 was 498,122 consisting of 427,653 in accounts payable and 70,469 in accrued expense as compared to 776,890 in accounts payable as of March 31, 2022 consisting of accounts payable of 704,890 and accrued expense of 72,000 in the same period in 2022. Other liabilities include convertible notes of 389,591, net of discount and derivative liability of 663,426 as of March 31, 2023 compared to zero for both categories int the same period in 2022. We have limited revenues from a license sale to satisfy our ongoing liabilities, however it is not known how much and the timing of the receipts of revenue. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. Unless we secure additional equity or debt financing, of which there can be no assurance, we may not be able to continue any operations. Working Capital Our total current assets, as of March 31, 2023, consisted of 255,002 in cash and prepaid as compared to total current assets of 172,186 consisting of cash and prepaid of 82,816. This compares to 94,313 in cash and 11,000 in prepaid for a total of 105,414 in the same period in 2022. Our total current liabilities as of March 31, 2023 were 1,551,139 as compared to total current liabilities of 776,890 as of March 31, 2022. The increase in current liabilities in the year ended March 31, 2023 over the same period in 2022 was primarily attributed to the addition of convertible notes of 389,591 and derivative liability of 663,426 in the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to zero for both categories in the same period in 2022. As of March 31, 2023 the Company s negative working capital was 1,296,137 compared to negative working capital of 671,476 as of March 31, 2021. The higher negative working capital from 2023 over 2022 can be attributed to the addition of the convertible notes and derivative liability offset by lower accounts payable and accrued expenses in 2023 over 2022. Cash Flows Operating Activities Cash used in operating activities was 1,787,228 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to cash provided by operating activities of 413,479 in the year ended March 31, 2022. The increase in cash provided by operating activities as of March 31, 2022 is attributed to the collection of accounts receivable of 750,000 along with a lower net loss due to the revenue from the licenses agreement in 2022 over 2023. Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities was zero for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was 1,865,000 compared to cash used in financing activities of 320,500 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 The cash provided by financing activities in 2023 was due to proceeds from convertible notes of 1,932,000 offset by repayment of convertible notes of 275,000 and proceeds from proceeds from conversion of warrants of 208,000 compared to proceeds from convertible notes of 200,000 offset by repayment of convertible notes of 520,500 in the year ended March 31, 2022 22 Table of Contents Cash Requirements We will require additional funds to fund our budgeted expenses over the next 12 months. These funds may be raised through equity financing, debt financing, or other sources, which may result in further dilution in the equity ownership of our shares. There is still no assurance that we will be able to maintain operations at a level sufficient for investors to obtain returns on their investments in our common stock. Further, we may continue to be unprofitable. We need to raise additional funds in the immediate future in order to proceed with our budgeted expenses including the clinical trials of our product. Going Concern The financial statements accompanying this report have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that our company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company has limited licenses revenues and has not paid any dividends and is unlikely to pay dividends or generate earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. The continuation of our company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from our shareholders, the ability of our company to obtain necessary equity financing to achieve our operating objectives, and the attainment of profitable operations. As of March 31, 2023, our company has accumulated deficit of 21,622,775 and a working capital deficit of 1,296,137. We do not have sufficient working capital to enable us to carry out our stated plan of operation for the next twelve months. Due to the uncertainty of our ability to meet our current operating expenses and the capital requirements noted below in their report on the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 our independent auditors, included an explanatory paragraph regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosures describing the circumstances that lead to this disclosure by our independent auditors. The continuation of our business is dependent upon us raising additional financial support. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. Future Financings We will require additional financing of an estimated 18,000,000 to enable us to proceed with our plan of operations, including completion of phase 2 clinical trials plus presentation of data to the FDA to proceed to phase 3 clinical trials. These cash requirements are more than our current cash and working capital resources. Accordingly, we will require additional financing to continue operations and to repay our liabilities. There is no assurance that any party will advance additional funds to us to enable us to sustain our plan of operations or to repay our liabilities. We anticipate continuing to rely on equity sales of our common stock to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to our existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of our equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our planned business activities. We presently do not have any arrangements for additional financing for the expansion of our exploration operations, and no potential lines of credit or sources of financing are currently available for proceeding with our plan of operations. If we are unable to raise the funds that we require to execute our plan of operation, we intend to scale back our operations commensurately with the funds available to us. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements. ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 23 Table of Contents ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. Financial statements are audited and included in this Form 10-K as an exhibit and are incorporated herein by this reference. ITEM 9: CHANGE IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures For purposes of this section, the term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective because of the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, which is identified below, which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting We have not made any changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2023 and there are material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. We lack full time personnel in accounting and financial staff to sufficiently monitor and process financial transactions in an efficient and timely manner. This allows for insufficient segregation of duties and a lack of multiple levels of supervision and review. Our history of losses has severely limited our budget to hire and train enough accounting and financial personnel needed to adequately provide this function. Consequently, we lacked sufficient technical expertise, reporting standards and written policies and procedures. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. This Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting because the attestation report requirement has been removed for smaller reporting companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION None 24 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following individuals serve as the directors and executive officers of our company as of the date of this annual report. All directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The executive officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation, or removal from office. Name Position Held with Our Company Age Date First Elected or Appointed Sean Carrick President, Secretary, and Director 55 July, 2014 Doug Karas Independent Director 60 April, 2016 Lowell Holden Chief Financial Officer and Director 80 July, 2014 Business Experience The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. The business experience during the past five years of the person presently listed above as an Officer or Director of the Company is as follows: Lowell Holden Chief Financial Officer and Director - Lowell Holden has been the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since May of 2014. Since 1983, Mr. Holden has owned and operated his own consulting firm, LS Enterprises, Inc., which provides business consulting, accounting, and other services to businesses. Mr. Holden has a broad range of business experience including managing, securing financing, structuring of transactions, and is experienced and knowledgeable in managing relationships with customers, financing institutions and stockholders. Presently Mr. Holden serves as the Chief Financial Officer of Skkynet Cloud Systems, Inc (SKKY) and Chief Financial Officer and director of EMR Technology, and director of PTS, Inc (PTSH). Mr. Holden also has a background in assisting companies in fulfilling their financial auditing and SEC reporting requirements. Mr. Lowell Holden has a Bachelor of Science degree from Iowa State University. 25 Table of Contents Sean Carrick President and Director - Sean Carrick brings to Nascent a career that spans more than 25 years of experience building and leading successful medical device, Pharmaceutical and Biotech companies in large, mid-cap and venture-backed stages. Previously, Mr. Carrick served as President of Silver Star Mining Corporation from January 1, 2013 to November 2013 where he was responsible for all business management and strategic direction. Prior to Silverstar, Mr. Carrick served as Director of Sales, Southern US, from August 2010 through November 2012 at Maquet Medical Systems and Florida Director of Sales at the Linvatec Division of Conmed Corporation (December 2007 through July 2010). Mr. Carrick holds a BS Degree in Economics and Business Administration from Duquesne University and strategic leadership and management certificates from the Cogency Group, Eckerd College and Maquet Medical Systems. Mr. Carrick is also a director of EMR Technology Solutions, Inc. Douglas J. Karas Independent Director - Douglas J. Karas served as Vice President, Performance Analysis, and Investment Risk for Franklin Templeton Companies LLC. Mr. Karas is responsible for investment Regulatory Governance, GIPS Compliance, Fund Board, Sales and Marketing support. Mr. Karas brings cross-functional leadership and collaboration with a strong customer service focus at all organizational levels. Mr. Karas is an Affiliate member of the Tampa Bay CFA Society. Mr. Karas has been with Franklin Templeton Investments for 18 years. Prior to this position, he was the director- Financial Business Processes Systems and was responsible for the firm s corporate finance applications including treasury, accounting, corporate and fund taxation and corporate development and planning. He has extensive operations management, consulting, risk and regulatory compliance, re-engineering, project management, and system development experience. Previous positions with Franklin Templeton include senior manager financial operations, manager financial program management office and manager treasury accounting control compliance. Mr. Karas experience cuts across operations and applications and he has exposure to treasury cash, deal and risk; revenue calculations and recognition; external and internal financial reporting (including 10-K/10-Q, Business Line Profitability, Transfer Pricing and Fund Profitability), financial instruments (dollar rolls, derivatives, ABS and MBS- Security set-up and Maintenance, Pricing, Revenue Recognition, etc.); and Procedures of Portfolio Managers and Investment Advisors in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933 and 1934, Investment Company and Investment Advisor Acts of 1940. Prior to joining Franklin Templeton, Mr. Karas held positions with Transamerica Life Companies and Federated Investors. Mr. Karas graduated with a B.S. in business, accounting from the University of Pittsburgh and is a Certified Public Accountant. Identification of Significant Employees As of the date of this Report, other than our current directors and officers, we have no other full-time or part-time employees. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) require our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our Class A common stock to file reports of their ownership and changes in ownership of our Class A common stock with the SEC. Based solely upon a review of copies of such forms filed on Forms 3, 4, and 5, and amendments thereto furnished to us, we determined that none of the directors, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 10 of our common stock failed to file a report on a timely basis during the year ended March 31, 2023. Name Position Filed Reports Timely Sean Carrick Officer, Director Yes Douglas Karas Director Yes Lowell Holden Officer, Director Yes 26 Table of Contents Committees of the Board All proceedings of our board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Incorporation laws of the state of Nevada and the bylaws of our company, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. Our company currently does not have nominating, compensation committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our company have a written nominating, compensation, or audit committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our directors. Our company does not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The directors believe that, given the early stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. Our directors assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert Our audit committee consists of our outside director Douglas Karas who serves as Chairman of the committee and sole member. Mr. Karas is a Certified Public Account. Our board of directors has determined that none of the members of our audit committee qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K and is "independent" as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The audit committee along with the board of directors approves the retaining of the Independent Public Account Firm. When annual meets are held the firm is approved by the shareholders. At such meeting, representatives of the firm are invited to attend and interact with shareholders present through their independent statements plus answer appropriate questions from the shareholders in attendance. Continued engagement of the appointed Independent Registered Accounting Firm continues until the audit committee along with the board of directors makes a recommendation for change. We believe that the members of our board of directors, which includes the audit committee chairman, are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. In addition the audit committee and the board of directors reviews all correspondence from the audit firm along with qualifications and any changes in the personnel on the audit. The audit committee meets and or corresponds though the board members with the audit firm as needed. Code of Ethics We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all of our directors, officers, employees, and consultants, which is a code of ethics as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative, or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of our Code of Ethics to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or certain other finance executives, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 27 Table of Contents ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The following tables sets for the compensation cash and accrual for all officers and directors during the past three years: DIRECTORS and OFFICERS - COMPENSATION Name and Principal Position Annual compensation Long-term compensation Year Salary ) Bonus ) Other annual compen -sation ) Awards Payouts All other compen- sation ) Total Compensation Restricted stock award(s) ) Securities under- lying options/ SARs (#) LTIP payouts ) Sean Carrick President-Director(2) 2023 2022 252,000 252,000 -- - - -- -- - - - - - - 252,000 252,000 Lowell Holden(1) CFO, Director 2023 2022 180,000 180,000 -- - - -- - - - - - - -- 180,000 180,000 Douglas (3) Karas, Director 2023 2022 20,000 20,000 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 20,000 20,000 For the year ended March 31, 2023: (1) The Chief Financial Officers was paid 180,000 in cash. (2) The President and Chief Executive Officer was paid 252,000 in cash. (3) The director of the Company was paid 20,000 in director fees which was paid in stock. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has no other Executive Compensation issues which would require the inclusion of other mandated table disclosures. Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table There are employment contracts, with our executive officers, that could result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with our company, or its subsidiaries, or any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of our company. Stock Option Plan We have adopted a 2015 Stock Option Plan (the 2015 Plan under which we are authorized to issue up to a maximum of 1,500,000 incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options to our directors, officers, employees, and consultants. The 2015 Plan was approved by our stockholders. On March 8, 2020, the Board of Director under their authorization of the Bylaws of the Company increased the authorized options to 10,000,000. The 2015 Plan authorizes the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, to grant awards of incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options upon such terms and conditions as the Board may determine. The Board of Directors administer the 2015 Plan. 28 Table of Contents As of March 31, 2023, the Company has 1,430,000 options issued and outstanding under our Stock Option Plan which have been granted to two officers and directors and three consultants. Each of the foregoing individuals has been awarded options which will vest in equal annual installments over a four year period with the first 20 vesting at the date of grant. All the options are exercisable between 0.18 and 0.50 per share. The following table sets forth outstanding options and holders as of March 31, 2023: Recipient Title Number Options Sean Carrick Officer and Director 375,000 Lowell Holden Officer and Director 375,000 Employees and consultants as a group -- 680,000 Total 1,430,000 Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 10,000,000 -- 8,570,000 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders -- -- -- Total 10,000,000 -- 8,570,000 The Company utilizes the shares available under the Plan described above to issue shares of stock as compensation to employees, consultants and officers and directors. At the end of each quarter, the Board of Directors of the Company determines the number of shares to be issued pursuant to the Plan. Compensation of Directors We reimburse our directors for expenses incurred in connection with attending board meetings. We pay our independent director 5,000 per quarter either in cash or stock for being a director. Directors who are officers of the Company do not receive compensation for being directors. We have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors, although such directors have received stock options to purchase common shares as awarded by our board of directors. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our board of directors. No director received and/or accrued any cash compensation for their services as a director, including committee participation and/or special assignments. The directors have been awarded an aggregate of 750,000 options for the efforts as directors. Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 29 Table of Contents ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of common stock owned beneficially as of March 31, 2023 by: (i) each of our directors; (ii) each of our named executive officers; and (iii) each person or group known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed below possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock they own. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (1) Common Douglas Karas- Director 631 US Hwy 1 Suite 407 N Palm Beach, FL 33408 1,575,767 1.19 Common Lowell Holden CFO Director (1) 631 US Hwy 1 Suite 407 N Palm Beach, FL 33408 10,279,277 7.80 Common Dr Robert D Burke 5 shareholder 631 US Hwy 1 Suite 407 N Palm Beach, FL 33408 21,272,889 16.14 Common Sean Carrick President, Secretary Director 6631 US Hwy 1 Suite 407 N Palm Beach, FL 33408 Sid Lorio 5 shareholder 19,233,607 14,60 Common 631 US Hwy 1 Suite 407 North Palm Beach, FL 33408 8,281,249 6.28 All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 23.59 (1) Mr. Holden holds 8,279,277shares directly and 2, 000,000 shares indirectly We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement or provisions of our Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our company. There are not any provisions in our Articles or Bylaws, the operation of which would delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of our company. ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. On September 1, 2020, the Company entered five-year compensation agreements with two of its officers and directors. Under the terms of the agreements the Company issued shares of common stock to the officers and directors equaling 18 of the outstanding shares of the Company as additional future shares are issued. The officers and directors are entitled to additional future shares, so their aggregate ownership percentage remains at 18 of the future outstanding shares of the Company. In addition, the officers ae entitled to future bonuses including a signing bonus totaling 170,000 which was accrued during the period ending March 31, 2022 plus additional bonuses based on their performance. Officer and Director Fiscal Year Annualized Compensation Base Being Paid Non-dilutive shares percentage President and CEO (2) 252,000 12 Chief Financial Officer (1) 180,000 6 Director (3) 20,000 -- Total 592,000 18 30 Table of Contents For the year ended March 31, 2023: (1) The Chief Financial Officers was paid 180,000 in cash. (2) The President and Chief Executive Officer was paid 252,000 in cash. (3) The director of the Company was paid 20,000 in director fees which was paid in common stock of the Company. The following table sets forth the shares earned under these contracts from inception through year ended March 31, 2023: Officer and Director Initial Share Awards Under the Contracts Additional Shares Earned to Maintain Ownership Percentage Total Shares Earned President 1,028,910 10,052,269 11,081,179 Chief Financial Officer 617,346 5,258,723 5,876,069 Total 1,646,256 15,310,992 16,957,248 As of March 31, 2023, there was no accrued liabilities due to officers and directors. In December 2021, an officer of the Company advanced the Company 21,220, 14,220 for accounts payable and 7,000 in cash. The Company repaid the advance on February 9, 2022. During the year ended March 31, 2022 two officers and a director converted 128,333 of accrued payables into 2,407,010 shares of common stock. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued 540,000 shares of Common stock to an individual for account payable with a value of 27,000. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock with a value of 5,250 for service. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued 1,968,363 shares of common stock for the conversion of 54,130 shares of preferred stock. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued 1,513,719 shares of common stock with a value of 110,835 to three related parties for service. During the year ended March 31, 2023 the Company issued 3,815,414 shares of common stock with a value of 624,320 to three related parties for service. Except as described above, none of the following persons has any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction to which we are a party during the past two years, or in any proposed transaction to which our company is proposed to be a party: A. any director or officer; B. any proposed nominee for election as a director; C. any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the voting rights attached to our common stock; or D. any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same house as such person or who is a director or officer of any parent or subsidiary. 31 Table of Contents Board Independence As currently constituted and applying the rules of NASDAQ one of the members of our Board of Directors is independent. We are committed to eventually establishing a board in which a majority of our members consist of independent directors, as defined under the NASDAQ rules. Our ability to implement this goal will depend upon the growth of the Company and our ability to attract and compensate strategic persons willing to serve in that function. We currently act with three directors, consisting of Lowell Holden, Doug Karas and Sean Carrick. We have a standing but not independent audit committee except for our one independent director, Doug Karas , but not a standing compensation or nominating committee, for which our entire board of director s act in such capacities. We believe that our members of our board of directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICE. The following table presents for the fiscal year March 31, 2023 the aggregate fees billed in connection with the audits of our financial statements and other professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting . 2023 2022 Audit fees 32,250 28,250 Audit related fees -- -- Tax fees -- -- All other fees -- -- Audit fees represent the professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our financial statements included in quarterly reports, along with services normally provided by the accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-related fees represent professional services rendered for assurance and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported under audit fees. Tax fees represent professional services rendered by the accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All other fees represent fees billed for products and services provided by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for in the other categories. 32 Table of Contents ITEM 15: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SECHEDULES. (a) Financial Statements (1) Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description (31) Section 302 Certifications 31.1 Section 302 Certification under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer (32) Section 906 Certification 32.1 Section 906 Certification under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 101 Interactive Data Files 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 33 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. NASCENT BIOTECH INC. (Registrant) Dated: June 29, 2023 By: /s/ Sean Carrick Sean Carrick, President Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: June 29, 2023 By: /s/ Sean Carrick Sean Carrick, President, Secretary and Director Dated: June 29, 2023 By: /s/ Douglas Karas Douglas Karas, Independent Director Dated: June 29, 2023 By: /s/ Lowell Holden Lowell Holden, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 34 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Nascent Biotech, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nascent Biotech, Inc. the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit, net losses, and negative cash flows from operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 35 Table of Contents Derivatives on Convertible Loans Description of the Critical Audit Matter As discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, several convertible notes have been issued that qualify for derivative accounting. Auditing management's considerations related to the determination of the fair value of the derivative liabilities was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimates and assumptions required in determining the fair value of the derivatives on convertible loans. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to evaluating the Company s accounting for derivatives on convertible loans and related accounts included the following, among others: Independently confirmed notes payable and related terms of conversion with third party note holders. Performed independent assessment of the appropriateness of the assumptions and estimates used by management to determine the fair value of the derivatives on convertible loans. Assessed completeness and appropriateness of management's significant accounting policies disclosed related to derivatives on convertible loans. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. (PCAOB ID: June 29, 2023 36 Table of Contents NASCENT BIOTECH, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF MARCH 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid Total current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expense Convertible note- net of discount Derivative liability Total current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, authorized, zero Series A issued and outstanding, respectively Common stock, par value, authorized, and issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity (deficit) Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 37 Table of Contents NASCENT BIOTECH, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 2022 Revenue Operating expenses: Consulting expense General and administrative expense Clinical trials Research and development Total operating expense Income (loss) from operations Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense Finance costs Gain on debt forgiveness Original interest debt discount Gain on change in fair value of derivative liabilities Total other income (expense) Net income (loss) before income tax Income tax Net income (loss) Net income (loss) per share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 38 Table of Contents NASCENT BIOTECH, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 Preferred Shares Common Stock Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Balance at March 31, 2021 Common stock for service - Common stock to related parties for service - Common stock to related parties for conversion of payables - Common stock for conversion of payables - Common stock issued for the conversion of preferred shares Net loss - - Balance at March 31, 2022 - Common stock issued for service - Common stock issued for conversion of payables - Common stock issued to related party for service - Common stock issued for the conversion of debt - Common stock issued for the conversion of warrants - Warrants issued with convertible notes - - Stock option expense - - Net loss - - Balance at March 31, 2023 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 39 Table of Contents NASCENT BIOTECH, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock based compensation Stock based compensation- related parties (Gain) loss on fair value of derivative liabilities Debt discount amortization Loss on convertible notes Stock option expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to related parties Net provided by (cash used) in operating activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from convertible note Common stock issued for the exercise of warrants Repayment of convertible notes ) Net cash provided by used in) financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash beginning of year Cash end of year SUPPLEMENT DISCLOSURES: Interest paid Income taxes paid NON MONETARY TRANSACTIONS Common stock issued for payables related parties Common stock issued for retiring preferred shares - Common stock issued for convertible debt Common stock issued for accounts payable Initial discount from derivatives The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 40 Table of Contents NASCENT BIOTECH, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS shares of its common stock for all the outstanding shares of Nascent Biotech, Inc. In addition, Jin-En cancelled shares of its common stock. Prior to the merger Jin-En had shares outstanding. Jin-En changed its name to Nascent Biotech, Inc. Jin-En had of net liabilities at the date of the merger. The Company is actively developing its primary asset Pritumumab for the treatment of brain cancer and pancreatic cancer. Nascent is also actively researching other cancers that have a high probability of benefiting from the therapeutic effects of Pritumumab because they share a common target. Nascent is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that focuses on biologic drug candidates that are preparing for initial clinical testing for the treatment of brain and pancreatic cancer. The Company has completed its phase one trial and submitted the data and protocol to the FDA on March 17, 2023 for review to commence phase 2 clinical trials. Once approval has been received from the FDA, the Company will commence its phase 2 clinical trials. Principles of Consolidation Cash and Cash Equivalents Use of Estimates 41 Table of Contents Accounts receivable Stock-Based Compensation Research and Development Expense 42 Table of Contents to years), beginning when the asset is available and ready for use. Expenditures associated with upgrades and enhancements that improve, add functionality, or otherwise extend the life of property and equipment are capitalized, while expenditures that do not, such as repairs and maintenance, are expensed as incurred. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, depreciation expense totaled zero, respectively. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Income Taxes Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share Fair Value of Financial Instruments 43 Table of Contents Change in fair value at initial issuance Change in fair value of the derivative Balance at March 31, 2022 Change in fair value at initial issuance and conversion Change in fair value at conversion Change in fair value of the derivative Balance at March 31, 2023 and an accumulated deficit of as of March 31, 2023. The Company does not have a source of revenue to cover its operating costs. These factors raise substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company will engage in research and development activities that must be satisfied in cash secured through outside funding. The Company will offer noncash consideration and seek equity lines as a means of financing its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain revenue producing contracts or financing or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur, it may substantially curtail or terminate its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances, acquisitions or other arrangements that may dilute the interests of existing stockholders. 44 Table of Contents . In addition, the officers ae entitled to future bonuses including a signing bonus totaling plus additional bonuses based on their performance. Chief Financial Officer (1) Director (3) Total For the year ended March 31, 2023: (1) The Chief Financial Officers was paid in cash. (2) The President and Chief Executive Officer was paid . (3) The director of the Company was paid in director fees which was paid in stock. The following table sets forth the shares earned under these contracts from inception through year ended March 31, 2023: Chief Financial Officer Total As of March 31, 2023, the Company had zero due to officers and directors. In December 2021, an officer of the Company advanced the Company , for accounts payable and in cash. The Company repaid the advance on February 9, 2022. During the year ended March 31, 2022 two officers and a director converted of accrued payables into shares of common stock. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of to three related parties for service. During the year ended March 31, 2023 the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of to three related parties for service. 45 Table of Contents per month for months. In addition, the Company will pay the consultant an additional during the term of the agreement at the Company s discretion. In return, the consultant forgave all royalty payments plus any past claims to the product per the previous agreement dated September 21, 2015, plus provide consulting services to the Company as directed by the Company. As of September 20, 2022 the consultant was paid in full. consisting of preferred shares and common shares all at par value . Preferred Stock On July 10, 2019, the Company filed an amended articles of Incorporation designating shares of preferred stock as Series A non-voting Convertible preferred shares convertible into common stock at four shares of common for each one share of preferred. During the year ended March 31, 2021 the Company issued shares of Series A preferred stock and warrants; for 640,000 in cash and for debt. . In addition the Company agreed to filing an S-1 for the common stock to be converted and the underlying common shares for the warrants. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of shares of preferred stock. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022 there we no outstanding preferred shares. Common Stock During the year ended March 31, 2022 two officers and a director converted of accrued payables into shares of common stock. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued shares of Common stock to an individual for account payable with a value of . During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of for service. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of shares of preferred stock. During the year ended March 31, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of to three related parties for service. During the year ended March 31, 2023 the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of for accounts payable. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for clinical consulting with a value of . 46 Table of Contents shares of common stock for the conversion of warrants with a value of received in cash. During the year ended March 31, 2023 , the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of to three related parties for service. During the year ended March 31, 2023 the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of for the conversion of debt and accrued interest. All of the options are exercisable at a purchase price based on the last trading price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and have a term of years. On April 1, 2016, the Company issued options to a consultant under the 2015 option program. The options are exercisable into the Company s common stock at per share, have term of years and vest in equal annual installments with the first installment vesting on the date of grant. This award to a nonemployee is revalued at each reporting period until completion of services. On April 1, 2016, the Company entered a consulting agreement under which the consultant was granted options. In addition, the consultant received additional option grants of options on April 1, 2017 and options on April 1, 2018. The options are exercisable into the Company s common stock at per share, have term of years and vest in equal annual installments with the first installment vesting on the date of grant. On July 20, 2016, the Company granted from the 2015 Option Program options each to three officers and directors for a total of options being granted. The options are exercisable into the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share and were vested and expensed at the date of issuance. The fair value at date of granted was determined to be . On April 1, 2018, the Company granted from the 2015 Option Program options to one consultant. The options are exercisable into the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share and were vested and expensed at the date of issuance. The fair value at date of granted was determined to be . On November 17, 2022 the Company issued options to one individual with an exercise price of per share. The options were fair valued using a volatility of , discount rate of at to be amortized over the year period. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company expensed and zero, respectively related to its option awards. The unrecognized future balance to be expensed over the remaining vesting term of the options is as of March 31, 2023. The following sets forth the options granted and outstanding during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: Granted - - - - - Exercised - - - - - Forfeited - - Outstanding at March 31, 2022 3.80 Granted - - Exercised - - - - - Forfeited - - - - -- Outstanding at March 31, 2023 47 Table of Contents The warrants expire in two years from grant date and are convertible into common stock at per share. The warrants contain an anti-dilution clause which become effective if any instrument is issued after the warrant issuance is converted into common stock at a price lower than the warrant conversion price. The Company used the Black Scholes Pricing model to estimate the fair value of the warrants as of grant date, using the following key inputs: market prices of the Company s common stock at dates of grant between - per share, conversion price of , volatility of - and discount rate of - . Based on the fair value of the common stock of and value of the warrants of the fair value of the warrants was calculated to be 41 of the total value or . During the year ended March 31, 2021 the valuation resulted in a deemed dividend from the down round calculation of with a recalculated conversion price change to 0.04 per share. On April 7, 2022, the Company issued warrants as part of a convertible note issued the same date. The Company used the Black Scholes Pricing model to estimate the fair value of the warrants as of grant date using the following key inputs; market prices of the Company s stock at date of grant of per share, conversion price of per share, volatility of and discount of . The fair value of the warrants were calculated to be and was used to allocate the proceeds to the two elements based on the relative fair value of the debt instruments without the warrants and of the warrants at the time of issuance. The portion of the proceeds were allocated to the warrants of is accounted for as paid in capital. As of March 31, 2023 the warrants were converted into shares of common stock with a value of 60,000. On August 31, 2022 the Company issued warrants as part of a convertible note issued the same date. The Company used the Black Scholes Pricing model to estimate the fair value of the warrants as of grant date using the following key inputs; market prices of the Company s stock at date of grant of per share, conversion price of per share, volatility of and discount of . The fair value of the warrants were calculated to be and was used to allocate the proceeds to the two elements based on the relative fair value of the debt instruments without the warrants and of the warrants at the time of issuance. The portion of the proceeds that were allocated to the warrants of is accounted for as paid in capital. On September 2, 2022 the Company issued warrants as part of a convertible note issued the same date. The Company used the Black Scholes Pricing model to estimate the fair value of the warrants as of grant date using the following key inputs; market prices of the Company s stock at date of grant of per share, conversion price of per share, volatility of and discount of . The fair value of the warrants were calculated to be and was used to allocate the proceeds to the two elements based on the relative fair value of the debt instruments without the warrants and of the warrants at the time of issuance. The portion of the proceeds were allocated to the warrants of is accounted for as paid in capital. The weighted average remaining life and intrinsic value of the warrants as of March 31, 2023 was. 0.00 Granted .00 Exercised - - Expired - - Outstanding at March 31, 2022 Granted Exercised - Expired - - Outstanding at March 31, 2023 48 Table of Contents warrants outstanding. and respectively. Components of net deferred tax assets, including a valuation allowance, are as follows at March 31, 2023 and 2022: Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets In assessing the recovery of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As a result, management determined it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets would not be realized as of March 31, 2023. Based on the recent change in corporation tax rates the Company calculated the deferred tax asset for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 at . The Company, due to its losses, has not filed US Corporate tax returns and is subject to examination back to March 31, 2015. one year convertible note. The note was convertible into common stock at the lesser of per share or of the lowest closing bid five days prior to conversion. On July 7, 2020, of the one year convertible note payable was converted into shares of series A preferred. On October 28, 2020, the Company issued a convertible note with an OID of . The note matures on and bears interest at per annum. . On April 20, 2021, note was paid with the principal of , accrued interest of and financing costs of . On November 11, 2020, the Company issued a convertible note with an OID of . The note matures on with a fixed interest of . . On April 22, 2021, the note was paid consisting of principal of , accrued interest of and finance costs of . 49 Table of Contents convertible note with an OID of . The note matures on , and bears fixed interest of . . On August 16, 2021, the note was paid consisting of principal of , accrued interest of and financing costs off . On August 10, 2021, the Company issued a convertible note. The note matures on , and bears fixed interest of . . On March 28, 2022, the Note was paid consisting of in principal, accrued interest of and financing costs of . On April 7, 2022, the Company issued a convertible note with an OID of 25,000. The note matures on , bears fixed interest of plus contains a most favored nations statement. . On September 9, 2022 the note was paid with the note principal of , interest of and premium of for a total of . On August 31, 2022 the Company entered into an agreement with an unrelated third party for convertible debentures totaling . The first was paid at closing with the second paid on September 20, 2022, upon filing of an S-1 Registration, and the third paid on September 27, 2022, upon the S-1 becoming effective. Each debenture matures one year from date of issuance. The interest rate for each debenture is six percent (6 per annum and the . The Company also issued a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock for a period of two years, expiring on , at an exercise price of per share. As part of the agreement the Company filed an S-1 registration statement registering the underlying common shares for the debenture conversion and the warrants. The initial derivatives were calculated for each debenture as follows: 1. Debenture 1- risk free interest of , volatility of and expected life of .00 years 2. Debenture 2- risk free interest of , volatility of and expected life of .00 years 3. Debenture 3- risk free interest of , volatility of and expected life of .00 years During the period ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of for the conversion of of convertible note and in interest, leaving a balance due of of convertible notes plus accrued interest. On September 2, 2022 the Company entered into an agreement with an unrelated third party for convertible debentures totaling . The first was paid at closing with the second to be paid upon the S-1 becoming effective. Each debenture matures one year from date of issuance. The interest rate for each debenture is six percent (6 per annum and the . The Company also issued a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock for a period of two years, expiring on , at an exercise price of per share. As part of the agreement the Company filed an S-1 registration statement registering the underlying common shares for the debenture conversion and the warrants. The initial derivative was calculated using risk free interest of , volatility of and expected life of year. As of March 31, 2023 the funds for the second debenture had not been received. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of of the convertible note leaving a balance of plus accrued interest. As of March 31, 2023 the second 250,00 had not been paid to the Company. 50 Table of Contents to BioRay Pharmaceutical Co, LTD, (Licensee) licensing Pritumumab internationally with the exclusion of North and Central America and the Caribbean Islands. Upon commercialization by the Licensee, the Company will receive a royalty on net sales for years. As of March 31, 2023 the Company received payments totaling from the license. (See Note 13- Subsequent Events) upon the initiation (first dose/first patient) of the first Phase I clinical trial (or equivalent) of a product. 2. upon the initiation (first dose/first patient) of the first Phase III clinical trial (or equivalent) of a product. 3. payable upon the first BLA approval (or equivalent) of a product. 4. Annual maintenance fee upon completion of phase I manufacturing or the transfer of the cell line from Catalent s control of . 5. As of March 31, 2023 the outstanding amount due the manufacture was . On March 9, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company adapted an expense bonus program. On September 1, 2020, the Company entered five-year compensation agreements with two of its officers and directors. . shares of common stock with a value of for the conversion of of convertible debt and in accrued interest. On May 17, 2023 the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of for the conversion of of convertible debt and in accrued interest. On May 24, 2023 the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of for the conversion of of convertible debt and in accrued interest. On June 6, 2023 the Company signed a mutual agreement with BioRay Pharmaceutical Co to terminate the license agreement, dated March 31, 2021. The termination of the agreement rescinds all rights by BioRay and returns to the Company, the global rights, which had been granted BioRay under the agreement. On May 30, 2023 the Company issued shares with a value of to one individual for service. The Company has evaluated subsequent events to determine events occurring after March 31, 2023 through the date this report was issued there are not events that would have a material impact on the Company s financial results or require disclosure and have determined none exist other than those noted above in this footnote. 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nbio_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nbio_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED CERTIFICATION I, Sean Carrick, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nascent Biotech Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: June 29, 2023 /s/ Sean Carrick Sean Carrick - President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nbio_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nbio_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Lowell Holden, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nascent Biotech Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: June 29, 2023 /s/ Lowell Holden Lowell Holden - Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 nbio_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nbio_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION of CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Nascent Biotech, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Sean Carrick, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge: 1. The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of Nascent Biotech, Inc. Dated: June 29, 2023 /s/ Sean Carrick Sean Carrick -President This certification accompanies the Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 nbio_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nbio_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION of CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Nascent Biotech, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Lowell Holden, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of Nascent Biotech, Inc. Dated: June 29, 2023 /s/ Lowell Holden Lowell Holden - Chief Financial Officer This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nbio-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nbio-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nbio-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nbio-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

