<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_101594_0001493152-23-012144.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8988831</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>373564</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1555415</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3089795</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1733576</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1963651</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012144.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413163118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012144
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			US ENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000101594
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				830205516
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06814
		FILM NUMBER:		23818732

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1616 S. VOSS, SUITE 725
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303 993 3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1616 S. VOSS, SUITE 725
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN STATES MINING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19851229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012144.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

Annual
 report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the Fiscal Year Ended , 

Transition
 report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For
 the transition period from ________________ to _______________ 

Commission
File Number 

U.S.
ENERGY CORP. 

 (Exact
Name of Company as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

Capital Market LLC 
 (Nasdaq
 Capital Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Company was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based upon the closing price
of the shares of common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market as of the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter,
June 30, 2022, was . For purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates, we have assumed
that all outstanding shares are held by non-affiliates, except for shares held by each of our executive officers, directors and 5 or
greater stockholders. In the case of 5 or greater stockholders, we have not deemed such stockholders to be affiliates unless there are
facts and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders exercise any control over our company, or unless they hold 10 or
more of our outstanding common stock. These assumptions should not be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive officers,
directors and 5 or greater stockholders are, in fact, affiliates of our company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed
to be affiliates of our company. Further information concerning shareholdings of our officers, directors and principal shareholders is
included or incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
Registrant had shares of its 0.01 par value common stock outstanding as of April 12, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 
 Glossary of Oil and Natural Gas Terms 
 4 
 
 Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 52 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 52 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 56 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 57 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 57 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 65 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 65 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 66 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 66 
 
 Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 67 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 67 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 67 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 67 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 67 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 96 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 99 
 
 Signatures 
 100 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
information discussed in this Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking
statements. 

Examples
of forward-looking statements in this Annual Report include: 

planned
 capital expenditures for oil and natural gas exploration and environmental compliance; 

potential
 drilling locations and available spacing units, and possible changes in spacing rules; 

cash
 expected to be available for capital expenditures and to satisfy other obligations; 

recovered
 volumes and values of oil and natural gas approximating third-party estimates; 

anticipated
 changes in oil and natural gas production; 

drilling
 and completion activities and opportunities; 

timing
 of drilling additional wells and performing other exploration and development projects; 

expected
 spacing and the number of wells to be drilled with our oil and natural gas industry partners; 

when
 payout-based milestones or similar thresholds will be reached for the purposes of our agreements with our partners; 

expected
 working and net revenue interests, and costs of wells, relating to the drilling programs with our partners; 

actual
 decline rates for producing wells; 

future
 cash flows, expenses and borrowings; 

pursuit
 of potential acquisition opportunities; 

economic
 downturns, wars and increased inflation and interest rates, and possible recessions caused thereby; 

the
 effects of global pandemics on our operations, properties, the market for oil and gas, and the demand for oil and gas; 

our
 expected financial position; 

our
 expected future overhead reductions; 

our
 ability to become an operator of oil and natural gas properties; 

our
 ability to raise additional financing and acquire attractive oil and natural gas properties; and 

other
 plans and objectives for future operations. 

These
forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as may, expect, estimate, 
 project, plan, believe, intend, achievable, anticipate, 
 will, continue, potential, should, could, up to, 
and similar terms and phrases. Though we believe that the expectations reflected in these statements are reasonable, they involve certain
assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Results could differ materially from those anticipated in these statements as a result of numerous
factors discussed below under Summary of Risk Factors , and under Risk Factors , below. 

Finally,
our future results will depend upon various other risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed in Item 1A Risk
Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company,
or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. All forward-looking statements
attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements made above
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

All
forward-looking statements speak only at the date of the filing of this Annual Report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or
revise publicly any forward-looking statements except as required by law, including the securities laws of the United States and the
rules and regulations of the SEC. 

3 

Glossary
of Oil and Natural Gas Terms 

The
following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms commonly used in the oil and natural gas industry and in this report. The
definitions of proved developed reserves, proved reserves and proved undeveloped reserves have been abbreviated from the applicable definitions
contained in Rule 4-10(a) of Regulation S-X. 

API .
The American Petroleum Institute gravity, or API gravity, is a measure of how heavy or light a petroleum liquid is compared to water:
if its API gravity is greater than 10, it is lighter and floats on water; if less than 10, it is heavier and sinks. 

Bbl.
 One stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, used in reference to oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 

Bcfe.
 One billion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent. Natural gas equivalents are determined using the ratio of 6 Mcf of natural gas
to 1 Bbl of oil, condensate or natural gas liquids. 

BOE.
 A barrel of oil equivalent is determined using the ratio of 6 Mcf of natural gas to 1 Bbl of crude oil, condensate or natural gas
liquid. 

Boed .
Barrels of oil equivalent per day. 

Bopd .
Barrels of oil per day. 

Completion.
 The installation of permanent equipment for the production of oil or natural gas, or, in the case of a dry well, the reporting to
the appropriate authority that the well has been abandoned. Completion of the well does not necessarily mean the well will be profitable. 

Developed
Acreage. The number of acres which are allocated or assignable to producing wells or wells capable of production. 

Development
Well. A well drilled within the proved area of an oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be
productive. 

Dry
Well. A well found to be incapable of producing either oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to justify completion as an oil
or gas well. 

Exploratory
Well. A well drilled to find a new field or a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or gas in another
reservoir. 

Gross
Acres or Gross Wells. The total acres or wells, as the case may be, in which we have a working interest. 

Lease
Operating Expenses. The expenses, usually recurring, which pay for operating the wells and equipment on a producing lease. 

Mcf.
 One thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 

Mcfe.
 One thousand cubic feet of natural gas equivalent. Natural gas equivalents are determined using the ratio of 6 Mcf of natural gas
to 1 Bbl of oil, condensate or natural gas liquids. 

MMBtu.
 One million Btu, or British Thermal Units. One British Thermal Unit is the quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of
one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. 

Net
Acres or Net Wells. Gross acres or wells multiplied, in each case, by the percentage working interest we own. 

Net
Production. Production that we own less royalties and production due to others. 

4 

NGL.
 Natural gas liquids. 

Oil.
 Crude oil, condensate or other liquid hydrocarbons. 

Operator.
 The individual or company responsible for the exploration, development, and production of an oil or gas well or lease. 

Pay.
 The vertical thickness of an oil and natural gas producing zone. Pay can be measured as either gross pay, including non-productive
zones or net pay, including only zones that appear to be productive based upon logs and test data. 

Ppb.
 Means pounds per barrel. 

Proved
Developed Reserves. Reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. 

Proved
Reserves. The estimated quantities of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids, which geological and engineering data demonstrate
with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. 

Proved
Undeveloped Reserves. Reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells where
a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. 

PV-10.
 The pre-tax present value of estimated future revenues to be generated from the production of proved reserves calculated in accordance
with SEC guidelines, net of estimated production and future development costs, using prices and costs as of the date of estimation without
future escalation, without giving effect to non-property related expenses such as general and administrative expenses, debt service and
depreciation, depletion and amortization, and discounted using an annual discount rate of 10 . 

Royalty.
 An interest in an oil and natural gas lease that gives the owner of the interest the right to receive a portion of the production
from the leased acreage (or of the proceeds of the sale thereof), but generally does not require the owner to pay any portion of the
costs of drilling or operating the wells on the leased acreage. Royalties may be either landowner s royalties, which are reserved
by the owner of the leased acreage at the time the lease is granted, or overriding royalties, which are usually reserved by an owner
of the leasehold in connection with a transfer to a subsequent owner. 

Standardized
Measure. The after-tax present value of estimated future revenues to be generated from the production of proved reserves calculated
in accordance with SEC guidelines, net of estimated production and future development costs, using prices and costs as of the date of
estimation without future escalation, without giving effect to non-property related expenses such as general and administrative expenses,
debt service and depreciation, depletion and amortization, and discounted using an annual discount rate of 10 . 

Working
Interest. An interest in an oil and natural gas lease that gives the owner of the interest the right to drill for and produce oil
and natural gas on the leased acreage and requires the owner to pay a share of the costs of drilling and production operations. 

WTI .
West Texas Intermediate. 

5 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

General
Information 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), we may rely on and refer to information regarding the oil and gas industry
in general from market research reports, analyst reports and other publicly available information. Although we believe that this information
is reliable, we cannot guarantee the accuracy and completeness of this information, we have not independently verified any of it and
we have not commissioned any of the market or survey data that is presented in this Report. 

Please
see the Glossary above for a list of abbreviations and definitions used throughout this Report. 

Our
fiscal year ends on December 31st. Interim results are presented on a quarterly basis for the quarters ended March 31, June 30, and September
30th, the first quarter, second quarter and third quarter, respectively, with the quarter ending December 31st being referenced herein
as our fourth quarter. Fiscal 2022 means the year ended December 31, 2022, whereas fiscal 2021 means the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to the Company, we, us, our, U.S.
Energy, and U.S. Energy Corp. refer specifically to U.S. Energy Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

In
addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this Report only: 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC 
 or the Commission refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Overview 

U.S.
Energy Corp. was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on January 26, 1966, and reincorporated to Delaware effective on August 3,
2022. We are an independent energy company focused on the acquisition and development of oil and natural gas producing properties in
the continental United States. Our principal properties and operations are in the Rockies region (Montana, Wyoming and North
Dakota), the Mid-Continent (Oklahoma, Kansas and North and East Texas), West Texas, South Texas and Gulf Coast regions. 

We
have historically explored for and produced oil and natural gas through a non-operator business model, however, during 2020 we acquired
operated properties in North Dakota, New Mexico, Wyoming and the Texas Gulf Coast, and on January 5, 2022, we closed the acquisitions
of certain oil and gas properties from three separate sellers, representing a diversified portfolio of primarily operated, producing,
oil-weighted assets located across the Rockies, West Texas, Eagle Ford, and Mid-Continent regions. 

Our
business strategy going forward is to enhance the value of our acquired operated assets through evaluation of selected properties with
the goal of increasing production and reserves. We plan to deploy our capital in a conservative and strategic manner and pursue value-enhancing
transactions. We also continuously evaluate strategic alternative opportunities that we believe will enhance stockholder value. 

Office
Location 

Our
principal executive office is located at 1616 S. Voss Road, Suite 725, Houston, Texas 77057. Our telephone number is (346) 509-8734. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Operations 

We
participate in oil and natural gas projects as both a non-operating working interest owner through exploration and development agreements
with various oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and as an operator. Our working interest varies by project and
may change over time based on the terms of our leases and operating agreements. These projects may result in numerous wells being drilled
over the next three to five years depending on, among other things, commodity prices and the availability of capital resources required
to fund the expenditures. We are also actively pursuing potential acquisitions of exploration, development and production-stage oil and
natural gas properties or companies. Key attributes of our oil and natural gas properties include the following: 

Estimated
 proved reserves of 7,864,801 barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) (65 oil and 35 natural gas) as of December 31, 2022, with a standardized
 measure value of 143.8 million. 

As
 of December 31, 2022, our oil and natural gas leases covered 314,550 gross acres and 170,196 net acres. 

767
 gross (595 net) producing wells as of December 31, 2022. 

1,700
 BOE per day average net production for 2022. 

6 

Recent
Events: 

Acquisition
of Properties 

January
2022 Acquisitions 

On
January 5, 2022 (the Closing Date ), we closed the acquisitions (the Closing contemplated by three separate Purchase and Sale Agreements (as amended to date, the Purchase Agreements ), previously entered into by the
Company on October 4, 2021, with each of (a) Lubbock Energy Partners LLC Lubbock (b) Banner Oil Gas, LLC, Woodford
Petroleum, LLC and Llano Energy LLC (collectively, Banner ), and (c) Synergy Offshore LLC Synergy , and collectively
with Lubbock and Banner, (the Sellers ). 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreements, we acquired certain oil and gas properties from the Sellers, representing a diversified portfolio of primarily
operated, producing, oil-weighted assets located across the Rockies, West Texas, Eagle Ford, and Mid-Continent. The acquisition also
included certain wells, contracts, technical data, records, personal property and hydrocarbons associated with the acquired assets (collectively
with the oil and gas properties acquired, the Acquired Assets ). 

The
purchase price for the Acquired Assets was (a) 125,000 in cash and 6,568,828 shares of our common stock, as to Lubbock; (b) 1,000,000
in cash, the assumption of 3.3 million in liabilities (which were repaid with funds borrowed under the Credit Agreement discussed and
defined below,), and 6,790,524 shares of common stock, as well as the novation of certain hedges which had a mark to market loss of approximately
 3.1 million as of the Closing Date, as to Banner (which were evidenced by the Master Agreement and Schedule, discussed and defined below);
and (c) 125,000 in cash and 6,546,384 shares of common stock, as to Synergy. The aggregate purchase price under all the Purchase Agreements
was 1.25 million in cash, 19,905,736 shares of common stock (the PSA Shares ), the repayment of 3.3 million in debt, as
well as the novation of the hedges discussed above. The initial purchase price was subject to customary working capital and
other adjustments following the Closing. 

Also
on January 4, 2022, we and each of the Sellers entered into a Nominating and Voting Agreement. 

On
and effective on September 16, 2022, the Company, each of the Sellers, and King Oil Gas Company, Inc., which entity is controlled
by Duane H. King, its President and one of our directors King Oil ), WDM Family Partnership, LP, which entity is controlled
by Wallis T. Marsh, its President WDM ), and Katla Energy Holdings LLC, which entity is controlled by John A. Weinzierl,
its Chief Executive Officer and our Chairman Katla Energy ), entered into an Amended and Restated Nominating and Voting
Agreement (the A R Agreement ). The entry into the A R Agreement followed the distribution of certain shares of
common stock originally issued to the Sellers upon the Closing, including the transfer (a) on July 20, 2022, by Synergy of an aggregate
of 6,546,384 shares of common stock of the Company which it held to: King Oil (2,027,399 shares); Katla Energy (1,781,651 shares) and
certain other parties; and (b) on July 19, 2022, by Lubbock of 6,568,828 shares of common stock of the Company which it then held to:
Katla Energy (3,071,914 shares); WDM (3,071,914 shares) and certain other parties (the Transfers ). 

The
A R Agreement amended and restated the prior Nominating and Voting Agreement to include King Oil, WDM and Katla Energy as voting
parties thereunder (each a Voting Party and clarify the Company s change in domicile from Wyoming to Delaware. The
A R Agreement was entered into to better reflect the original intent of the parties to the Nominating and Voting Agreement, that
the voting obligations of the Sellers as set forth therein would also become obligations of any affiliates of the Seller which received
shares of common stock in any distribution of shares by any Sellers. 

The
A R Agreement provides that each of Lubbock, Synergy and Banner (each a Nominating Party has the right to designate
for nomination to the Board two nominees (for so long as such Nominating Party (and its affiliates) beneficially owns at least 15 of
the Company s outstanding common stock) and one nominee (for so long as such Nominating Party (and its affiliates) beneficially
owns at least 5 of the Company s common stock), for appointment at any stockholder meeting or via any consent to action without
meeting of the stockholders of the Company. The A R Agreement also requires the Board to include such nominees in the slate of directors
up for appointment at each meeting of stockholders where directors will be appointed and take other actions to ensure that such persons
are elected to the Board by the stockholders of the Company. 

7 

The
A R Agreement also provides that for the purposes of calculating the percentage ownership of common stock beneficially held by each
Nominating Party, shares of common stock may only be counted once, and may only be deemed beneficially owned by at a maximum, one Nominating
Party and that further, in the event any shares of common stock are beneficially owned (as determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Rule 13d-3 by more than one Nominating Party, such affected Nominating
Parties shall apportion beneficial ownership for the purposes of the A R Agreement equitably, in good faith, and promptly advise
the Company and the other Nominating Parties of such agreed allocations. 

Additionally,
the A R Agreement provides that, for purposes of the Transfers, the parties agreed that the 4,853,565 shares of common stock distributed
by Synergy and Lubbock to Katla Energy (collectively, the Katla Energy Shares would be allocated (a) 36.7 to Synergy;
and (b) 63.3 to Lubbock, solely for the purposes of the calculations relating to the A R Agreement and the determination of Nominating
Party status and that in the event that Katla Energy shall thereafter distribute, sell, or transfer, any of the Katla Energy Shares,
such remaining shares of common stock held by Katla Energy would continue to be allocated, for the purposes of the A R Agreement
and the determination of Nominating Party status, pursuant to the same allocation; provided that if Katla Energy shall thereafter acquire
any additional shares of common stock, such shares shall be apportioned at the time of acquisition equitably by the control persons of
Katla Energy to the appropriate Nominating Party, in each case notwithstanding the fact that such Katla Energy Shares, shall consistent
with the requirements of Rule 13d-3, be deemed beneficially owned by John A. Weinzierl, its Chief Executive Officer, who has voting and
dispositive control over such shares, for the purposes of Rule 13d-3. 

Pursuant
to the A R Agreement, if any Nominating Party s Seller Nominated Party ceases for any reason to serve on the Board, such Seller
Nominated Party will be provided the right to appoint another person to the Board, who shall be appointed to the Board pursuant to the
power to fill vacancies given to the Board without a stockholder vote, by the Bylaws of the Company. 

Notwithstanding
the above, no person is required to be included as a nominee for election or appointment to the Board in the event such person is a Disqualified
Person. A Disqualified Person is a person for whom the Board reasonably determines that the nomination, election or appointment
of, or retention of such person on the Board, as applicable, would (a) violate the listing rules of Nasdaq or the rules and regulations
of the SEC, (b) due to such person s past, affiliations or otherwise, negatively affect the reputation of the Company, negatively
affect the Company s ability to complete future transactions, or disqualify the Company from undertaking any offering under applicable
securities laws, or (c) violate the fiduciary duties that the Board owes to the Company or its stockholders; provided, however, that
 if the Board reasonably determines that any person is unfit for service on the Board for the reasons set forth above, then the applicable
Nominating Party is entitled to designate an alternative or replacement person. 

Further
notwithstanding the above, the non-Nominating Party directors and Nominating Party directors are required to be apportioned between independent 
and non- independent directors as required by the rules of Nasdaq such that the Company continues in compliance with applicable
Nasdaq rules. 

Each
Seller Nominated Person is entitled to the same expense reimbursement and advancement, exculpation, indemnification and insurance in
connection with his or her role as a director as the other members of the Board, as well as reimbursement for documented, reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board or any committee of the Board of which such Seller Nominated Person
is a member, if any, in each case to the same extent as the other members of the Board. We also agreed to continue to maintain directors 
and officers liability insurance coverage with respect to each Seller Nominated Person s service on the Board for a period
of at least six years after each such Seller Nominated Person s service on the Board has concluded. 

At
all times when Lubbock holds at least 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock and its appointee is John A. Weinzierl, each
Seller is required to instruct its appointee on the Board to vote in favor of appointing Mr. Weinzierl as Chairman of the Board. 

During
the term of the A R Agreement, each Seller and each Voting Party, agreed to vote all securities of the Company which they hold in
any manner as may be necessary to nominate and elect (and, if applicable, maintain in office) as a member of the Company s Board,
each of the Seller Nominated Persons and further to not remove any Seller Nominated Persons, unless such person is a Disqualified Person. 

The
A R Agreement continues in effect until the earlier of (a) the date mutually agreed by each of the Sellers; and (b) the date that
no Seller owns at least 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company; subject to certain rights and obligations which
survive termination. Once a Seller s ownership drops below 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock, it no longer has
any right to nominate any person under the A R Agreement, even if such Seller s ownership increases above 5 of the Company s
common stock in the future. Each Voting Party ceases to be bound by the terms of the A R Agreement at such time as the Voting Party
no longer holds any shares of common stock of the Company. 

8 

May
2022 Acquisition 

On
May 3, 2022, the Company acquired certain operated oil and gas producing properties in Liberty County, Texas, adjacent to its existing
assets in the area, for 1.0 million in an all-cash transaction. The effective date of the transaction was April 1, 2022. The assets
include approximately 1,022 acres, which are 100 held by production, a gas pipeline and associated infrastructure. In addition, the
Company assumed suspense accounts of 0.2 million and asset retirement obligations of 0.5 million. The Company accounted for the acquisition
as an asset acquisition. 

June
2022 Acquisition 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the PSA with ETXENERGY, LLC (the Seller ). 

Pursuant
to the PSA, we agreed to acquire all of the Seller s rights to, and interest in, certain operated producing properties totaling
approximately 16,600 net acres, located in Henderson and Anderson Counties, Texas, adjacent to the Company s existing assets in
the area. The acquisition will also include certain wells, pipelines, contracts, technical data, records, personal property and hydrocarbons
associated with the Properties, including two pipeline gathering systems and related infrastructure (collectively with the oil and gas
properties to be acquired, the ETXEnergy Assets ). 

The
PSA closed on July 27, 2022, at which time we acquired the ETXEnergy Assets in consideration for the initial base purchase price of 11.875
million in cash. The effective date of the acquisition was June 1, 2022. 

On
July 26, 2022, in anticipation of the closing of the PSA, we entered into a letter agreement with Firstbank whereby we increased our
borrowing base under the Credit Agreement from 15 million to 20 million, and paid the administrative agent an upfront fee of 32,500
in connection with such increase (the Borrowing Base Increase ). 

Credit
Agreement; Hedging Agreement and Related Transactions 

Credit
Agreement 

Separate
from the January 2022 Closing, but also effective on January 5, 2022, the Company entered into a five-year credit agreement Credit
Agreement with Firstbank Southwest Firstbank as administrative agent for one or more lenders (the Lenders ),
which provides for a revolving line of credit with an initial borrowing base of 15 million, subject to adjustment as discussed in the
Credit Agreement, and redetermination on a semi-annual basis on April 1 st and October 1 st of each year, or in the
interim as provided in the Credit Agreement, and a maximum credit amount of 100,000,000. The borrowing base is subject to semi-annual
redeterminations in April and October of each year until maturity, based on the value of the Company s proved oil and natural gas
reserves in accordance with the lenders customary procedures and practices. The Company and each of its subsidiaries are considered
 Loan Parties under the Credit Agreement. 

Under
the Credit Agreement, revolving loans may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed until January 5, 2026, when all outstanding amounts must
be repaid. 

Interest
on the outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement will accrue at an interest rate equal to the greatest of (a) the prime rate
in effect on such day, and (b) the Federal Funds rate in effect on such day (as determined in the Credit Agreement) plus 0.50 , and an
applicable margin that ranges between 0.25 to 1.25 depending on utilization of the amount of the borrowing base (the Applicable
Margin ). During the first six months of the term, the applicable margin will be 0.75 regardless of utilization. If the Company
fails to deliver a report setting forth its proved oil and natural gas reserves as and when required under the Credit Agreement, the
applicable margin will be 1.25 regardless of utilization. 

9 

In
the event that certain event of defaults (as described under the Credit Agreement) occur, the outstanding amounts will bear an additional
2.00 interest per annum. Accrued interest on each revolving loan is payable in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September
and December. 

The
Credit Agreement may require us to hedge certain oil and gas volumes, based on our utilization of the borrowing base, which hedging
will be accomplished pursuant to the ISDA Master Agreement, discussed below. 

A
total of 3.5 million was borrowed under the Credit Agreement, immediately upon the entry into such Credit Agreement, which was evidenced
by a Note dated January 5, 2022. Such 3.5 million was immediately used to repay 3.3 million of debt owed by Banner which the Company
agreed to assume as part of the Closing. An additional 10.7 million was borrowed under the Credit Agreement to purchase the ETXEnergy
Assets in July 2022. The balance outstanding on the Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 was 12.0 million. 

Separate
from the Closing, but also effective on January 5, 2022, the Company and NextEra entered into an International Swap Dealers Association,
Inc. Master Agreement Master Agreement ), facilitating the Company to enter into derivative and/or hedging transactions Transactions to manage the risk associated with its business relating to commodity prices. The derivative and hedging
transactions will be governed by the Master Agreement, including the related Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement Schedule ).
The Company s obligations to NextEra under the Master Agreement are secured by the collateral which secures the loans under the
Credit Agreement on a pari passu and pro rata basis with the principal of such loans. The structure of the Transactions may include swaps,
caps, floors, collars, locks, forwards and options. 

Activities
with Operating Partners 

We
operate 86 of our reserves as of December 31, 2022. The remaining 14 represents working interests we own as a non-operator in a geographically
and geologically diverse portfolio of oil-weighted prospects in varying stages of exploration and development. Prospect stages range
from prospect origination, including geologic and geophysical mapping, to leasing, exploratory drilling and development. The Company
participates in the prospect stages either for its own account or with prospective partners to enlarge its oil and natural gas lease
ownership base. 

Each
of the operators of our principal prospects has a substantial technical staff. We believe that these arrangements currently allow us
to deliver value to our stockholders without having to build the full staff of geologists, engineers and land personnel required to work
on diverse projects that may involve horizontal drilling in North Dakota, New Mexico, South Texas and West Texas. Consistent with industry
practice with smaller independent oil and natural gas companies, we also utilize specialized consultants with local expertise as needed. 

Environmental
Laws and Regulations 

Environmental
Matters 

Our
operations and properties are subject to extensive and changing federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental
protection, including the generation, storage, handling, emission, transportation and discharge of materials into the environment, and
relating to safety and health. The recent trend in environmental legislation and regulation generally is toward stricter standards, and
this trend will likely continue. These laws and regulations may: 

Require
 the acquisition of a permit or other authorization before construction or drilling commences and for certain other activities; 

Limit
 or prohibit construction, drilling and other activities on certain lands lying within wilderness and other protected areas; and 

Impose
 substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from operations. 

10 

The
permits required for our operations may be subject to revocation, modification and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental authorities
have the power to enforce their regulations, and violations are subject to fines or injunctions, or both. In the opinion of management,
we are in substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations and have no material commitments for capital
expenditures to comply with existing environmental requirements. Nevertheless, changes in existing environmental laws and regulations
or in interpretations thereof could have a significant impact on our company, as well as the oil and natural gas industry in general. 

Comprehensive
Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA . CERCLA and comparable state statutes impose
strict, joint and several liabilities on owners and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for the disposal of
 hazardous substances found at such sites. These persons include the owner or operator of the site where the release occurred,
persons who disposed or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances at the site, and any person who accepted hazardous substances
for transportation to the site. CERCLA authorizes the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), state environmental agencies,
and in some cases third parties, to take actions in response to threats to the public health or the environment and to seek to recover
from the responsible classes of persons the costs they incur. It is not uncommon for the neighboring landowners and other third parties
to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. Although
CERCLA currently excludes petroleum from its definition of hazardous substance, state laws affecting our operations may
impose clean-up liability relating to petroleum and petroleum related products. 

Waste
Handling . The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and comparable state statutes regulate the generation,
transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, and cleanup of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. Under the auspices of the United States
Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), individual states administer some or all of the provisions of RCRA, sometimes in
conjunction with their own, more stringent requirements. Drilling fluids, produced water, and most of the other wastes associated with
the exploration, development, and production of oil or gas are currently regulated under RCRA s non-hazardous waste provisions.
However, it is possible that certain oil and gas exploration and production wastes now classified as non-hazardous could be classified
as hazardous wastes in the future. Any such change could result in an increase in our costs to manage and dispose of wastes, which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 

Endangered
Species . The federal Endangered Species Act and analogous state laws regulate activities that could have an adverse effect on
threatened or endangered species. Some of our operations are conducted in areas where protected species are known to exist. In these
areas, we may be obligated to develop and implement plans to avoid potential adverse impacts on protected species, and we may be prohibited
from conducting operations in certain locations or during certain seasons, such as breeding and nesting seasons, when our operations
could have an adverse effect on these species. It is also possible that a federal or state agency could order a complete halt to activities
in certain locations if it is determined that such activities may have a serious adverse effect on a protected species. The presence
of a protected species in areas where we perform drilling, completion, and production activities could impair our ability to timely complete
well drilling and development and could adversely affect our future production from those areas. 

Air
Emissions. The federal Clean Air Act (the CAA and state air pollution laws and regulations provide a framework
for national, state and local efforts to protect air quality. Applicable to our business and operations, the CAA regulates emissions,
discharges and controls with respect to oil and natural gas production and natural gas processing operations. The CAA includes New Source
Performance Standards NSPS for the oil and natural gas source category to address emissions of sulfur dioxide, methane
and volatile organic compounds VOCs from new and modified oil and natural gas production, processing and transmission
sources as well as a separate set of emission standards to address hazardous air pollutants frequently associated with oil and natural
gas production and processing activities. Further, the CAA regulates the emissions from compressors, dehydrators, storage tanks and other
production equipment as well as leak detection for natural gas processing plants. These rules have required a number of modifications
to the operations of our third-party operating partners, including the installation of new equipment to control emissions from compressors. 

11 

In
addition, the EPA has developed, and continues to develop, stringent regulations governing emissions at specified sources. For example,
under the EPA s NSPS and National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants NESHAP regulations, since January
1, 2015, owners and operators of hydraulically fractured natural gas wells (wells drilled principally for the production of natural gas)
have been required to use so-called green completion technology to recover natural gas that formerly would have been flared
or vented. In 2016, the EPA issued additional rules for the oil and natural gas industry to reduce emissions of methane, VOCs and other
compounds. These rules apply to certain sources of air emissions that were constructed, reconstructed, or modified after September 18,
2015. Among other things, the new rules impose green completion requirements on new hydraulically fractured or re-fractured oil wells
and leak detection and repair requirements at well sites. We do not expect that the currently applicable NSPS or NESHAP requirements
will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, any future laws and their
implementing regulations may require us to obtain pre-approval for the expansion or modification of existing facilities or the construction
of new facilities expected to produce air emissions, impose stringent air permitting requirements or require us to use specific equipment
or technologies to control emissions. 

On
December 17, 2014, the EPA proposed to revise and lower the existing 75 pounds per barrel (ppb) National Ambient Air Quality Standard NAAQS for ozone under the CAA to a range within 65-70 ppb. On October 1, 2015, the EPA finalized a rule that lowered
the standard to 70 ppb. This lowered ozone NAAQS could result in an expansion of ozone nonattainment areas across the United States,
including areas in which we operate. Oil and natural gas operations in ozone nonattainment areas likely would be subject to more stringent
emission controls, emission offset requirements for new sources, and increased permitting delays and costs. This could require a number
of modifications to our operations, including the installation of new equipment to control emissions from our wells. 

Permit
and related compliance obligations under the CAA, each state s development and promulgation of regulatory programs to comport with
federal requirements, as well as changes to state implementation plans for controlling air emissions in regional non-attainment or near-non-attainment
areas, may require oil and natural gas exploration and production operators to incur future capital and operating expenditures in connection
with the addition or modification of existing air emission control equipment and strategies. 

Global
Warming and Climate change . Various state governments and regional organizations have enacted, or are considering enacting,
new legislation and promulgating new regulations governing or restricting the emission of GHG, including from facilities, vehicles and
equipment. Legislative and regulatory proposals for restricting GHG emissions or otherwise addressing climate change could require us
to incur additional operating costs and could adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas that we sell or the cost of the equipment
and other materials we use. The potential increase in our operating costs could include new or increased costs to obtain permits, operate
and maintain our equipment, install new emission controls on our equipment, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions and administer
and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program. 

Additionally,
the development of a federal renewable energy standard, or the development of additional or more stringent renewable energy standards
at the state level could reduce the demand for the oil and gas we produce, thereby adversely impacting our earnings, cash flows and financial
position. A cap-and-trade program generally would cap overall greenhouse gas emissions on an economy-wide basis and require major sources
of greenhouse gas emissions or major fuel producers to acquire and surrender emission allowances. A federal cap and trade program or
expanded use of cap and trade programs at the state level could impose direct costs on us through the purchase of allowances and could
impose indirect costs by incentivizing consumers to shift away from fossil fuels. In addition, federal or state carbon taxes could directly
increase our costs of operation and similarly incentivize consumers to shift away from fossil fuels. 

In
addition, activists concerned about the potential effects of climate change have directed their attention at sources of funding for fossil-fuel
energy companies, which has resulted in an increasing number of financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital restricting
or eliminating their investment in oil and natural gas activities. Ultimately, this may make it more difficult and expensive for us to
secure funding. Members of the investment community have also begun to screen companies such as ours for sustainability performance,
including practices related to greenhouse gases and climate change, before investing in our securities. Any efforts to improve our sustainability
practices in response to these pressures may increase our costs, and we may be forced to implement technologies that are not economically
viable in order to improve our sustainability performance and to meet the specific requirements to perform services for certain customers. 

12 

These
various legislative, regulatory and other activities addressing greenhouse gas emissions could adversely affect our business, including
by imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of greenhouse gases from, our equipment and operations, which could require
us to incur costs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases associated with our operations. Limitations on greenhouse gas emissions could
also adversely affect demand for oil and gas, which could lower the value of our reserves and have a material adverse effect on our profitability,
financial condition and liquidity. 

Compliance
with GHG laws or taxes could significantly increase our costs, reduce demand for fossil energy derived products, impact the cost and
availability of capital and increase our exposure to litigation. Such laws and regulations could also increase demand for less carbon
intensive energy sources. 

Water
discharges. The federal Water Pollution Control Act Clean Water Act and analogous state laws impose restrictions
and strict controls with respect to the discharge of pollutants, including spills and leaks of oil and other substances, into waters
of the United States and states. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms
of a permit issued by the EPA, or analogous state agencies. This includes the discharge of certain storm water without a permit which
requires periodic monitoring and sampling. In addition, the Clean Water Act regulates wastewater generated by unconventional oil and
gas operations during the hydraulic fracturing process and discharged to publicly-owned wastewater treatment facilities. The Clean Water
Act also prohibits discharge of dredged or fill material into waters of the United States, including wetlands, except in accordance with
the terms of a permit issued by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, or a state, if the state has assumed authority to issue such
permits. Federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil, and criminal penalties for non-compliance with discharge
permits or other requirements of the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws and regulations. 

Oil
Pollution Act of 1990 OPA ). OPA addresses prevention, containment and cleanup, and liability associated with oil
pollution. OPA applies to vessels, offshore platforms, and onshore facilities. OPA subjects owners of such facilities to strict liability
for containment and removal costs, natural resource damages, and certain other consequences of oil spills into jurisdictional waters.
Any unpermitted release of petroleum or other pollutants from our operations could result in governmental penalties and civil liability. 

Safe
Drinking Water Act SDWA ). The disposal of oil and natural gas wastes into underground injection wells are subject
to the federal Safe Drinking Water Act, as amended, and analogous state laws. The SDWA s Underground Injection Control UIC Program establishes requirements for permitting, testing, monitoring, recordkeeping and reporting of injection well activities as well
as a prohibition against the migration of fluid containing any contaminants into underground sources of drinking water. State programs
may have analogous permitting and operational requirements. In response to concerns related to increased seismic activity in the vicinity
of injection wells, regulators in some states are considering additional requirements related to seismic safety. For example, the Texas
Railroad Commission RRC adopted new oil and natural gas permit rules in October 2014 for wells used to dispose of saltwater
and other fluids resulting from the production of oil and natural gas in order to address these seismic activity concerns within the
state. Among other things, the rules require companies seeking permits for disposal wells to provide seismic activity data in permit
applications, provide for more frequent monitoring and reporting for certain wells, and allow the RRC to modify, suspend, or terminate
permits on grounds that a disposal well is likely to be, or determined to be, causing seismic activity. If new regulatory initiatives
are implemented that restrict or prohibit the use of underground injection wells in areas where we rely upon the use of such wells in
our operations, our costs to operate may significantly increase and our ability to continue production may be delayed or limited, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. In addition, any leakage from the subsurface
portions of the injection wells may cause degradation of freshwater, potentially resulting in cancellation of operations of a well, issuance
of fines and penalties from governmental agencies, incurrence of expenditures for remediation of the affected resource, and imposition
of liability by third parties for property damages and personal injury. 

13 

The
Occupational Safety and Health Act OSHA ). OSHA and comparable state laws regulate the protection of the health
and safety of employees. The federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established workplace safety standards that provide
guidelines for maintaining a safe workplace in light of potential hazards, such as employee exposure to hazardous substances. OSHA also
requires employee training and maintenance of records, and the OSHA hazard communication standard and EPA community right-to-know regulations
under the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986 require that we organize and disclose information about hazardous
materials used or produced in our operations. 

Hydraulic
Fracturing . Substantially all of the oil and natural gas production in which we have interests is developed from unconventional
sources that require hydraulic fracturing as part of the completion process. Hydraulic fracturing is an important and common practice
used to stimulate production of hydrocarbons from tight shale formations. We routinely utilize hydraulic fracturing techniques in most
of our drilling and completion programs. The process involves the injection of water, sand, and chemicals under pressure into the formation
to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. The process is typically regulated by state oil and gas commissions. However,
even on private lands, the EPA has asserted federal regulatory authority over hydraulic fracturing involving diesel additives under the
Safe Drinking Water Act s Underground Injection Control Program. The federal Safe Drinking Water Act protects the quality of the
nation s public drinking water through the adoption of drinking water standards and controlling the injection of waste fluids,
including saltwater disposal fluids, into below-ground formations that may adversely affect drinking water sources. 

Increased
regulation and scrutiny on oil and gas activities involving hydraulic fracturing techniques could potentially lead to a decrease in the
completion of new oil and gas wells, an increase in compliance costs, delays, and changes in federal income tax laws, all of which could
adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. As new laws or regulations that significantly restrict
hydraulic fracturing are adopted at the state and local levels, such laws could make it more difficult or costly for us to perform fracturing
to stimulate production from tight formations. In addition, if hydraulic fracturing becomes regulated at the federal level as a result
of federal legislation or regulatory initiatives by the EPA or other federal agencies, our fracturing activities could become subject
to additional permitting requirements, which could result in additional permitting delays and potential increases in costs. Restrictions
on hydraulic fracturing could also reduce the amount of oil and gas that we are ultimately able to produce from our reserves. 

We
believe the trend in local, state, and federal environmental legislation and regulation will continue toward stricter standards, particularly
under President Biden s administration. While we believe we are in substantial compliance with existing environmental laws and
regulations applicable to our current operations and that our continued compliance with existing requirements will not have a material
adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations, we cannot give any assurance that we will not be adversely affected
in the future. 

National
Environmental Policy Act NEPA ). Oil and natural gas exploration, development and production activities on federal
lands, including tribal lands and lands administered by the BLM, are subject to NEPA. NEPA requires federal agencies, including the BLM,
to evaluate major agency actions having the potential to significantly impact the environment. In the course of such evaluations, an
agency will prepare an Environmental Assessment that assesses the potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of a proposed project
and, if necessary, will prepare a more detailed Environmental Impact Statement that may be made available for public review and comment.
If we were to conduct any exploration and production activities on federal lands in the future, those activities may need to obtain governmental
permits that are subject to the requirements of NEPA. This process has the potential to delay, limit or increase the cost of developing
oil and natural gas projects. Authorizations under NEPA are also subject to protest, appeal or litigation, any or all of which may delay
or halt projects. Many of our activities and those of our third-party operating partners are covered under categorical exclusions which
results in a shorter NEPA review process, however, the impact of the NEPA review process on our activities and those of our third-party
operating partners is uncertain at this time and could lead to delays and increased costs that could materially adversely affect our
revenues and results of operations. 

14 

Governmental
Regulation 

Our
operations are subject to various rules, regulations and limitations impacting the oil and natural gas exploration and production industry
as a whole. 

Regulation
of Oil and Natural Gas Production 

Our
oil and natural gas exploration, production and related operations are subject to extensive rules and regulations promulgated by federal,
state, tribal and local authorities and agencies. For example, North Dakota requires permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds
and reports concerning operations and imposes other requirements relating to the exploration and production of oil and natural gas. Many
states may also have statutes or regulations addressing conservation matters, including provisions for the unitization or pooling of
oil and natural gas properties, the location of wells, the method of drilling and casing wells, the surface use and restoration of properties
upon which wells are drilled, the sourcing and disposal of water used in the process of drilling, the flaring of natural gas, completion
and abandonment, the establishment of maximum rates of production from wells, and the regulation of spacing, plugging and abandonment
of such wells. The effect of these regulations is to limit the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce from our wells and to
limit the number of wells or the locations at which we can drill. Moreover, many states impose a production or severance tax with respect
to the production and sale of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids within their jurisdictions. Failure to comply with any such rules
and regulations can result in substantial penalties. The regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry will most likely increase
our cost of doing business and may affect our profitability. Because such rules and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted,
we are unable to predict the future cost or impact of complying with such laws. Significant expenditures may be required to comply with
governmental laws and regulations and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally,
currently unforeseen environmental incidents may occur or past non-compliance with environmental laws or regulations may be discovered.
Therefore, we are unable to predict the future costs or impact of compliance. Additional proposals and proceedings that affect the oil
and natural gas industry are regularly considered by Congress, the states, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC and the courts. We cannot predict when or whether any such proposals may become effective. 

Regulation
of Transportation of Oil 

Sales
of crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at negotiated prices. Nevertheless, Congress
could re-enact price controls in the future. Our sales of crude oil are affected by the availability, terms and cost of transportation.
The transportation of oil by common carrier pipelines is also subject to rate and access regulation. The FERC regulates interstate oil
pipeline transportation rates under the Interstate Commerce Act. In general, interstate oil pipeline rates must be cost-based, although
settlement rates agreed to by all shippers are permitted and market-based rates may be permitted in certain circumstances. Effective
January 1, 1995, the FERC implemented regulations establishing an indexing system (based on inflation) for transportation rates for oil
pipelines that allows a pipeline to increase its rates annually up to a prescribed ceiling, without making a cost-of-service filing.
Every five years, the FERC reviews the appropriateness of the index level in relation to changes in industry costs. 

Intrastate
oil pipeline transportation rates are subject to regulation by state regulatory commissions. The basis for intrastate oil pipeline regulation
and the degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny given to intrastate oil pipeline rates varies from state to state. Insofar as effective
interstate and intrastate rates are equally applicable to all comparable shippers, we believe that the regulation of oil transportation
rates will not affect our operations in any way that is of material difference from those of our competitors that are similarly situated. 

Further,
interstate and intrastate common carrier oil pipelines must provide service on a non-discriminatory basis. Under this open access standard,
common carriers must offer service to all similarly situated shippers requesting service on the same terms and under the same rates.
When oil pipelines operate at full capacity, access is generally governed by pro-rationing provisions set forth in the pipelines 
published tariffs. Accordingly, we believe that access to oil pipeline transportation services generally will be available to us to the
same extent as to our similarly situated competitors. 

15 

Regulation
of Transportation and Sales of Natural Gas 

Historically,
the transportation and sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce has been regulated by the FERC under the Natural Gas Act
of 1938 NGA ), the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 NGPA and regulations issued under those statutes. In
the past, the federal government has regulated the prices at which natural gas could be sold. While sales by producers of natural gas
can currently be made at market prices, Congress could reenact price controls in the future. 

Onshore
gathering services, which occur upstream of FERC jurisdictional transmission services, are regulated by the states. Although the FERC
has set forth a general test for determining whether facilities perform a non-jurisdictional gathering function or a jurisdictional transmission
function, the FERC s determinations as to the classification of facilities is done on a case-by-case basis. State regulation of
natural gas gathering facilities generally includes various safety, environmental and, in some circumstances, nondiscriminatory take
requirements. Although such regulation has not generally been affirmatively applied by state agencies, natural gas gathering may receive
greater regulatory scrutiny in the future. 

Intrastate
natural gas transportation and facilities are also subject to regulation by state regulatory agencies, and certain transportation services
provided by intrastate pipelines are also regulated by FERC. The basis for intrastate regulation of natural gas transportation and the
degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny given to intrastate natural gas pipeline rates and services varies from state to state. Insofar
as such regulation within a particular state will generally affect all intrastate natural gas shippers within the state on a comparable
basis, we believe that the regulation of similarly situated intrastate natural gas transportation in any states in which we operate and
ship natural gas on an intrastate basis will not affect our operations in any way that is of material difference from those of our competitors.
Like the regulation of interstate transportation rates, the regulation of intrastate transportation rates affects the marketing of natural
gas that we produce, as well as the revenues we receive for sales of our natural gas. 

Research
and Development 

No
research and development expenditures have been incurred during the past three fiscal years. 

Insurance 

We
have general liability and property insurance coverage in amounts we deem sufficient for our business operations, consisting of property
loss insurance on major assets for the approximate value of the assets and additional liability and operator s and control of well
insurance for our oil and natural gas operations and drilling programs. We do not have insurance coverage for the lost revenues associated
with a business interruption, nor do we have coverage for the loss of our oil and natural gas reserves. There is no guarantee that any
insurance coverage would be sufficient to protect the value of our assets or to fully cover any losses sustained. Payment of substantial
liabilities in excess of coverage could require diversion of internal capital away from regular business, which could result in curtailment
of projected future operations. 

Human
Capital 

As
of April 12, 2023, we had 39 full-time employees and 4 part-time employees, none of whom were subject to a collective bargaining agreement.
In addition, we utilize several consultants on an as-needed basis. As a result of the acquisition completed on January 5, 2022, we added
13 employees. In addition, in 2022, we increased our corporate accounting, engineering and administrative staff. We recognize that our
employees are our most valuable assets and drive the way we pursue our short-term and long-term goals. To attract and retain talent we
promote: 

integrity
 and ethical behavior in the conduct of our business; 

environmental,
 health and safety priorities: 

prioritizing
 the success of others and the team; 

communicating
 why we do what we do and how every employee contributes to achieving success; and 

support
 for team members professional and personal development. 

The
core values of integrity and ethical behavior are the pillars of our culture, and as a result, the health and safety of our employees
and contractors is our highest priority. All employees are responsible for upholding Company-wide standards and values. We have policies
designed to promote ethical conduct and integrity that employees are required to read and acknowledge. 

16 

We
strive to provide competitive, performance-based compensation and benefits to our employees, including market-competitive pay, and various
healthcare, retirement, and other benefit packages The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our compensation programs
and designs programs to incentivize achievement of our corporate strategy and the matters of importance to our stakeholders. 

Forward
Plan 

In
2023 and beyond, we intend to seek additional opportunities in the oil and natural gas sector, including but not limited to further acquisition
of assets, participation with current and new industry partners in their exploration and development projects, acquisition of existing
companies, and the purchase of oil producing assets. In addition, we plan to grow production by performing workovers on operated idle
wells acquired in 2022, returning them back to production. 

Business
Strategy 

Key
elements of our business strategy include: 

Deploy
 our Capital in a Conservative and Strategic Manner and Review Opportunities to Bolster our Liquidity . In the current industry
 environment, maintaining liquidity is critical. Therefore, we plan to be highly selective in the projects we evaluate and to review
 opportunities to bolster our liquidity and financial position through various means. 

Evaluate
 and Pursue Value-Enhancing Transactions . We plan to continuously evaluate strategic alternative opportunities with the goal of
 enhancing stockholder value. 

Industry
Operating Environment 

The
oil and natural gas industry is affected by many factors that we generally cannot control. Government regulations, particularly in the
areas of taxation, energy, climate change and the environment, can have a significant impact on operations and profitability. Significant
factors that may impact oil prices in the current fiscal year and future periods include the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine,
the level of inflation and interest rates, political and social developments in the Middle East, demand in Asian and European markets,
and the extent to which members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and other oil exporting
nations manage oil supply through export quotas. Natural gas prices are generally determined by North American supply and demand and
are also affected by imports and exports of liquefied natural gas. Weather also has a significant impact on demand for natural gas since
natural gas is a primary heating source. 

These
factors may adversely impact the supply and demand for oil and gas and our ability to produce and transport oil and gas and perform operations
at and on our properties. This uncertainty also affects management s accounting estimates and assumptions, which could result in
greater variability in a variety of areas that depend on these estimates and assumptions, including investments, receivables, and forward-looking
guidance. 

17 

Development 

During
2023, our development activities will be focused on returning idle wells acquired in 2022 to production and participating in drilling
projects with our joint interest operators. 

Until
acquiring operated properties during 2020, we primarily engaged in oil and natural gas exploration and production by participating, on
a proportionate basis, alongside third-party interests in wells drilled and completed in spacing units that include our acreage. We typically
depend on drilling partners to propose, permit and initiate the drilling of wells. Prior to commencing drilling, our partners are required
to provide all owners of oil, natural gas and mineral interests within the designated spacing unit the opportunity to participate in
the drilling costs and revenues of the well to the extent of their pro-rata share of such interest within the spacing unit. We assess
each drilling opportunity on a case-by-case basis and participate in wells that we expect to meet our return thresholds based upon our
estimates of ultimate recoverable oil and natural gas, expected oil and natural gas prices, expertise of the operator, and completed
well cost from each project, as well as other factors. Historically, we have participated pursuant to our working interest in a vast
majority of the wells proposed to us. 

Seasonality 

Winter
weather conditions and lease stipulations can limit or temporarily halt our drilling and producing activities and other oil and natural
gas operations and those of our operating partners. These constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay or temporarily
halt the operations of our operating partners and materially increase our operating and capital costs. Such seasonal anomalies can also
pose challenges for meeting well drilling objectives and may increase competition for equipment, supplies and personnel during the spring
and summer months, which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay or temporarily halt our operations and those of our operating
partners. 

Title
to Properties 

Title
to properties is subject to royalty, overriding royalty, carried working, net profits, working and other similar interests and contractual
arrangements customary in the gas and oil industry, liens for current taxes not yet due and other encumbrances. As is customary in the
industry in the case of undeveloped properties, little investigation of record title is made at the time of acquisition (other than preliminary
review of local records). 

Investigation,
including a title opinion of local counsel, generally is made before commencement of drilling operations. 

Marketing,
Major Customers and Delivery Commitments 

Markets
for oil and natural gas are volatile and are subject to wide fluctuations depending on numerous factors beyond our control, including
seasonality, economic conditions, foreign imports, political conditions in other energy producing countries, OPEC market actions, and
domestic government regulations and policies. All of our production is marketed by our industry partners for our benefit and is sold
to competing buyers, including large oil refining companies and independent marketers. Substantially all of our production is sold pursuant
to agreements with pricing based on prevailing commodity prices, subject to adjustment for regional differentials and similar factors.
We had no material delivery commitments as of December 31, 2022. 

Competition 

The
oil and natural gas business is highly competitive in the search for and acquisition of additional reserves and in the sale of oil and
natural gas. Our competitors principally consist of major and intermediate-sized integrated oil and natural gas companies, independent
oil and natural gas companies and individual producers and operators. Specifically, we compete for property acquisitions and our operating
partners compete for the equipment and labor required to operate and develop our properties. Our competitors may be able to pay more
for properties and may be able to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties than we can. Ultimately, our
future success will depend on our ability to develop or acquire additional reserves at costs that allow us to remain competitive. 

18 

Available
Information 

The
Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Such reports and
other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge at https://investors.usnrg.com/investors/sec-filings
when such reports are available on the SEC s website. The Company periodically provides other information for investors on its
corporate website, https://usnrg.com. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference
into this filing. Further, the Company s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. Copies
of documents filed by us with the SEC are also available from us without charge, upon oral or written request to our Secretary, who can
be contacted at the address and telephone number set forth on the cover page of this Report. You may also find information related to
our corporate governance, board committees and code of ethics on our website. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as the
other information in this filing before deciding to invest in our company. Any of the risk factors described below could significantly
and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known or that are currently considered to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. As a result, the trading price or value of our common stock could be materially adversely affected, and you
may lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary
Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks summarized below. These risks include,
but are not limited to, the following: 

our
 ability to obtain sufficient cash flow from operations, borrowing, and/or other sources to fully develop our undeveloped acreage
 positions; 

volatility
 in oil and natural gas prices, including further declines in oil prices and/or natural gas prices, which would have a negative impact
 on operating cash flow and could require further ceiling test write-downs on our oil and natural gas assets; 

the
 possibility that the oil and natural gas industry may be subject to new adverse regulatory or legislative actions (including changes
 to existing tax rules and regulations and changes in environmental regulation); 

the
 general risks of exploration and development activities, including the failure to find oil and natural gas in sufficient commercial
 quantities to provide a reasonable return on investment; 

future
 oil and natural gas production rates, and/or the ultimate recoverability of reserves, falling below estimates; 

the
 ability to replace oil and natural gas reserves as they deplete from production; 

environmental
 risks; 

risks
 associated with our plan to develop additional operating capabilities, including the potential inability to recruit and retain personnel
 with the requisite skills and experience and liabilities we could assume or incur as an operator or to acquire operated properties
 or obtain operatorship of existing properties; 

19 

availability
 of pipeline capacity and other means of transporting crude oil and natural gas production, and related midstream infrastructure and
 services; 

competition
 in leasing new acreage and for drilling programs with operating companies, resulting in less favorable terms or fewer opportunities
 being available; 

higher
 drilling and completion costs related to competition for drilling and completion services and shortages of labor and materials; 

disruptions
 resulting from unanticipated weather events, natural disasters, and public health crises and pandemics, such as the coronavirus,
 resulting in possible delays of drilling and completions and the interruption of anticipated production streams of hydrocarbons,
 which could impact expenses and revenues; 

our
 lack of effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; 

our
 ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market; 

dilution
 caused by new equity or debt offerings; 

our
 need for additional capital to complete future acquisitions, conduct our operations and fund our business, and our ability to obtain
 such necessary funding on favorable terms, if at all; 

the
 speculative nature of our oil and gas operations, and general risks associated with the exploration for, and production of oil and
 gas; including accidents, equipment failures or mechanical problems which may occur while drilling or completing wells or in production
 activities; operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be adequately insured; the threat and impact of
 terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks or similar hostilities; declining reserves and production; and losses or costs we may incur as a
 result of title deficiencies or environmental issues in the properties in which we invest, any one of which may adversely impact
 our operations; 

changes
 in the legal and regulatory environment governing the oil and natural gas industry, including new or amended environmental legislation
 or regulatory initiatives which could result in increased costs, additional operating restrictions, or delays, or have other adverse
 effects on us; 

improvements
 in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
 results of operations; 

the
 fact that our officers and directors beneficially own a majority of our common stock and that their interests may be different from
 other stockholders; 

our
 dependence on the continued involvement of our present management; 

economic
 downturns and possible recessions caused thereby (including as a result of COVID-19, increases in inflation, interest rates or global
 conflicts, such as the current conflict in Ukraine); 

the
 effects of global pandemics, such as COVID-19 on our operations, properties, the market for oil and gas, and the demand for oil and
 gas; 

the
 need to write-down assets and/or shut-in wells, or our non-operated wells being shut-in by their operators; 

future
 litigation or governmental proceedings which could result in material adverse consequences,
 including judgments or settlements; 

anti-takeover
 effects of our governing documents and Delaware law; 

unanticipated
 down-hole mechanical problems, which could result in higher-than-expected drilling and completion expenses and/or the loss of the
 wellbore or a portion thereof; and 

Other
 risks disclosed below under Risk Factors . 

20 

Risk
Factors 

The
following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating the information in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Risks
Related to the Oil and Natural Gas Industry and Our Business 

We
may need additional capital to complete future acquisitions, conduct our operations, and fund our business, and our ability to obtain
the necessary funding is uncertain. 

We
may need to raise additional funding to complete future potential acquisitions and will be required to raise additional funds through
public or private debt or equity financing or other various means to fund our operations and complete workovers and acquire assets. In
such a case, adequate funds may not be available when needed or may not be available on favorable terms. If we need to raise additional
funds in the future by issuing equity securities, dilution to existing stockholders will result, and such securities may have rights,
preferences, and privileges senior to those of our common stock. If funding is insufficient at any time in the future and we are unable
to generate sufficient revenue from new business arrangements, to complete future acquisitions or operations, our results of operations
and the value of our securities could be adversely affected. 

Additionally,
due to the nature of oil and gas interests, i.e., that rates of production generally decline over time as oil and gas reserves are depleted,
if we are unable to acquire additional properties and/or develop our reserves, either because we are unable to raise sufficient funding
for such development activities, or otherwise, or in the event we are unable to acquire additional operated or non-operated properties,
we believe that our revenues will continue to decline over time. Furthermore, in the event we are unable to raise additional required
funding in the future, we will not be able to participate in the drilling of additional wells, will not be able to complete other drilling
and/or workover activities. 

If
this were to happen, we may be forced to scale back our business plan which could result in the value of our outstanding securities declining
in value. 

Oil,
natural gas liquids (NGL) and natural gas prices, are volatile and declines in the prices of such commodities have in the past, and will
continue in the future to, adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our ability to meet our capital
expenditure obligations or targets and financial commitments. 

The
price of oil and, to a lesser extent, natural gas and NGLs, heavily influences our revenue, profitability, cash flows, liquidity, access
to capital, present value and quality of our reserves, the nature and scale of our operations, and our future rate of growth. Oil, NGL,
and natural gas are commodities and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes
in supply and demand. In recent years, the markets for oil and natural gas have been volatile. These markets will likely continue to
be volatile in the future. Further, oil prices and natural gas prices do not necessarily fluctuate in direct relation to each other.
The price of crude oil has experienced significant volatility over the last five years, with the price of a barrel of oil dropping below
 20 during the early part of 2020, due in part to reduced global demand stemming from the global COVID-19 outbreak, and most recently
surging over 125 a barrel in early March 2022 following Russia s invasion of Ukraine, before more recently trading around 70- 80
a barrel. A prolonged period of low market prices for oil and natural gas, or further declines in the market prices for oil and natural
gas, will likely result in capital expenditures being further curtailed and will adversely affect our business, financial condition and
liquidity. Additionally, lower oil and natural gas prices have, and may in the future, cause, a decline in our stock price. The below
table highlights the recent volatility in oil and gas prices by summarizing the high and low daily NYMEX WTI oil spot price and daily
NYMEX natural gas Henry Hub spot price for the periods presented: 

Daily NYMEX WTI oil spot price (per Bbl) 
 Daily NYMEX natural gas Henry Hub spot price (per MMBtu) 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2019 
 66.24 
 46.31 
 4.25 
 1.75 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 63.27 
 (36.98 
 3.14 
 1.33 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 85.64 
 47.47 
 23.86 
 2.43 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 123.64 
 71.05 
 9.85 
 3.46 
 
 Quarter ended March 31, 2023 (through February 28, 2023) 
 81.62 
 72.82 
 3.78 
 2.07 

21 

Declines
in the prices we receive for our oil and natural gas can also adversely affect our ability to finance capital expenditures, make acquisitions,
raise capital and satisfy our financial obligations. In addition, declines in prices can reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that
we can produce economically and the estimated future cash flow from that production and, as a result, adversely affect the quantity and
present value of our proved reserves. Among other things, a reduction in the amount or present value of our reserves can limit the capital
available to us, and the availability of other sources of capital likely will be based to a significant degree on the estimated quantity
and value of the reserves. 

As
described above, oil, NGLs, and natural gas are commodities and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response
to relatively minor changes in supply and demand. Historically, the commodities market has been volatile. An extended period of continued
lower oil prices, or additional price declines, will have further adverse effects on us. The prices we receive for any future production
and the prices received from operators of our non-operated production, and the levels of such production, will continue to depend on
numerous factors, including the following: 

the
 domestic and foreign supply of oil, NGLs, and natural gas; 

the
 domestic and foreign demand for oil, NGLs, and natural gas; 

the
 prices and availability of competitors supplies of oil, NGLs, and natural gas; 

the
 actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, and state-controlled oil companies relating to oil price and
 production controls; 

the
 price and quantity of foreign imports of oil, NGLs, and natural gas; 

the
 impact of U.S. dollar exchange rates on oil, NGLs, and natural gas prices and inflation; 

domestic
 and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

speculative
 trading of oil, NGLs, and natural gas futures contracts; 

localized
 supply and demand fundamentals, including the availability, proximity, and capacity of gathering and transportation systems for natural
 gas; 

the
 availability of refining capacity; 

the
 prices and availability of alternative fuel sources; 

the
 threat, or perceived threat, or results, of viral pandemics, for example, as previously experienced with the COVID-19 pandemic; 

22 

weather
 conditions and natural disasters; 

political
 conditions in or affecting oil, NGLs, and natural gas producing regions, including the Middle East and South America and the recent
 conflict in Ukraine; 

the
 continued threat of terrorism and the impact of military action and civil unrest; 

public
 pressure on, and legislative and regulatory interest within, federal, state, and local governments to stop, significantly limit,
 or regulate hydraulic fracturing activities; 

the
 level of global oil, NGL, and natural gas inventories and exploration and production activity; 

authorization
 of exports from the United States of liquefied natural gas; 

the
 impact of energy conservation efforts; 

technological
 advances affecting energy consumption; and 

overall
 worldwide economic conditions. 

Declines
in oil, NGL, or natural gas prices will reduce not only our revenue but also the amount of oil, NGL, and natural gas that we, and the
operators of our properties, can produce economically. Should natural gas, NGL or oil prices decline in the future, our non-operated
wells and/or any of our own wells, may be forced to be shut-in, and exploration and development plans for prospects and exploration or
development activities may need to be postponed or abandoned. As a result, we may have to make substantial downward adjustments to our
estimated proved reserves, each of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
have limited control over activities on properties we do not operate. 

We
operate 86 of our reserves as of December 31, 2022. The remaining 14 represents working interests we own as a non-operator in a geographically
and geologically diverse portfolio of oil-weighted prospects in varying stages of exploration and development. As a result, our ability
to exercise influence over the operations of our non-operated properties or their associated costs is limited. Our dependence on the
operators and other working interest owners of these projects and our limited ability to influence operations and associated costs or
control the risks could materially and adversely affect the realization of our targeted returns on capital in drilling or acquisition
activities. The success and timing of our drilling and development activities on properties operated by others therefore depends upon
a number of factors, including: 

the
 operator s expertise and financial resources; 

the
 rate of production of reserves, if any; 

approval
 of other participants in drilling wells; and 

selection
 of technology. 

Certain
of our non-operated wells have previously been temporarily shut-in to preserve oil and gas reserves for production during a more favorable
oil price environment, and our wells may again be shut-in, should market conditions significantly deteriorate. 

In
early March 2020, there was a global outbreak of COVID-19 that resulted in a drastic decline in global demand of certain mineral and
energy products including crude oil. As a result of the lower demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the oversupply of crude oil,
spot and future prices of crude oil fell to historic lows during the second quarter of 2020. Operators in North Dakota s Williston
Basin (including the operators of our Williston Basin wells) responded by significantly decreasing drilling and completion activity and
shutting in or curtailing production from a significant number of producing wells. Operators decisions on these matters are changing
rapidly and it is difficult to predict the future effects on the Company s business. Lower oil and natural gas prices not only
decrease our revenues, but an extended decline in oil or gas prices may materially and adversely affect our future business, financial
position, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity, and ability to finance planned capital expenditures. While our producing wells
are shut-in, we do not generate revenues from such wells, and would need to use our cash on hand and funds we receive from borrowings
and the sale of equity in order to pay our operating expenses. A continued period of low-priced oil may make it non-economical for our
wells to operate, which would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and the value of our assets. We cannot estimate
the future price of oil, and as such cannot estimate, when our wells may again be shut-in by us or their third party operators. 

23 

Our
business and operations have been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and may be adversely affected by other similar outbreaks. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or other adverse public health developments, including voluntary and mandatory quarantines, travel
restrictions, and other restrictions, our operations, and those of our subcontractors, customers, and suppliers, have and experienced
delays or disruptions and temporary suspensions of operations. In addition, our financial condition and results of operations have been
adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Other contagious diseases in the human population could have similar adverse effects. 

Declining
general economic, business or industry conditions have, and will continue to have, a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
liquidity, and financial condition, and are expected to continue having a material adverse effect for the foreseeable future. 

Concerns
over global economic conditions, the threat of pandemic diseases and the results thereof, energy costs, geopolitical issues, increasing
inflation and interest rates, the availability and cost of credit have contributed to increased economic uncertainty and diminished expectations
for the global economy. These factors, combined with volatile prices of oil and natural gas, declining business and consumer confidence,
and increased unemployment, may result in an economic slowdown and/or a recession, which could expand to a global depression. Concerns
about global economic growth have had a significant adverse impact on global financial markets and commodity prices and are expected
to continue having a material adverse effect for the foreseeable future. If the economic climate in the United States or abroad continues
to deteriorate, demand for petroleum products could diminish, which could further impact the price at which our operators can sell oil,
natural gas, and natural gas liquids, affect the ability of our vendors, suppliers and customers to continue operations, and ultimately
adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition to a greater extent than it has already. In addition, a
decline in consumer confidence or changing patterns in the availability and use of disposable income by consumers can negatively affect
the demand for oil and gas and as a result our results of operations. 

The
Company s operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control. 

The
Company s operations are subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from hurricanes,
severe storms, floods, heat waves, other forms of severe weather, wildfires, ambient temperature increases, sea level rise, war, accidents,
civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, terrorist acts and epidemic or pandemic diseases
such as the COVID-19 pandemic, some of which may be impacted by climate change and any of which could result in suspension of operations
or harm to people or the natural environment, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations
or financial condition. 

Economic
uncertainty may affect our access to capital and/or increase the costs of such capital. 

Global
economic conditions continue to be volatile and uncertain due to, among other things, consumer confidence in future economic conditions,
fears of recession and trade wars, the price of energy, fluctuating interest rates, the availability and cost of consumer credit, the
availability and timing of government stimulus programs, levels of unemployment, increased inflation, and tax rates. These conditions
remain unpredictable and create uncertainties about our ability to raise capital in the future. In the event required capital becomes
unavailable in the future, or more costly, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

24 

The
development of oil and natural gas properties involves substantial risks that may result in a total loss of investment. 

The
business of exploring for, working over and developing natural gas and oil properties involves a high degree of business and financial
risk, and thus a significant risk of loss of initial investment that even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation
may not be able to overcome. The cost and timing of drilling, workover completing and operating wells is often uncertain. Factors which
can delay or prevent drilling or production, or otherwise impact expected results, include but are not limited to: 

unexpected
 drilling conditions; 

inability
 to obtain required permits from governmental authorities; 

inability
 to obtain, or limitations on, easements from landowners; 

uncertainty
 regarding our operating partners drilling schedules; 

high
 pressure or irregularities in geologic formations; 

equipment
 failures; 

title
 problems; 

fires,
 explosions, blowouts, cratering, pollution, spills and other environmental risks or accidents; 

changes
 in government regulations and issuance of local drilling restrictions or moratoria; 

adverse
 weather; 

reductions
 in commodity prices; 

pipeline
 ruptures; and 

unavailability
 or high cost of equipment, field services and labor. 

A
productive well may become uneconomic in the event unusual quantities of water or other non-commercial substances are encountered in
the well bore that impair or prevent production. We may participate in wells that are or become unproductive or, though productive, do
not produce in economic quantities. In addition, even commercial wells can produce less, or have higher costs, than we projected. 

In
addition, initial 24-hour or other limited-duration production rates announced regarding our oil and natural gas properties are not necessarily
indicative of future production rates. 

Dry
holes and other unsuccessful or uneconomic exploration, exploitation and development activities can adversely affect our cash flow, profitability
and financial condition, and can adversely affect our reserves. 

The
Williston Basin (Bakken and Three Forks shales) oil price differential and oil price differentials in other properties
in Wyoming and Montana could have adverse impacts on our revenue. 

Generally,
crude oil produced from the Bakken formation in North Dakota is high quality (36 to 44 degrees API (a measure of how heavy or light a
petroleum liquid is compared to water), which is comparable to West Texas Intermediate Crude WTI ). During 2022, our weighted
average realized oil price in our Rockies region, which includes North Dakota, Montana and Wyoming was 88.54, which due to transportation
costs was approximately 6.36 per barrel less than the average WTI spot price for crude oil. This discount, or differential, may widen
in the future, which would reduce the price we receive for our production. We may also be adversely affected by widening differentials
in other areas of operation. 

Drilling
and completion costs for the wells we drill in the Williston Basin are typically comparable to or higher than other areas where there
is no price differential. This makes it more likely that a downturn in oil prices will result in a ceiling limitation write-down of our
oil and natural gas properties. A widening of the differential would reduce the cash flow from our Williston Basin properties and adversely
impact our ability to participate fully in drilling. Our production in other areas could also be affected by adverse changes in differentials.
In addition, changes in differentials could make it more difficult for us to effectively hedge our exposure to changes in commodity prices. 

25 

Non-consent
provisions could result in penalties and loss of revenues from wells. 

Our
industry partners may elect to engage in drilling activities that we are unwilling or unable to participate in during 2023 and thereafter.
Our exploration and development agreements contain customary industry non-consent provisions. Pursuant to these provisions, if a well
is proposed to be drilled or completed but if a working interest owner elects not to participate, the resulting revenues (which otherwise
would go to the non-participant) flow to the participants until the participating parties receive from 150 to 300 of the capital they
provided to cover the non-participant s share. In order to be in position to avoid non-consent penalties and to make opportunistic
investments in new assets, we will continue to evaluate various options to obtain additional capital, including debt financing, sales
of one or more producing or non-producing oil and natural gas assets and the issuance of shares of our common stock. 

Unanticipated
costs could require new capital that may not be available. 

The
oil and natural gas business holds the potential opportunity for significant returns on investment, but achievement of such returns is
subject to high risk. For example, initial results from one or more oil and natural gas programs could be marginal but warrant investing
in more wells. Dry holes, over-budget exploration costs, low commodity prices, or any combination of these or other adverse factors,
could result in production revenues falling below projections, thus adversely impacting cash expected to be available for a continued
work program, and a reduction in cash available for investment in other programs. These types of events could require a reassessment
of priorities and therefore potential re-allocations of existing capital and could also mandate obtaining new capital. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to complete any financing transaction on acceptable terms. 

Competition
may limit our opportunities in the oil and natural gas business. 

The
oil and natural gas business is very competitive. We compete with many public and private exploration and development companies in finding
investment opportunities. We also compete with oil and natural gas operators in acquiring acreage positions. Our principal competitors
are small to mid-size companies with in-house petroleum exploration and drilling expertise. Many of our competitors possess and employ
financial, technical and personnel resources substantially greater than ours. They also may be willing and able to pay more for oil and
natural gas properties than our financial resources permit, and may be able to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number
of properties. In addition, there is substantial competition in the oil and natural gas industry for investment capital, and we may not
be able to compete successfully in raising additional capital if needed. 

Successful
exploitation of shale formations is subject to risks related to horizontal drilling and completion techniques. 

Operations
in shale formations in many cases involve utilizing the latest drilling and completion techniques in an effort to generate the highest
possible cumulative recoveries and therefore generate the highest possible returns. Risks that are encountered while drilling include,
but are not limited to, landing the well bore in the desired drilling zone, staying in the zone while drilling horizontally through the
shale formation, running casing the entire length of the well bore (as applicable to the formation) and being able to run tools and other
equipment consistently through the horizontal well bore. 

For
wells that are hydraulically fractured, completion risks include, but are not limited to, being able to fracture stimulate the planned
number of fracture stimulation stages, and successfully cleaning out the well bore after completion of the final fracture stimulation
stage. Ultimately, the success of these latest drilling and completion techniques can only be evaluated over time as more wells are drilled
and production profiles are established over a sufficient period of time. 

Costs
for any individual well will vary due to a variety of factors. These wells are significantly more expensive than a typical onshore shallow
conventional well. Accordingly, unsuccessful exploration or development activity affecting even a small number of wells could have a
significant impact on our results of operations. Costs other than drilling and completion costs can also be significant for shale wells. 

26 

If
our access to oil and natural gas markets is restricted, it could negatively impact our production and revenues. Securing access to takeaway
capacity may be particularly difficult in less developed areas of the Williston Basin and Montana and Wyoming. 

Market
conditions or limited availability of satisfactory oil and natural gas transportation arrangements may hinder our access to oil and natural
gas markets or delay our production. The availability of a ready market for our oil and natural gas production depends on a number of
factors, including the demand for and supply of oil and natural gas and the proximity of reserves to pipelines and other midstream facilities.
The ability to market our production depends in substantial part on the availability and capacity of gathering systems, pipelines, rail
transportation and processing facilities owned and operated by third parties. In particular, access to adequate gathering systems or
pipeline or rail takeaway capacity is limited in the Williston Basin and in Montana and Wyoming. In order to secure takeaway capacity
and related services, we or our operating partners may be forced to enter into arrangements that are not as favorable to operators as
those in other areas. 

If
we are unable to replace reserves, we will not be able to sustain production. 

Our
future operations depend on our ability to find, develop, and acquire crude oil, natural gas, and NGL reserves that are economically
producible. Our properties produce crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs at a declining rate over time. In order to maintain current production
rates, we must locate and develop or acquire new crude oil, natural gas, and NGL reserves to replace those being depleted by production.
Without successful drilling or acquisition activities, our reserves and production will decline over time. In addition, competition for
crude oil and natural gas properties is intense, and many of our competitors have financial, technical, human, and other resources necessary
to evaluate and integrate acquisitions that are substantially greater than those available to us. 

As
part of our growth strategy, we intend to make acquisitions. However, suitable acquisition candidates may not be available on terms and
conditions we find acceptable, and acquisitions pose substantial risks to our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In pursuing acquisitions, we compete with other companies, many of which have greater financial and other resources than we do. In the
event we do complete an acquisition, its successful impact on our business will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond
our control. These factors include the purchase price for the acquisition, future crude oil, natural gas, and NGL prices, the ability
to reasonably estimate or assess the recoverable volumes of reserves, rates of future production and future net revenues attainable from
reserves, future operating and capital costs, results of future exploration, exploitation, and development activities on the acquired
properties, and future abandonment and possible future environmental or other liabilities. There are numerous uncertainties inherent
in estimating quantities of proved oil and natural gas reserves, actual future production rates, and associated costs and potential liabilities
with respect to prospective acquisition targets. Actual results may vary substantially from those assumed in the estimates. A customary
review of subject properties will not necessarily reveal all existing or potential problems. 

Additionally,
significant acquisitions can change the nature of our operations and business depending upon the character of the acquired properties
if they have substantially different operating and geological characteristics or are in different geographic locations than our existing
properties. To the extent that acquired properties are substantially different than our existing properties, our ability to efficiently
realize the expected economic benefits of such transactions may be limited. If we are unable to integrate acquisitions successfully and
realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner, substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical
or financial problems could result. 

Integrating
acquired businesses and properties involves a number of special risks. These risks include the possibility that management may be distracted
from regular business concerns by the need to integrate operations and systems and that unforeseen difficulties can arise in integrating
operations and systems and in retaining and assimilating employees. Any of these or other similar risks could lead to potential adverse
short-term or long-term effects on our operating results and may cause us to not be able to realize any or all of the anticipated benefits
of the acquisitions. 

27 

Many
of our joint operating agreements contain provisions that may be subject to legal interpretation, including allocation of non-consent
interests, complex payout calculations that impact the timing of reversionary interests, and the impact of joint interest audits. 

Substantially
all of our oil and natural gas interests are subject to joint operating and similar agreements. Some of these agreements include payment
provisions that are complex and subject to different interpretations and/or can be erroneously applied in particular situations. 

Joint
interest audits are a normal process in our business to ensure that operators adhere to standard industry practices in the billing of
costs and expenses related to our oil and natural gas properties. However, the ultimate resolution of joint interest audits can extend
over a long period of time in which we attempt to recover excessive amounts charged by the operator. Joint interest audits result in
incremental costs for the audit services and we can incur substantial amounts of legal fees to resolve disputes with the operators of
our properties. 

We
have many non-operated drilling locations. Therefore, we will not be able to control the timing of exploration or development efforts,
associated costs, or the rate of production of these non-operated assets. 

We
do not currently operate the drilling prospects in South Texas we hold with industry partners. As a non-operator, our ability to exercise
influence over the operations of the drilling programs is limited. In the usual case in the oil and natural gas industry, new work is
proposed by the operator and often is approved by most of the non-operating parties. If the work is approved by the holders of a majority
of the working interests, but we disagree with the proposal and do not (or are unable to) participate, we will forfeit our share of revenues
from the well until the participants receive 150 to 300 of their investment. In some cases, we could lose all of our interest in the
well. We would avoid a penalty of this kind only if a majority of the working interest owners agree with us and the proposal does not
proceed. 

The
success and timing of our drilling and development activities on properties operated by others depend upon a number of factors outside
of our control, including: 

the
 nature and timing of the operator s drilling and other activities; 

the
 timing and amount of required capital expenditures; 

the
 operator s geological and engineering expertise and financial resources; 

the
 approval of other participants in drilling wells; and 

the
 operator s selection of suitable technology. 

The
fact that our industry partners serve as operator makes it more difficult for us to predict future production, cash flows and liquidity
needs. Our ability to grow our production and reserves depends on decisions by our partners to drill wells in which we have an interest,
and they may elect to reduce or suspend the drilling of those wells. 

Our
estimated reserves are based on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates
or the relevant underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantity and present value of our reserves. 

Oil
and natural gas reserve reports are prepared by independent consultants to provide estimates of the quantities of hydrocarbons that can
be economically recovered from proved properties, utilizing commodity prices for a trailing 12-month period and taking into account expected
capital, operating and other expenditures. These reports also provide estimates of the future net present value of the reserves, which
we use for internal planning purposes and for testing the carrying value of the properties on our balance sheet. 

The
reserve data included in this Report represents estimates only. Estimating quantities of, and future cash flows from, proved oil and
natural gas reserves is a complex process and not an exact science. It requires interpretations of available technical data and various
estimates, including estimates based upon assumptions relating to economic factors, such as future production costs; ad valorem, severance
and excise taxes; availability of capital; estimates of required capital expenditures, workover and remedial costs; and the assumed effect
of governmental regulation. The assumptions underlying our estimates of our proved reserves could prove to be inaccurate, and any significant
inaccuracy could materially affect, among other things, future estimates of the reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of
oil and natural gas attributable to the properties, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery, and estimates of our future
net cash flows. 

28 

At
December 31, 2022, 99 of our estimated proved reserves were developed producing. Estimation of proved undeveloped reserves and proved
developed non-producing reserves is almost always based on analogy to existing wells, volumetric analysis or probabilistic methods, in
contrast to the performance data used to estimate producing reserves. Recovery of proved undeveloped reserves requires significant capital
expenditures and successful drilling operations. 

You
should not assume that the present values referred to in this report represent the current market value of our estimated oil and natural
gas reserves. The timing and success of the production and the expenses related to the development of oil and natural gas properties,
each of which is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, will affect the timing and amount of actual future net cash flows from
our proved reserves and their present value. In addition, our PV-10 and standardized measure estimates are based on costs as of the date
of the estimates and assume fixed commodity prices. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices
and costs used in the estimate. 

Further,
the use of a 10 discount factor to calculate PV-10 and standardized measure values may not necessarily represent the most appropriate
discount factor given actual interest rates and risks to which our business or the oil and natural gas industry in general are subject. 

Our
hedging activities have in the past and may in the future prevent us from benefiting fully from increases in oil and gas prices and may
expose us to other risks, including counterparty risk. 

From
time to time, we use derivative instruments, typically fixed-rate swaps and costless collars, to manage price risk underlying our oil
and natural gas production. We have in the past, and to the extent that we continue to engage in hedging activities to protect ourselves
against commodity price declines, we may in the future, be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of increases in oil and/or gas
prices above the prices established by our hedging contracts. For example, in January 2022, the Company entered into NYMEX WTI crude
oil commodity derivative contracts for 2022 and 2023 production. The Company entered into commodity derivative collar contracts for a
total of 210,500 Bbls of crude oil from February 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 with a floor of 65.00 and a ceiling of 89.40 and 211,500
Bbls of crude oil from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 with a floor of 60.00 and a ceiling of 81.04. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we had a total net derivative loss on oil and gas contracts of 5.7 million and 0.3 million, respectively. See
Note 7 Commodity Derivatives to the footnotes to the financial statements included herein under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Our hedging activities may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including
instances in which the counterparties to our hedging contracts fail to perform under the contracts. Our hedges have in the past and may
in the future result in losses and reduce the amount of revenue we would otherwise obtain upon the sale of oil and gas and may also increase
our margins and decrease our net revenues. 

Our
actual future production may be significantly higher or lower than we estimate at the time we enter into derivative contracts for the
relevant period. If the actual amount of production is higher than we estimated, we will have greater commodity price exposure than we
intended. If the actual amount of production is lower than the notional amount that is subject to our derivative instruments, we might
be forced to satisfy all or a portion of our derivative transactions without the benefit of the cash flow from our sale of the underlying
physical commodity, resulting in a substantial diminution of our liquidity. As a result of these factors, our hedging activities may
not be as effective as we intend in reducing the volatility of our cash flows, and in certain circumstances may actually increase the
volatility of our cash flows. 

Derivative
instruments also expose us to the risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including when: 

the
 counter-party to the derivative instrument defaults on its contract obligations; 

there
 is an increase in the differential between the underlying price in the derivative instrument and actual prices received (as existed
 in 2021and 2022); or 

the
 steps we take to monitor our derivative financial instruments do not detect and prevent transactions that are inconsistent with our
 risk management strategies. 

29 

In
addition, depending on the type of derivative arrangements we enter into, the agreements could limit the benefit we would receive from
increases in oil prices. It cannot be assumed that the hedging transactions we have entered into, or will enter into, will adequately
protect us from fluctuations in commodity prices. 

The
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act provides for statutory and regulatory requirements
for derivative transactions, including crude oil and natural gas derivative transactions. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act provides
for the creation of position limits for certain derivatives transactions, as well as requiring certain transactions to be cleared on
exchanges for which cash collateral will be required. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the Commodities Futures and Trading Commission (the
 CFTC ), the SEC and other regulators to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the Dodd-Frank Act. 

The
CFTC has finalized other regulations implementing the Dodd-Frank Act s provisions regarding trade reporting, margin, clearing and
trade execution; however, some regulations remain to be finalized and it is not possible at this time to predict when the CFTC will adopt
final rules. For example, the CFTC has re-proposed regulations setting position limits for certain futures and option contracts in the
major energy markets and for swaps that are their economic equivalents. Certain bona fide hedging transactions are expected to be made
exempt from these limits. Also, it is possible that under recently adopted margin rules, some registered swap dealers may require us
to post initial and variation margins in connection with certain swaps not subject to central clearing. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act and any additional implementing regulations could significantly increase the cost of some commodity derivative contracts
(including through requirements to post collateral, which could adversely affect our available liquidity), materially alter the terms
of some commodity derivative contracts, limit our ability to trade some derivatives to hedge risks, reduce the availability of some derivatives
to protect against risks we encounter and reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing commodity derivative contracts.
If we reduce our use of derivatives as a consequence, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less
predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. Increased volatility may make us less
attractive to certain types of investors. Finally, the Dodd-Frank Act was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil and natural
gas prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil and natural
gas. If the implementing regulations result in lower commodity prices, our revenues could be adversely affected. Any of these consequences
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Increases
in the differential between the ceiling value for oil and natural gas prices set forth in our commodity derivative contracts and commodity
derivative collar contracts has in the past adversely affected, and is anticipated to continue to adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
acreage must be drilled before lease expiration, generally within three to five years, in order to hold the acreage by production. In
the highly competitive market for acreage, failure to drill sufficient wells in order to hold acreage will result in a substantial lease
renewal cost, or if renewal is not feasible, the loss of our lease and prospective drilling opportunities. 

Unless
production is established within the spacing units covering the undeveloped acres on which some of our potential drilling locations are
identified, the leases for such acreage will expire. The cost to renew such leases may increase significantly, and we may not be able
to renew such leases on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The risk that our leases may expire will generally increase when commodity
prices fall, as lower prices may cause our operating partners to reduce the number of wells they drill. In addition, on certain portions
of our acreage, third-party leases could become immediately effective if our leases expire. As such, our actual drilling activities may
materially differ from our current expectations, which could adversely affect our business. 

Our
producing properties are primarily located in North Dakota, Montana, Wyoming, New Mexico, Texas Oklahoma and Kansas, making us vulnerable
to risks associated with having operations concentrated in these geographic areas. 

Because
our operations are geographically concentrated in North Dakota, Montana, Wyoming, New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas the success
and profitability of our operations may be disproportionally exposed to the effect of regional events. These include, among others, regulatory
issues, natural disasters and fluctuations in the prices of crude oil and natural gas produced from wells in the region and other regional
supply and demand factors, including gathering, pipeline and other transportation capacity constraints, available rigs, equipment, oil
field services, supplies, labor and infrastructure capacity. Any of these events has the potential to cause producing wells to be shut-in,
delay operations and growth plans, decrease cash flows, increase operating and capital costs and prevent development of lease inventory
before expiration. In addition, our operations in North Dakota, Montana, Wyoming, New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas, may be adversely
affected by seasonal weather and lease stipulations designed to protect wildlife, which can intensify competition for services, infrastructure
and equipment during months when drilling is possible and may result in periodic shortages. Any of these risks could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

30 

Insurance
may be insufficient to cover future liabilities. 

Our
business is currently focused on oil and natural gas exploration and development, and we also have potential exposure to general liability
and property damage associated with the ownership of other corporate assets. We have obtained insurance policies for our oil and natural
gas operations covering both operated and non-operated properties, as well as, policies covering corporate liabilities and damage to
corporate assets. 

We
would be liable for claims in excess of coverage and for any deductible provided for in the relevant policy. If uncovered liabilities
are substantial, payment could adversely impact the Company s cash on hand, resulting in possible curtailment of operations. Moreover,
some liabilities are not insurable at a reasonable cost or at all. 

We
are dependent upon information technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation
and integration. 

We
are dependent upon information technology systems in the conduct of our operations. Our information technology systems are subject to
disruption, damage or failure from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, cyberattacks,
natural disasters and defects in design. Cybersecurity incidents, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious
software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems,
unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. Various measures have been implemented
to manage our risks related to information technology systems and network disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing,
nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could potentially be subject to operational delays, the compromising of confidential
or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems
and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive
position, financial condition or results of operations. 

Improvements
in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Because
our operations depend on the demand for oil and used oil, any improvement in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies (such
as wind, solar, geothermal, fuel cells and biofuels) that increase the use of alternative forms of energy and reduce the demand for oil,
gas and oil and gas related products could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Competition
due to advances in renewable fuels may lessen the demand for our products and negatively impact our profitability. 

Alternatives
to petroleum-based products and production methods are continually under development. For example, a number of automotive, industrial
and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells or clean-burning gaseous fuels that
may address increasing worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns, which if
successful could lower the demand for oil and gas. If these non-petroleum-based products and oil alternatives continue to expand and
gain broad acceptance such that the overall demand for oil and gas is decreased it could have an adverse effect on our operations and
the value of our assets. 

31 

Permitting
requirements could delay our ability to start or continue our operations. 

Oil
and natural gas projects are subject to extensive permitting requirements. Failure to timely obtain required permits to start operations
at a project could cause delay and/or the failure of the project resulting in a potential write-off of the investments made. 

Negative
public perception regarding us and/or our industry could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Negative
public perception regarding us and/or our industry resulting from, among other things, concerns raised by advocacy groups about hydraulic
fracturing, waste disposal, oil spills, seismic activity, climate change, explosions of natural gas transmission lines and the development
and operation of pipelines and other midstream facilities may lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, which may, in turn, lead to new
state and federal safety and environmental laws, regulations, guidelines and enforcement interpretations. Additionally, environmental
groups, landowners, local groups and other advocates may oppose our operations through organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage
our operations or those of our midstream transportation providers, intervene in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our
assets or those of our midstream transportation providers, or file lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt or delay the
development or operation of our assets and business or those of our midstream transportation providers. These actions may cause operational
delays or restrictions, increased operating costs, additional regulatory burdens and increased risk of litigation. Moreover, governmental
authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance and the public may engage in the permitting process,
including through intervention in the courts. Negative public perception could cause the permits we require to conduct our operations
to be withheld, delayed or burdened by requirements that restrict our ability to profitably conduct our business. 

Recently,
activists concerned about the potential effects of climate change have directed their attention towards sources of funding for fossil-fuel
energy companies, which has resulted in certain financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital restricting or eliminating
their investment in energy-related activities. Ultimately, this could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration and production
activities. 

Seasonal
weather conditions adversely affect our ability to conduct drilling activities in some of the areas where we operate. 

Oil
and natural gas operations in the North Dakota, Montana, Wyoming and the Texas Gulf Coast can be adversely affected by seasonal weather
conditions. In North Dakota, Montana and Wyoming, drilling and other oil and natural gas activities sometimes cannot be conducted as
effectively during the winter months, and this can materially increase our operating and capital costs. Texas Gulf Coast operations are
also subject to the risk of adverse weather events, including hurricanes. 

Shortages
of equipment, services and qualified personnel could reduce our cash flow and adversely affect results of operations. 

The
demand for qualified and experienced field personnel to drill wells and conduct field operations, geologists, geophysicists, engineers
and other professionals in the oil and natural gas industry can fluctuate significantly, often in correlation with oil and natural gas
prices and activity levels in new regions, causing periodic shortages. These problems can be particularly severe in certain regions such
as the Williston Basin and Texas. During periods of high oil and natural gas prices, the demand for drilling rigs and equipment tends
to increase along with increased activity levels, and this may result in shortages of equipment. Higher oil and natural gas prices generally
stimulate increased demand for equipment and services and subsequently often result in increased prices for drilling rigs, crews and
associated supplies, oilfield equipment and services, and personnel in exploration, production and midstream operations. These types
of shortages and subsequent price increases could significantly decrease our profit margin, cash flow and operating results and/or restrict
or delay our ability to drill those wells and conduct those activities that we currently have planned and budgeted, causing us to miss
our forecasts and projections. 

32 

Our
oil and natural gas reserves are estimated and may not reflect the actual volumes of oil and natural gas we will receive, and significant
inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. 

The
process of estimating accumulations of oil and natural gas is complex and is not exact, due to numerous inherent uncertainties. The process
relies on interpretations of available geological, geophysical, engineering, and production data. The extent, quality, and reliability
of this technical data can vary. The process also requires certain economic assumptions related to, among other things, oil and natural
gas prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes, and availability of funds. The accuracy of a reserves estimate
is a function of: 

the
 quality and quantity of available data; 

the
 interpretation of that data; 

the
 judgment of the persons preparing the estimate; and 

the
 accuracy of the assumptions. 

The
accuracy of any estimates of proved reserves generally increases with the length of the production history. Due to the limited production
history of our properties, the estimates of future production associated with these properties may be subject to greater variance to
actual production than would be the case with properties having a longer production history. As our wells produce over time and more
data is available, the estimated proved reserves will be re-determined on at least an annual basis and may be adjusted to reflect new
information based upon our actual production history, results of exploration and development, prevailing oil and natural gas prices and
other factors. 

Actual
future production, oil, and natural gas prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses, and quantities of recoverable
oil and natural gas most likely will vary from our estimates. It is possible that future production declines in our wells may be greater
than we have estimated. Any significant variance to our estimates could materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. 

33 

We
may purchase oil and natural gas properties with liabilities or risks that we did not know about or that we did not assess correctly,
and, as a result, we could be subject to liabilities that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Before
acquiring oil and natural gas properties, we estimate the reserves, future oil and natural gas prices, operating costs, potential environmental
liabilities, and other factors relating to the properties. However, our review involves many assumptions and estimates, and their accuracy
is inherently uncertain. As a result, we may not discover all existing or potential problems associated with the properties we buy. We
may not become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and capabilities. We generally do not perform
inspections on every well or property, and we may not be able to observe mechanical and environmental problems even when we conduct an
inspection. The seller may not be willing or financially able to give us contractual protection against any identified problems, and
we may decide to assume environmental and other liabilities in connection with the properties we acquire. If we acquire properties with
risks or liabilities we did not know about or that we did not assess correctly, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected as we settle claims and incur cleanup costs related to these liabilities. 

The
properties we acquired in 2022 may be subject to liabilities or risks that we did not know about or that we did not assess correctly,
and, as a result, we could be subject to liabilities that could adversely affect our results of operations as a result of such acquisitions. 

We
may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions we completed in 2022 and may assume unanticipated liabilities. 

The
success of our 2022 acquisitions will depend on, among other things, our ability to combine our assets and the acquired assets in a manner
that realizes the various benefits, growth opportunities and synergies identified by combining our assets with the acquired assets. Achieving
the anticipated benefits of the acquisition is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Completing the integration process may
be more expensive than anticipated, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to affect the integration of these operations smoothly
or efficiently or that the anticipated benefits of the purchase will be achieved. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Statements 

We
have written down, and may in the future be forced to further write-down, material portions of our assets due to low oil and natural
gas prices. 

The
full cost method of accounting is used for oil and gas acquisition, exploration, development and production activities. Under the full
cost method, all costs associated with the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and natural gas properties are capitalized
and accumulated in a country-wide cost center. This includes any internal costs that are directly related to development and exploration
activities, but does not include any costs related to production, general corporate overhead or similar activities. Proceeds received
from disposals are credited against accumulated cost, except when the sale represents a significant disposal of reserves, in which case
a gain or loss is recognized. The sum of net capitalized costs and estimated future development and dismantlement costs for each cost
center is depleted on the equivalent unit-of-production method, based on proved oil and natural gas reserves. Excluded from amounts subject
to depreciation, depletion and amortization are costs associated with unevaluated properties. 

Under
the full cost method, net capitalized costs are limited to the lower of (a) unamortized cost reduced by the related net deferred tax
liability and asset retirement obligations, and (b) the cost center ceiling. The cost center ceiling is defined as the sum of (i) estimated
future net revenue, discounted at 10 per annum, from proved reserves, based on unescalated costs, adjusted for contract provisions,
any financial derivatives qualifying as accounting hedges and asset retirement obligations, and unescalated oil and natural gas prices
during the period, (ii) the cost of properties not being amortized, and (iii) the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties
included in the cost being amortized, less (iv) income tax effects related to tax assets directly attributable to the natural gas and
crude oil properties. If the net book value reduced by the related net deferred income tax liability and asset retirement obligations
exceeds the cost center ceiling limitation, a non-cash impairment charge is required in the period in which the impairment occurs. 

We
perform a quarterly ceiling test for our only oil and natural gas cost center, which is the United States. During 2022 and 2021, we did
not record ceiling test write-downs, however, during 2020, our capitalized costs for oil and natural gas properties exceeded the ceiling
and, therefore, we recorded an aggregate ceiling test write-down of 2.9 million. The ceiling test incorporates assumptions regarding
pricing and discount rates over which we have no influence in the determination of present value In arriving at the ceiling test for
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used an average price applicable to our properties of 93.67 per barrel for oil and 6.36 per Mcfe
for natural gas, based on average prices per barrel of oil and per Mcfe of natural gas at the first day of each month of the 12-month
period prior to the end of the reporting period, to compute the future cash flows of each of the producing properties at that date. 

34 

Capitalized
costs associated with unevaluated properties include exploratory wells in progress, costs for seismic analysis of exploratory drilling
locations, and leasehold costs related to unproved properties. During 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to an economic downturn resulting
in lower oil prices which required us to incur material write-downs. Unevaluated properties not subject to depreciation, depletion and
amortization amounted to an aggregate of approximately 1.6 million as of December 31, 2022. These costs will be transferred to evaluated
properties to the extent that we subsequently determine the properties are impaired or if proved reserves are established. During 2020,
we impaired 2.1 million of unevaluated properties and reclassified these amounts to the full cost pool. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and our management has concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective for periods since 2017. We cannot
assure you that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies do not exist or that they will not occur in the future.
If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, we may not be able to
accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal
control over financial reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based on the results of management s assessment and evaluation of our internal
controls, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses described below. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have identified the following material weaknesses: 

Third party information technology general controls ITGCs related to our accounting system were not designed appropriately
and reliance could not be placed on the processing integrity of the accounting system. 

Certain control activities with a review component were not implemented
and operating effectively for a sufficient portion of the year and did not include sufficient evidence of review procedures performed
or formal approval by the reviewer. 

Certain business process controls were not implemented for a sufficient
portion of the year and did not include sufficient evidence of operation. 

As
a result, our management also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, such
that the information relating to us required to be disclosed in the reports we file with the SEC (a) is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (b) is accumulated and communicated to our management
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures and such disclosure controls and procedures have not been deemed effective since
approximately December 31, 2016. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. A control deficiency exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees,
in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. 

35 

Maintaining
effective disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal control over financial reporting are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements and the Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses in such controls as promptly as possible.
However, there can be no assurance as to when these material weaknesses will be remediated or that additional material weaknesses will
not arise in the future. Any failure to remediate the material weaknesses, or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our
reporting and financial obligations, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price
of our common stock, and/or result in litigation against us or our management. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening
our controls and procedures, those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or facilitate the
fair presentation of our financial statements or our periodic reports filed with the SEC. 

There
are inherent limitations in all control systems and misstatements due to error or fraud that may occur and not be detected. 

The
ongoing internal control provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require us to identify material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting, which is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management does not expect that our internal controls and disclosure controls, even
assuming all material weaknesses and control deficiencies are remediated, will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefit of controls
must be relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud in our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Further, controls
can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management override of the controls.
The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control
may be inadequate because of changes in conditions, such as growth of the Company or increased transaction volume, or the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due
to error or fraud may not be detected. 

Our
ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and realize built in losses to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax
purposes is subject to limitation. 

In
general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change 
is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses NOLs and realized built in losses RBILS to offset future taxable income. In general, an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain
stockholders (generally 5 stockholders, applying certain look-through rules) increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders 
lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). 

On
December 27, 2017, we paid down debt under our credit facility with APEG II with shares of our common stock, which represented a 49.3 
ownership change in the Company. In addition, on January 5, 2022, we issued 19,905,736 shares of our common stock for the acquisition
of assets, representing an 81.0 ownership change in the Company. As a result of these transactions, our ability to use these NOLs and
RBILS were significantly reduced. 

36 

Risks
Related to Governmental Regulations 

Oil
and natural gas operations are subject to environmental, legislative and regulatory initiatives that can materially adversely affect
the timing and cost of operations and the demand for crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs. 

Our
operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health
and safety, the environment and natural resources. These laws and regulations can restrict or impact our business activities in many
ways including, but not limited to the following: 

requiring
 the installation of pollution-control equipment or otherwise restricting the handling or disposal of wastes and other substances
 associated with operations; 

limiting
 or prohibiting construction activities in sensitive areas, such as wetlands, coastal regions or areas that contain endangered or
 threatened species and/or species of special statewide concern or their habitats; 

requiring
 investigatory and remedial actions to address pollution caused by our operations or attributable to former operations; 

requiring
 noise, lighting, visual impact, odor and/or dust mitigation, setbacks, landscaping, fencing, and other measures; 

restricting
 access to certain equipment or areas to a limited set of employees or contractors who have proper certification or permits to conduct
 work (e.g., confined space entry and process safety maintenance requirements); and 

restricting
 or even prohibiting water use based upon availability, impacts or other factors. 

Failure
to comply with these laws and regulations may trigger a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including
the assessment of monetary penalties, the imposition of remedial or restoration obligations, and the issuance of orders enjoining future
operations or imposing additional compliance requirements. Certain environmental statutes impose strict, joint and several liability
for costs required to clean up and restore sites where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or wastes have been disposed or otherwise released.
Moreover, local restrictions, such as state or local moratoria, city ordinances, zoning laws and traffic regulations, may restrict or
prohibit the execution of operational plans. In addition, third parties, such as neighboring landowners, may file claims alleging property
damage, nuisance or personal injury arising from our operations or from the release of hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or other waste
products into the environment. 

The
trend in environmental regulation is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the environment. We monitor
developments at the federal, state and local levels to keep informed of actions pertaining to future regulatory requirements that might
be imposed in order to mitigate the costs of compliance with any such requirements. We also monitor industry groups that help formulate
recommendations for addressing existing or future regulations and that share best practices and lessons learned in relation to pollution
prevention and incident investigations. 

See
 Environmental Laws and Regulations in Item 1 Business in this Form 10-K for a discussion of the major environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations that relate to our business. We believe, but cannot be certain, that we are in material compliance
with these laws and regulations. We cannot reasonably predict what applicable laws, regulations or guidance may eventually be adopted
with respect to our operations or the ultimate cost to comply with such requirements. 

Proposed
changes to U.S. tax laws, if adopted, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows. 

From
time to time, legislative proposals are made that would, if enacted, result in the elimination of the immediate deduction for intangible
drilling and development costs, the elimination of the deduction from income for domestic production activities relating to oil and gas
exploration and development, the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, and an extension of the amortization
period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. Such changes, if adopted, or other similar changes that reduce or eliminate
deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

37 

Our
ability to produce crude oil, natural gas, and associated liquids economically and in commercial quantities could be impaired if we are
unable to acquire adequate supplies of water for our drilling operations and/or completions or are unable to dispose of or recycle the
water we use at a reasonable cost and in accordance with applicable environmental rules. 

The
hydraulic fracturing process on which we and others in our industry depend to complete wells that will produce commercial quantities
of crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs requires the use and disposal or recycling of significant quantities of water. Our inability to secure
sufficient amounts of water, or to dispose of, or recycle the water used in our operations, could adversely impact our operations. Moreover,
the imposition of new environmental initiatives and regulations could include restrictions on our ability to conduct certain operations
such as hydraulic fracturing or disposal of wastes, including, but not limited to, produced water, drilling fluids, and other wastes
associated with the exploration, development, or production of crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs. 

Compliance
with environmental regulations and permit requirements governing the withdrawal, storage, and use of surface water or groundwater necessary
for hydraulic fracturing of wells may increase our operating costs and cause delays, interruptions, or termination of our operations,
the extent of which cannot be predicted, all of which could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 

Our
industry and the broader US economy have experienced higher than expected inflationary pressures in 2022, related to continued supply
chain disruptions, labor shortages and geopolitical instability. Should these conditions persist, our business, results of operations
and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

2022
saw significant increases in the costs of certain materials, including steel, sand and fuel, as a result of availability constraints,
supply chain disruption, increased demand, labor shortages associated with a fully employed US labor force, high inflation, interest
rates and other factors. Supply and demand fundamentals have been further aggravated by disruptions in global energy supply caused by
multiple geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Recent supply chain constraints and inflationary
pressures may continue to adversely impact our operating costs and may negatively impact our ability to procure materials and equipment
in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, which could result in reduced margins and production delays and, as a result, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

The
conflict in Ukraine and related price volatility and geopolitical instability could negatively impact our business . 

In
late February 2022, Russia launched significant military action against Ukraine. The conflict has caused, and could intensify, volatility
in natural gas, oil and NGL prices, and the extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could
be significant and could potentially have a substantial negative impact on the global economy and/or our business for an unknown period
of time. We believe that the increase in crude oil prices during 2022 has partially been due to the impact of the conflict between Russia
and Ukraine on the global commodity and financial markets, and in response to economic and trade sanctions that certain countries have
imposed on Russia. Any such volatility and disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described herein. 

Risks
Related to Management, Employees and Directors 

Potential
conflicts of interest could arise for certain members of our Board of Directors that hold management positions with other entities and
also represent our majority stockholders. 

John
A. Weinzierl, Duane H. King and Joshua Batchelor, each a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hold various other management
positions with privately-held companies, some of which are involved in the oil and gas industry, and together such persons control or
have joint control, over a majority of our common stock. We believe these positions will not conflict with their roles or responsibilities
with our company. Certain of these entities are party to agreements with the Company and if any of these companies enter into any additional
transactions or agreements with our company, or other related party transactions or matters exist, potential conflicts of interests could
arise from the directors performing services for us and these other entities. 

38 

Certain
of our directors beneficially own approximately 57.0 of our outstanding common stock, which gives them majority voting control over
stockholder matters, and each are also party to a Nominating and Voting Agreement, which allows them to control who is appointed to the
Board of Directors of the Company and their interests may be different from your interests; and as a result of such ownership, we are
a controlled company under applicable Nasdaq Capital Market Rules. 

John
A. Weinzierl, Duane H. King and Joshua Batchelor, our Chairman, director and director, respectively, beneficially own an aggregate of
14,107,140 shares of our common stock, representing approximately 53.3 of our outstanding common stock, including approximately 18.4 ,
7.7 and 25.7 of our common stock beneficially owned by each of John A. Weinzierl, Duane H. King and Joshua Batchelor. As such, Messrs.
Weinzierl, King and Batchelor can control the outcome of all matters requiring a stockholder vote, including the election of directors,
the adoption of amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws and the approval of mergers and other significant corporate
transactions. Subject to any fiduciary duties owed to the stockholders generally, while Messrs. Weinzierl s, King s and Batchelor s
interests may generally be aligned with the interests of our stockholders, in some instances Messrs. Weinzierl, King and Batchelor may
have interests different than the rest of our stockholders. Messrs. Weinzierl s, King s and Batchelor s influence or
control of our company as stockholders may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company and may adversely
affect the voting and other rights of other stockholders. Because Messrs. Weinzierl, King and Batchelor control the stockholder vote,
investors may find it difficult to replace Messrs. Weinzierl, King and Batchelor (and such persons as they may appoint from time to time)
as members of our management and board of directors if they disagree with the way our business is being operated. Additionally, the interests
of Messrs. Weinzierl, King and Batchelor may differ from the interests of the other stockholders and thus result in corporate decisions
that are adverse to other stockholders. 

Separately,
each of the entities controlled by Messrs. Weinzierl, King and Batchelor entered into an Amended and Restated Nominating and Voting Agreement
with us and certain of their affiliates and other third parties. The A R Agreement provides that each of Lubbock, Synergy and Banner
(each a Nominating Party has the right to designate for nomination to the Board two nominees (for so long as such Nominating
Party (and its affiliates) beneficially owns at least 15 of the Company s outstanding common stock) and one nominee (for so long
as such Nominating Party (and its affiliates) beneficially owns at least 5 of the Company s common stock), for appointment at
any stockholder meeting or via any consent to action without meeting of the stockholders of the Company. The A R Agreement also requires
the Board to include such nominees in the slate of directors up for appointment at each meeting of stockholders where directors will
be appointed, and take other actions to ensure that such persons are elected to the Board by the stockholders of the Company. Pursuant
to the A R Agreement, if any Nominating Party s Seller Nominated Party ceases for any reason to serve on the Board, such Seller
Nominated Party will be provided the right to appoint another person to the Board, who shall be appointed to the Board pursuant to the
power to fill vacancies given to the Board without a stockholder vote, by the Bylaws of the Company. 

Because
of Messrs. Weinzierl s, King s and Batchelor s ownership of the Company, as discussed above, we are a controlled
company under the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power
is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and, as such, can elect to be exempt
from certain corporate governance requirements, including requirements that: 

a
 majority of the Board of Directors consist of independent directors; 

the
 board maintain a nominations committee with prescribed duties and a written charter; and 

the
 board maintain a compensation committee with prescribed duties and a written charter and comprised solely of independent directors. 

39 

As
a controlled company, we may elect to rely on some or all of these exemptions, provided that we have to date not
taken advantage of any of these exemptions and do not currently intend to take advantage of any of these exemptions moving forward. Notwithstanding
that, should the interests of Messrs. Weinzierl, King and Batchelor differ from those of other stockholders, the other stockholders may
not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq Capital Market corporate governance
standards. Even if we do not avail ourselves of these exemptions, our status as a controlled company could make our common stock less
attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price. 

We
depend significantly upon the continued involvement of our present management. 

We
depend to a significant degree upon the involvement of our management, specifically, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, Ryan L. Smith. Our performance and success are dependent to a large extent on the efforts and continued employment of Mr. Smith.
We do not believe that Mr. Smith could be quickly replaced with personnel of equal experience and capabilities, and his successor(s)
may not be as effective. If Mr. Smith or any of our other key personnel resign or become unable to continue in their present roles and
if they are not adequately replaced, our business operations could be adversely affected. The Company entered into an agreement with
Mr. Smith on May 5, 2022. The term of Mr. Smith s Employment Agreement commenced on May 5, 2022, and has an initial term expiring
January 1, 2024, subject to automatic one-year renewals thereafter in the event neither party provides the other at least 60 days prior
written notice of their intention not to renew the terms of the agreement. 

We
have an active Board of Directors that meets several times throughout the year and is intimately involved in our business and the determination
of our operational strategies. Members of our Board of Directors work closely with management to identify potential prospects, acquisitions,
and areas for further development. If any of our directors resign or become unable to continue in their present role, it may be difficult
to find replacements with the same knowledge and experience and as a result, our operations may be adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to Our Credit Agreement 

Our
obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets. 

Our
obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets. Additionally,
substantially all of our subsidiaries agreed to guarantee our obligations under the Credit Agreement. As such, our creditor may enforce
its security interests over our assets and/or our subsidiaries which secure the repayment of such obligations, take control of our assets
and operations, force us to seek bankruptcy protection, or force us to curtail or abandon our current business plans and operations.
If that were to happen, any investment in the Company could become worthless. 

Our
failure to comply with the covenants in the documents governing our existing and future indebtedness could materially adversely affect
our financial condition and liquidity. 

In
connection with the Credit Agreement, we agreed to comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants and agreed to meet certain
financial covenants. We are required to make certain mandatory repayments under the Credit Agreement, in the event the borrowing base
decreases below the aggregate amount of loans made by the lenders and/or if as of the last business day of any calendar month, certain
required debt ratios required under the Credit Agreement are not met, there are outstanding amounts owed to the lenders, and the Company
has consolidated cash on hand in excess of 5 million, and in some cases we are also required to pay cash to the agent to be held as
collateral. The Credit Agreement contains customary indemnification requirements, representations and warranties and customary affirmative
and negative covenants applicable to the Loan Parties and their subsidiaries, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness,
liens, investments, mergers, dispositions, prepayment of other indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, and dividends and other distributions.
In addition, the Credit Agreement contains financial covenants, tested quarterly, that limit the Company s ratio of total debt
to EBITDAX (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to 3:1 and require its ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities
(as each is described in the Credit Agreement) to remain at 1:1 or higher. The Credit Agreement also requires us to hedge certain oil
and gas volumes, based on our utilization of the borrowing base. 

40 

Events
of default under the Credit Agreement include: the failure by the Company to timely make payments due under the Credit Agreement; material
misrepresentations or misstatements in any representation or warranty of any of the Loan Parties; failure by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to comply with their covenants under the Credit Agreement and other related agreements, subject in certain cases to rights
to cure; certain defaults under other indebtedness of the Loan Parties; insolvency or bankruptcy-related events with respect to the Company
or any of its subsidiaries; certain unsatisfied judgments against the Company or any of its subsidiaries in an amount in excess of 500,000;
if the Credit Agreement or certain related agreements or security interests created by them cease to be in full force and effect; certain
ERISA-related events reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company and its subsidiaries; and the occurrence of
a change in control, each as discussed in greater detail in the Credit Agreement, and subject to certain cure rights. If any event of
default occurs and is continuing under the Credit Agreement, the lenders may terminate their commitments, and may require the Company
and its subsidiaries to repay outstanding debt and/or to provide a cash deposit as additional security for outstanding letters of credit. 

A
breach of any of the covenants of the Credit Agreement or any future agreements, if uncured or unwaived, could lead to an event of default
under any such document, which in some circumstances could give our creditors the right to demand that we accelerate repayment of amounts
due and/or enforce their security interests over substantially all of our assets. This would likely in turn trigger cross-acceleration
or cross-default rights in other documents governing our indebtedness. Therefore, in the event of any such breach, we may need to seek
covenant waivers or amendments from our creditors or seek alternative or additional sources of financing, and we may not be able to obtain
any such waivers or amendments or alternative or additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, any covenant breach
or event of default could harm our credit rating and our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms. The occurrence of
any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity and/or cause our lenders to enforce
their security interests which could ultimately result in the foreclosure of our assets, which would have a material adverse effect on
our operations and the value of our securities. 

The
covenants in our credit and loan agreements restrict our ability to operate our business and might lead to a default under our Credit
Agreement. 

The
Credit Agreement contains customary indemnification requirements, representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative
covenants applicable to the Loan Parties and their subsidiaries, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness, liens,
investments, mergers, dispositions, prepayment of other indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, and dividends and other distributions.
In addition, the Credit Agreement contains financial covenants, tested quarterly, that limit the Company s ratio of total debt
to EBITDAX (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to 3:1 and require its ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities
(as each is described in the Credit Agreement) to remain at 1:1 or higher. 

As
a result of these covenants and limitations, we may not be able to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and to obtain
additional financing, if needed, and we may be prevented from engaging in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us. Our
Credit Agreement requires, and our future credit facilities and loan agreements may require, us to maintain certain financial ratios
and satisfy certain other financial condition tests. Our ability to meet these financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond
our control, and we may not be able to meet those tests. The breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our Credit
Agreement or future credit facilities. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding
under such Credit Agreement, including accrued interest or other obligations, to be immediately due and payable. If amounts outstanding
under such Credit Agreement were to be accelerated, our assets might not be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness and our other
indebtedness. 

A
prolonged period of weak, or a significant decrease in, industry activity and overall markets, due to COVID-19 or otherwise, may make
it difficult to comply with our covenants and the other restrictions in the agreements governing our debt and current global and market
conditions have increased the potential for that difficulty. 

41 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

We
currently have 245,000,000 shares of common stock authorized and there may be future issuances of sales of our common stock, which could
adversely affect the market price of our common stock and dilute a stockholder s ownership of common stock. 

The
exercise of any options granted to executive officers and other employees under our equity compensation plans could have an adverse effect
on the market price of the shares of our common stock. Additionally, we are not restricted from issuing additional shares of common stock,
including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive shares of common stock,
and currently have 245,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, provided that we are subject to the requirements of The NASDAQ Capital
Market NASDAQ )(which generally requires stockholder approval for any transactions which would result in the issuance of
more than 20 of our then outstanding shares of common stock or voting rights representing over 20 of our then outstanding shares of
stock, subject to certain exceptions, including sales in a public offering and/or sales which are undertaken at or above the lower of
the closing price immediately preceding the signing of the binding agreement or the average closing price for the five trading days preceding
the signing of the binding agreement). Issuances of a substantial number of shares of our common stock and/or sales of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that such issuances or sales might occur could materially
adversely affect the market price of the shares of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in the future, including
in connection with any future offering, will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate
the amount, timing, or nature of our future issuances or offerings. Accordingly, our stockholders bear the risk that our future issuances
and/or offerings will reduce the market price of our common stock and dilute their stock holdings in us. 

We
have established preferred stock which can be designated by the Board of Directors without stockholder approval. 

We
have 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized (none of which are outstanding). Shares of preferred stock may be designated and
issued by our Board of Directors without stockholder approval with voting powers, and such preferences and relative, participating, optional,
or other special rights and powers as determined by our Board of Directors, which may be greater than the shares of common stock currently
outstanding. As a result, shares of preferred stock may be issued by our Board of Directors which cause the holders to have voting power
over our shares or provide the holders of the preferred stock the right to convert the shares of preferred stock they hold into shares
of our common stock, which may cause substantial dilution to our then common stock stockholders and/or have other rights and preferences
(including, but not limited to voting rights) greater than those of our common stock stockholders. Investors should keep in mind that
the Board of Directors has the authority to issue additional shares of preferred stock, which could cause substantial dilution to our
existing stockholders or result in a change of control. Because our Board of Directors is entitled to designate the powers and preferences
of the preferred stock without a vote of our stockholders, subject to NASDAQ rules and regulations, our stockholders will have no control
over what designations and preferences our future preferred stock, if any, will have. 

Our
stock price has historically been and is likely to continue to be, volatile. 

Our
stock is traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol USEG . During the last 52 weeks, our common stock has traded
as high as 8.36 per share and as low as 1.37 per share. We expect our common stock will continue to be subject to wide fluctuations
as a result of a variety of factors, including factors beyond our control. These factors include: 

price
 volatility in the oil and natural gas commodities markets; 

variations
 in our drilling, recompletion and operating activity; 

relatively
 small amounts of our common stock trading on any given day; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

legislative
 and regulatory changes; and 

changes
 in the national and global economic outlook, including, but not limited to, as a result of inflation and interest rates, and global
 conflicts, including the current ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia). 

The
stock market has recently experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, and oil and natural gas prices have declined significantly.
These fluctuations have particularly affected the market prices of securities of oil and natural gas companies like ours. 

42 

Our
Common Stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market if we cannot satisfy Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. 

Among
the conditions required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, Nasdaq requires us to maintain at least 2.5 million in stockholders 
equity, at least 35 million in market value of listed securities or 500,000 in net income over the prior two years or two of the prior
three years, to have a majority of independent directors, and to maintain a stock price over 1.00 per share. Our stockholders 
equity may not remain above Nasdaq s 2.5 million minimum, we may not have at least 35 million in market value of listed securities,
and we may not generate over 500,000 of yearly net income moving forward, we may not be able to maintain independent directors, and
we may not be able to maintain a stock price over 1.00 per share. Delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market could make trading our common
stock more difficult for investors, potentially leading to declines in our share price and liquidity. Without a Nasdaq Capital Market
listing, stockholders may have a difficult time getting a quote for the sale or purchase of our stock, the sale or purchase of our stock
would likely be made more difficult and the trading volume and liquidity of our stock could decline. Delisting from The Nasdaq Capital
Market could also result in negative publicity and could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. The absence
of such a listing may adversely affect the acceptance of our common stock as currency or the value accorded by other parties. Further,
if we are delisted, we would also incur additional costs under state blue sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These
requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock
in the secondary market. If our common stock is delisted by Nasdaq, our common stock may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter
quotation system, such as the OTCQB market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our stock or obtain accurate quotations
as to the market value of our common stock. In the event our common stock is delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market, we may not be able
to list our common stock on another national securities exchange or obtain quotation on an over-the counter quotation system. 

If
we are delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market, your ability to sell your shares of our common stock could also be limited by the penny
stock restrictions, which could further limit the marketability of your shares. 

If
our common stock is delisted, it could come within the definition of penny stock as defined in the Exchange Act
and would then be covered by Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act. That Rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, the
broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to
the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, Rule 15g-9, if it were to become applicable, would affect the ability or willingness
of broker-dealers to sell our securities, and accordingly would affect the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the public
market. These additional procedures could also limit our ability to raise additional capital in the future. 

We
may not be able to continue to pay dividends on our common stock in the future which could impair the value of such stock. 

Under
Delaware law, dividends to stockholders may be made only from the surplus of a company, or, in certain situations, from the net profits
for the current fiscal year or the fiscal year before which the dividend is declared. We have initiated and paid a quarterly dividend
on our common stock since March 2022. We may not be able to legally pay a dividend in the future pursuant to Delaware law and/or our
Board of Directors may choose to discontinue our dividend in the future. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our
financial results, liquidity and financial condition. In the event we cease paying a dividend or reduce our current quarterly dividend,
the value of our common stock may decline in value. 

A
sale of a substantial number of registered shares of common could cause the price of our common stock to decline and make it harder for
us to sell equity in the future. 

We
have registered the resale of 19,905,736 shares of common stock pursuant to a Form S-3 Registration Statement, which shares of common
stock represent approximately 78.9 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Such shares of common stock may be resold in the public
market immediately without restriction. The registered shares represent a significant number of shares of our common stock, and if sold
in the market all at once or at about the same time, could significantly depress the market price of our common stock during the period
the registration statement remains effective and could also affect our ability to raise equity capital in the future at a time and price
that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

43 

Risks
Relating to Our Governing Documents and Delaware Law 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limits their liability, which
may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our stockholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit
of officers or directors. 

Article
VI.B. of our Certificate of Incorporation provides for indemnification as follows: To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who is
or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding by reason of the fact that
he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving
at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint
venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an
 indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer,
employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss
suffered and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and
amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the
fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an indemnitee in
defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, to the extent
required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon
receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined
that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under Article VI.B. of the Certificate of Incorporation or
otherwise. 

Our
obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors
for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against
our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore,
a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our
officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities
arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling
person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection
with our activities, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a
court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely
to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market
and price for our shares. 

44 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation contains a specific provision that limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the Company
and the Company s stockholders and requires us, under certain circumstances, to indemnify officers, directors and employees. 

The
limitation of monetary liability against our directors, officers and employees under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification
rights to them may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers and employees. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation contains a specific provision that limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the Company
and the Company s stockholders, including as a result of a breach of their fiduciary duties, except to the extent such exception
from liability is not permitted under Delaware General Corporation Law. We also have contractual indemnification obligations under our
employment and engagement agreements with our executive officers and directors, as well as pursuant to indemnification agreements. The
foregoing indemnification obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage
awards against our directors and officers, which the Company may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage
us from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly discourage the
filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers, even though such actions, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

Anti-takeover
provisions may impede the acquisition of the Company. 

Certain
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL) have anti-takeover effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other
business combination, notwithstanding the fact that our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we are not subject to Section 203
of the DGCL, which relates to certain restrictions on business combinations with interested stockholders. These provisions are intended
to encourage any person interested in acquiring the Company to negotiate with, and to obtain the approval of, our directors, in connection
with such a transaction. As a result, certain of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of the Company, including an acquisition
in which the stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. In addition, we can also authorize blank check 
preferred stock, which could be issued by our Board of Directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend
and other rights superior to our common stock. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, might discourage,
delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common
stock. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent
a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might
otherwise receive a premium for your shares of our common stock. These provisions may also prevent or delay attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our management. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 

a
 classified board of directors, as a result of which our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving
 for staggered three-year terms; 

the
 removal of directors only for cause; 

requiring
 advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates
 for election to our Board of Directors; 

authorizing
 blank check preferred stock, which could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock;
 and 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers. 

45 

Any
provision of our Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring
a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could
also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

The
existence of the foregoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the
future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that
you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation contains exclusive forum provisions that may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf
of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee
or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant
to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim
governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

The
choice of forum provision in our Certificate of Incorporation does not waive our compliance with our obligations under the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Moreover, the provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or by the Securities Act. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all
suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and Section 22 of
the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts with respect to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability
created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to
entertain claims under the Securities Act. 

Notwithstanding
the above, to prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different
courts, among other considerations, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that unless the Company consents, the U.S. federal district
courts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. However,
there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision. While the Delaware courts have determined that choice of forum
provisions of the type included in our Certificate of Incorporation are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring
a claim in a venue other than those designated in our exclusive forum provision. In such instance, to the extent applicable, we would
expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of our exclusive forum provision. This may require additional costs associated
with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those
other jurisdictions. 

These
exclusive forum provisions may limit the ability of the Company s stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders
find favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company s directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against
the Company and the Company s directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find one or more of these exclusive forum
provisions inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions or forums, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

46 

General
Risk Factors 

Because
we are a smaller reporting company, the requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act, may strain our resources, increase our costs
and distract management, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. 

As
a public company with listed equity securities, we must comply with the federal securities laws, rules and regulations, including certain
corporate governance provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act,
related rules and regulations of the SEC and NASDAQ, with which a private company is not required to comply. Complying with these laws,
rules and regulations will occupy a significant amount of time of our board of directors and management and will significantly increase
our costs and expenses, which we cannot estimate accurately at this time. Among other things, we must: 

establish
 and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

comply
 with rules and regulations promulgated by NASDAQ; 

prepare
 and distribute periodic public reports in compliance with our obligations under the federal securities laws; 

maintain
 various internal compliance and disclosures policies, such as those relating to disclosure controls and procedures and insider trading
 in our common stock; 

involve
 and retain to a greater degree outside counsel and accountants in the above activities; 

maintain
 a comprehensive internal audit function; and 

maintain
 an investor relations function. 

In
addition, being a public company subject to these rules and regulations may require us to accept less director and officer liability
insurance coverage than we desire or to incur substantial costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for
us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee, and qualified executive
officers. 

Our
business could be adversely affected by security threats, including cybersecurity threats. 

We
face various security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive information or to render
our information or systems unusable, and threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure or third-party facilities and infrastructure,
such as gathering and processing facilities, refineries, rail facilities and pipelines. The potential for such security threats subjects
our operations to increased risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
For example, unauthorized access to our seismic data, reserves information or other proprietary information could lead to data corruption,
communication interruptions, or other disruptions to our operations. 

Our
implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate such security threats and to increase security for our information,
systems, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased capital and operating costs. Moreover, there can be no assurance that
such procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security breaches from occurring. If any of these security breaches were to
occur, they could lead to losses of, or damage to, sensitive information or facilities, infrastructure and systems essential to our business
and operations, as well as data corruption, reputational damage, communication interruptions or other disruptions to our operations,
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

The
threat and impact of terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks or similar hostilities may adversely impact our operations. 

We
cannot assess the extent of either the threat or the potential impact of future terrorist attacks on the energy industry in general,
and on us in particular, either in the short-term or in the long-term. Uncertainty surrounding such hostilities may affect our operations
in unpredictable ways, including the possibility that infrastructure facilities, including pipelines and gathering systems, production
facilities, processing plants and refineries, could be targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror, a cyber-attack or electronic
security breach, or an act of war. 

47 

The
marketability of our production is dependent upon oil and natural gas gathering and transportation and storage facilities owned and operated
by third parties, and the unavailability of satisfactory oil and natural gas transportation arrangements have had a material adverse
effect on our revenue in the past and may again in the future. 

The
unavailability of satisfactory oil and natural gas transportation arrangements has in the past hindered our access to oil and natural
gas markets and has delayed production from our wells. The availability of a ready market for our oil and natural gas production depends
on a number of factors, including the demand for, and supply of, oil and natural gas and the proximity of reserves to pipelines, terminal
facilities and storage facilities. Our ability to market our production depends in substantial part on the availability and capacity
of gathering systems, pipelines and processing facilities owned and operated by third parties. Our failure to obtain these services on
acceptable terms has in the past, and could in the future, materially harm our business. We do not expect to purchase firm transportation
capacity on third-party facilities. Therefore, we expect the transportation of our production to be generally interruptible in nature
and lower in priority to those having firm transportation arrangements. 

The
disruption of third-party facilities due to maintenance and/or weather could negatively impact our ability to market and deliver our
products. The third parties control when or if such facilities are restored after disruption, and what prices will be charged
for products. Federal and state regulation of oil and natural gas production and transportation, tax and energy policies, changes in
supply and demand, pipeline pressures, damage to or destruction of pipelines and general economic conditions could adversely affect our
ability to produce, gather and transport oil and natural gas. 

We
may have difficulty managing growth in our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations and our ability to execute our business plan in a timely fashion. 

Because
of our small size, growth in accordance with our business plans, if achieved, will place a significant strain on our financial, technical,
operational and management resources. As we expand our activities, including our planned increase in oil exploration, development and
production, and increase the number of projects we are evaluating or in which we participate, there will be additional demands on our
financial, technical and management resources. The failure to continue to upgrade our technical, administrative, operating and financial
control systems or the occurrence of unexpected expansion difficulties, including the inability to recruit and retain experienced managers,
geoscientists, petroleum engineers and landmen could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations and our ability to execute our business plan in a timely fashion. 

Failure
to adequately protect critical data and technology systems could materially affect our operations. 

Information
technology solution failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security could disrupt our operations by causing delays or cancellation
of customer orders, impeding processing of transactions and reporting financial results, resulting in the unintentional disclosure of
customer, employee or our information, or damage to our reputation. There can be no assurance that a system failure or data security
breach will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

If
we complete acquisitions or enter into business combinations in the future, they may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. 

If
we complete acquisitions or enter into business combinations in the future, funding permitting, we could have difficulty integrating
the acquired companies assets, personnel and operations with our own. Additionally, acquisitions, mergers or business combinations
we may enter into in the future could result in a change of control of the Company, and a change in the board of directors or officers
of the Company. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired business may not be willing to work for us. We cannot predict the effect
expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we are successful in making an acquisition or completing a business combination,
the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. In addition to
the risks described above, acquisitions and business combinations are accompanied by a number of inherent risks, including, without limitation,
the following: 

the
 difficulty of integrating acquired companies, concepts and operations; 

the
 potential disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of our management and the management of acquired companies; 

48 

change
 in our business focus and/or management; 

difficulties
 in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

the
 potential impairment of relationships with employees and partners as a result of any integration of new management personnel; 

the
 potential inability to manage an increased number of locations and employees; 

our
 ability to successfully manage the companies and/or concepts acquired; 

the
 failure to realize efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; or 

the
 effect of any government regulations which relate to the business acquired. 

Our
business could be severely impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems
encountered in connection with an acquisition or business combination, many of which cannot be presently identified. These risks and
problems could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results
of operations. 

Any
acquisition or business combination transaction we enter into in the future could cause substantial dilution to existing stockholders,
result in one party having majority or significant control over the Company or result in a change in business focus of the Company. 

If
persons engage in short sales of our common stock, the price of our common stock may decline. 

Selling
short is a technique used by a stockholder to take advantage of an anticipated decline in the price of a security. In addition, holders
of options and warrants will sometimes sell short knowing they can, in effect, cover through the exercise of an option or warrant, thus
locking in a profit. A significant number of short sales or a large volume of other sales within a relatively short period of time can
create downward pressure on the market price of a security. Further sales of common stock issued upon exercise of future warrants or
other convertible securities could cause even greater declines in the price of our common stock due to the number of additional shares
available in the market upon such exercise, which could encourage short sales that could further undermine the value of our common stock.
Stockholders could, therefore, experience a decline in the values of their investment as a result of short sales of our common stock. 

Stockholders
may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through the issuance of securities. 

Wherever
possible, our Board of Directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that
the non-cash consideration will consist of shares of our common stock, preferred stock, or warrants to purchase shares of our common
stock. Our Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of the stockholders, subject to the requirements of The NASDAQ Capital
Market (which generally require stockholder approval for any transactions which would result in the issuance of more than 20 of our
then outstanding shares of common stock or voting rights representing over 20 of our then outstanding shares of stock, subject to certain
exceptions, including sales in a public offering and/or sales which are undertaken at or above the lower of the closing price immediately
preceding the signing of the binding agreement or the average closing price for the five trading days preceding the signing of the binding
agreement), to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares of common stock, preferred stock or warrants to purchase such
shares of common stock. In addition, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock, possibly at a discount to
market in the future. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing stockholders and may further dilute
common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing management s ability
to maintain control of us, because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management. 

49 

Future
litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements. 

From
time to time, we are involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and may be involved in governmental and other legal proceedings arising
out of the ordinary course of our business. Many of these matters raise difficult and complicated factual and legal issues and are subject
to uncertainties and complexities. The timing of the final resolutions to these types of matters is often uncertain. Additionally, the
possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial
payments, adversely affecting our results of operations and liquidity. 

We
may become involved in securities class action litigation that could divert management s attention and harm the combined company s
business, and insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all costs and damages. 

In
the past, securities class action or stockholder derivative litigation often follows certain significant business transactions, such
as a material acquisition such as the one completed in January 2022. The combined company may become involved in this type of litigation
in the future. Litigation often is expensive and diverts management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect the
combined company s business. 

The
physical effects of climate change could disrupt our production and cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding
to those effects. An economy-wide transition to lower GHG energy sources could have a variety of adverse effects on our operations and
financial results. 

Many
scientists have shown that increasing concentrations of carbon dioxide, methane and other GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere are changing
global climate patterns. One consequence of climate change could be increased severity of extreme weather, such as increased hurricanes
and floods. If such events were to occur, or become more frequent, our operations could be adversely affected in various ways, including
through damage to our facilities or from increased costs for insurance. 

Another
possible consequence of climate change is increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. The market for natural gas is generally improved
by periods of colder weather and impaired by periods of warmer weather, so any changes in climate could affect the market for the fuels
that we produce. As a result, if there is an overall trend of warmer temperatures, it would be expected to have an adverse effect on
our business. 

Efforts
by governments, international bodies, businesses and consumers to reduce GHGs and otherwise mitigate the effects of climate change are
ongoing. The nature of these efforts and their effects on our business are inherently unpredictable and subject to change. However, actions
taken by private parties in anticipation of, or to facilitate, a transition to a lower-GHG economy will affect us as well. For example,
our cost of capital may increase if lenders or other market participants decline to invest in fossil fuel-related companies for regulatory
or reputational reasons. Similarly, increased demand for low-carbon or renewable energy sources from consumers could reduce the demand
for, and the price of, the products we produce. Technological changes, such as developments in renewable energy and low-carbon transportation,
could also adversely affect demand for our products. 

The
Company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. 

The
Company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in
the event of a significant incident or series of incidents causing catastrophic loss. As a result, the Company is, to a substantial extent,
self-insured for such events. The Company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term
obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. The occurrence of a significant incident, series of events, or unforeseen
liability for which the Company is self-insured, not fully insured or for which insurance recovery is significantly delayed could have
a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 

Increasing
attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters may impact our business. 

Increasing
attention to ESG matters, including those related to climate change and sustainability, increasing societal, investor and legislative
pressure on companies to address ESG matters, may result in increased costs, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation
or threats thereof, negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets, and damage to our reputation. Increasing attention
to climate change, for example, may result in demand shifts for hydrocarbon and additional governmental investigations and private litigation,
or threats thereof, against the Company. In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and
related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters, including climate change
and climate-related risks. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Also, some stakeholders,
including but not limited to sovereign wealth, pension, and endowment funds, have been divesting and promoting divestment of or screening
out of fossil fuel equities and urging lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Unfavorable
ESG ratings and investment community divestment initiatives, among other actions, may lead to negative investor sentiment toward the
Company and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access
to and costs of capital. Additionally, evolving expectations on various ESG matters, including biodiversity, waste and water, may increase
costs, require changes in how we operate and lead to negative stakeholder sentiment. 

50 

Global
economic conditions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth. 

Adverse
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs, changes to fiscal and monetary policy,
tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment and currency fluctuations could materially adversely affect our operations,
expenses, access to capital and the market for oil and gas. In addition, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic
conditions could have a significant impact on our expected funding sources, suppliers and partners. A downturn in the economic environment
could also lead to limitations on our ability to issue new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair value of our financial instruments.
These and other economic factors could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth. 

We
may be adversely affected by climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. 

The
long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict; however, such effects may be widespread. Impacts from climate change may
include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects
(such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology
changes) and other adverse effects. The effects of climate change could increase the cost of certain products, commodities and energy
(including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of our business.
Climate change could also lead to increased costs as a result of physical damage to or destruction of our facilities, equipment and business
interruption due to weather events that may be attributable to climate change. These events and impacts could materially adversely affect
our business operations, financial position or results of operation. 

We
might be adversely impacted by changes in accounting standards. 

Our
consolidated financial statements are subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which periodically is revised or reinterpreted. From time
to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB and the SEC. It is possible that future accounting standards may require changes to the
accounting treatment in our consolidated financial statements and may require us to make significant changes to our financial systems.
Such changes might have a materially adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

SEC
rules could limit our ability to book additional proved undeveloped reserves PUDs in the future. 

SEC
rules require that, subject to limited exceptions, PUDs may only be booked if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five
years after the date of booking. This requirement has limited and may continue to limit our ability to book additional PUDs as we pursue
our drilling program. Moreover, we may be required to write down our PUDs if we do not drill or plan on delaying those wells within the
required five-year timeframe. 

51 

Future
changes to U.S. tax laws, if adopted, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows. 

From
time to time, legislative proposals are made that would, if enacted, result in the elimination of the immediate deduction for intangible
drilling and development costs, the elimination of the deduction from income for domestic production activities relating to oil and gas
exploration and development, the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, and an extension of the amortization
period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. Such changes, if adopted, or other similar changes that reduce or eliminate
deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
oil and gas properties are described below and under Item 8, Notes 5 and 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under the captions Oil and Natural Gas Producing Activities and
 Supplemental Oil and Natural Gas Information (Unaudited) , respectively. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Interests 

Reserve
estimates are based on average prices per barrel of oil and per Mcfe of natural gas at the first day of each month of the 12-month period
prior to the end of the reporting period. Reserve estimates as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are based on the following average
prices, in each case as adjusted for transportation, quality, and basis differentials applicable to our properties on a weighted average
basis: 

Average Price During 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Oil (per Bbl) 
 93.67 
 66.56 
 39.57 
 
 Gas (per Mcfe) 
 6.36 
 3.60 
 1.99 

Presented
below is a summary of our proved oil and natural gas reserve quantities, all of which are located in the United States, as of the end
of each of our last three fiscal years: 

As of December 31, 

2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 2020 (1) 

Oil 
 Natural Gas 
 Total 
 Oil 
 Natural Gas 
 Total 
 Oil 
 Natural Gas 
 Total 

(MBbl) 
 (MMcf) 
 (MBOE) 
 (MBbl) 
 (MMcf) 
 (MBOE) 
 (MBbl) 
 (MMcf) 
 (MBOE) 

Proved developed 
 5,109 
 16,317 
 7,828 
 1,022 
 1,938 
 1,345 
 871 
 1,677 
 1,151 
 
 Proved non-producing 
 31 
 31 
 36 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 105 
 - 
 105 
 
 Proved undeveloped 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total proved reserves 
 5,140 
 16,348 
 7,864 
 1,022 
 1,938 
 1,345 
 976 
 1,677 
 1,256 

(1) 
 Our
 reserve estimates as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are based on reserve reports prepared by Don Jacks, PE. A copy of Mr. Jacks 
 latest report is filed as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. 

52 

Internal
Controls Over Proved Reserve Estimates 

Our
internal controls over the recording of proved reserves are structured to objectively and accurately estimate our reserve quantities
and values in compliance with the SEC s regulations. Our process for managing and monitoring our proved reserves is delegated to
On Point Resources, a third-party independent petroleum engineering company. Oversight is provided by management and the Audit Committee
of our Board of Directors, as discussed below. 

On
Point Resources principal, Don Jacks has worked in the energy industry since 1981 and has been contracted by the Company to perform
our proved reserve estimates since 2019. He holds a Bachelor of Science Degree and a Master of Science Degree in Petroleum Engineering
from The University of Texas at Austin and has been a Registered Professional Petroleum Engineer in the state of Texas since 1992. He is also
a member of the Society of Petroleum Evaluation Engineers (SPEE) and has been a chapter officer since 2005. Technical and engineering
reviews of our assets are performed quarterly by Mr. Jacks and reported to our management. Data obtained from these reviews, in conjunction
with economic data and our ownership information, is used in making a determination of estimated proved reserve quantities. 

Our
reserves are reviewed by our management quarterly and by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors at least annually. Our management,
which includes our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, are responsible for reviewing and
verifying that the estimate of proved reserves is reasonable, complete, and accurate. The Audit Committee reviews a summary of the final
reserves estimate and meets independently with Mr. Jacks separate from our management to discuss processes and findings in the reserve
report. The Audit Committee can and does request reports and information from Mr. Jacks to independently verify values reported by the
management team. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our proved reserves totaled 7,865 MBOE, of which 100 were classified as proved developed. On a BOE basis, approximately
65 of the total proved reserves are derived from 5,140 MBbls of oil and 35 is derived from 16,348 MMcfe of natural gas and NGLs. See
the Glossary of Oil and Natural Gas Terms above for an explanation of these and other terms. 

You
should not place undue reliance on estimates of proved reserves. See Risk Factors - Our estimated reserves are based on many
assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or the relevant underlying assumptions
will materially affect the quantity and present value of our reserves. A variety of methodologies are used to determine our
proved reserve estimates. The principal methodologies employed are reservoir simulation, decline curve analysis, volumetrics, material
balance, advance production type curve matching, petrophysics/log analysis and analogy. Some combination of these methods is used to
determine reserve estimates in substantially all of our fields. 

The
primary inputs to the reserve estimation process are comprised of technical information, financial data, ownership interests and production
data. All field and reservoir technical information is assessed for validity when meetings are held with management, land personnel and
third-party operators to discuss field performance and to validate future development plans. Current revenue and expense information
is obtained from our accounting records, which are subject to their own set of internal controls over financial reporting. All current
financial data such as commodity prices, lease operating expenses, production taxes and field commodity price differentials are updated
in the reserve database and then analyzed to ensure that they have been entered accurately and that all updates are complete. Our current
ownership in mineral interests and well production data are also subject to the aforementioned internal controls over financial reporting,
and they are incorporated into the reserve database as well and verified to ensure their accuracy and completeness. Our reserve database
is currently maintained by Don Jacks, PE. Mr. Jacks works with our personnel to review field performance, future development plans, current
revenues and expense information. Following these reviews, the reserve database and supporting data is updated so that Mr. Jacks can
prepare his independent reserve estimates and final report. 

Proved
Undeveloped Reserves. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did not record any proved undeveloped PUD reserves due to the lack of an approved development plan for development of potential PUD reserves and uncertainty in 2021 and 2020
regarding the availability of capital that would be required to develop any PUD reserves. Currently, we are evaluating potential PUD
locations, which may result in future PUD reserves. 

53 

Oil
and Natural Gas Production, Production Prices, and Production Costs. The following table sets forth certain information regarding
our net production volumes, average sales prices realized and certain expenses associated with sales of oil and natural gas for the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Production Volume 

Oil (Bbls) 
 396,456 
 93,722 
 60,469 
 
 Natural gas (Mcfe) 
 1,344,736 
 176,657 
 116,085 
 
 BOE 
 620,579 
 123,165 
 79,816 

Daily Average Production Volume 

Oil (Bbls per day) 
 1,086 
 257 
 165 
 
 Natural gas (Mcfe per day) 
 3,684 
 484 
 317 
 
 BOE per day 
 1,700 
 337 
 218 

Net prices realized (1) 

Oil per Bbl 
 91.54 
 63.55 
 35.18 
 
 Natural gas per Mcfe 
 6.14 
 3.97 
 1.75 
 
 Oil and natural gas per BOE 
 71.79 
 54.05 
 29.19 

Operating Expenses per BOE 

Lease operating expenses and production taxes 
 32.63 
 22.38 
 21.34 
 
 Depletion, depreciation and amortization 
 15.31 
 4.61 
 5.09 

(1) 
 Net prices realized represent actual prices realized without regard to
the effects of commodity derivatives. 

We
encourage you to read this information in conjunction with the information contained in our financial statements and related notes included
in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K under Financial Statements and Supplemental Data . 

The
following table provides a regional summary of our production for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Oil 
 Natural Gas 
 Total 
 Oil 
 Natural Gas 
 Total 
 Oil 
 Natural Gas 
 Total 

(Bbl) 
 (Mcfe) 
 (BOE) 
 (Bbl) 
 (Mcfe) 
 (BOE) 
 (Bbl) 
 (Mcfe) 
 (BOE) 

Rockies 
 161,655 
 223,394 
 198,887 
 45,560 
 96,730 
 61,682 
 38,021 
 65,059 
 48,864 
 
 South Texas 
 65,493 
 107,090 
 83,342 
 14,321 
 23,273 
 18,200 
 18,687 
 30,080 
 23,700 
 
 West Texas 
 57,721 
 64,100 
 68,404 
 15,441 
 59,193 
 25,307 
 2,472 
 12,766 
 4,600 
 
 Gulf Coast 
 40,318 
 73,745 
 52,608 
 17,971 
 - 
 17,971 
 991 
 - 
 991 
 
 Mid-continent 
 71,269 
 876,407 
 217,338 
 429 
 (2,539 
 5 
 298 
 8,180 
 1,661 

Total 
 396,456 
 1,344,736 
 620,579 
 93,722 
 176,657 
 123,165 
 60,469 
 116,085 
 79,816 

54 

Drilling
and Other Exploratory and Development Activities. The following table sets forth information with respect to development and exploratory
activity on wells in which we own an interest during the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 

Development wells: 

Productive 
 8 
 0.24 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-productive 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sub-total 
 8 
 0.24 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exploratory wells: 

Productive 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-productive 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sub-total 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 8 
 0.24 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
number of gross wells is the total number of wells we participated in, regardless of our ownership interest in the wells. The information
above should not be considered indicative of future drilling performance, nor should it be assumed that there is any correlation between
the number of productive wells drilled and the amount of oil and natural gas that may ultimately be recovered. See Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Present
Activities. As of April 12, 2023, we are not drilling or participating in the drilling of any wells, however, we are in the process
of returning to production idle wells we acquired in 2022. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Properties, Wells, Operations and Acreage. The following table summarizes information about our gross and net productive
wells as of December 31, 2022. 

Gross Producing Wells 
 Net Producing Wells 
 Average Working Interest 

Oil 
 Gas 
 Total 
 Oil 
 Gas 
 Total 
 Oil 
 Gas 
 Total 

Rockies 
 405 
 5 
 410 
 307.7 
 5.0 
 312.7 
 75.9 
 100.0 
 76.2 
 
 South Texas 
 29 
 1 
 30 
 12.2 
 1.0 
 13.2 
 42.0 
 100.0 
 43.9 
 
 Gulf Coast 
 36 
 6 
 42 
 32.9 
 5.2 
 38.1 
 91.3 
 87.1 
 90.7 
 
 West Texas 
 93 
 2 
 95 
 84.4 
 0.8 
 85.2 
 90.8 
 0.4 
 89.6 
 
 Mid-continent 
 153 
 37 
 190 
 129.7 
 16.1 
 145.8 
 84.8 
 43.7 
 76.8 

Total 
 716 
 51 
 767 
 566.9 
 28.1 
 595.0 
 79.2 
 55.1 
 77.6 

Wells
are classified as oil or natural gas wells according to the predominant production stream. 

Acreage.
 The following table summarizes our estimated developed and undeveloped leasehold acreage as of December 31, 2022: 

Developed 
 Undeveloped 
 Total 
 
 Area 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 

North Dakota 
 227,652 
 128,800 
 - 
 - 
 227,652 
 128,800 
 
 South Texas 
 9,583 
 2,533 
 4,065 
 449 
 13,648 
 2,982 
 
 Gulf Coast 
 2,534 
 994 
 - 
 - 
 2,534 
 994 
 
 West Texas 
 34,678 
 16,888 
 - 
 - 
 34,678 
 16,888 
 
 Mid-Continent 
 36,038 
 20,532 
 - 
 - 
 36,038 
 20,532 

Total 
 310,485 
 169,747 
 4,065 
 449 
 314,550 
 170,196 

As
a non-operator, we are subject to lease expiration if the operator does not commence the development of operations within the agreed
terms of our leases. In addition, our leases typically provide that the lease does not expire at the end of the primary term if drilling
operations have commenced. As of December 31, 2022, all of our acreage is held
by production. 

55 

Real
Estate 

In
August 2021, we sold our 30,400 square-foot office building and 14- acre tract we owned in Riverton, Wyoming. The office building
once served as our corporate headquarters but was rented to non-affiliates and government agencies. We received net proceeds of 440
thousand on the sale of the building and land and recorded a loss of 151 thousand in 2021. In addition, we own three city lots
covering 13.84 acres adjacent to the office building that are currently listed for sale. We expect to sell these lots in 2023.
However, there can be no assurance that sales of any of these lots will be completed on the terms, or in the time frame, we
expect or at all. 

Office
Space 

As
of April 12, 2023, we have leased office space as summarized in the table below: 

Approximate Square 
 Footage Leased 
 
 Houston-corporate office 
 11,000 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our
business. We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings that we believe could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings
in the future. 

Prior
litigation and other legal proceedings which have been settled to date, are described in, and incorporated by reference in, this Item
3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K from, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 9. Commitments, Contingencies, and Related Party Transactions ,
under the heading Litigation . 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol USEG . 

Holders 

As
of April 12, 2023, we had 25,234,672 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by 384 stockholders of record. 

56 

Dividends 

We
paid three cash quarterly dividends on common stock during fiscal year 2022 totaling an aggregate of 1.7 million, or 0.0225 per
share per quarter. We did not pay dividends on common stock in fiscal years 2021 and 2020. The determination to pay dividends on our
common stock is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other factors, our results of operations,
financial condition, capital requirements and contractual restrictions, provided that we currently anticipate continuing to pay
dividends on our common stock during 2023. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There
were no sales of unregistered securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, or for the period from January 1, 2023 to the
filing date of this report, which have not previously been reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by The Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This
discussion includes forward-looking statements. Please refer to Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements of this annual report on Form 10-K for important information about these types of statements and Risk
Factors , above. Additionally, please refer to the Glossary of Oil and Natural Gas Terms of this annual report
on Form 10-K for oil and natural gas industry terminology used herein. 

Summary
of The Information Contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is provided in addition to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition,
and cash flows. MD A is organized as follows: 

Recent
 Developments . Discussion of recent developments affecting the Company and our operations. 

Plan
 of Operations and Strategy . Discussion of our strategy moving forward and how we plan to seek to increase stockholder value. 

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates . Accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments
 incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts. 

Results
 of Operations . An analysis of our financial results comparing the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources . A discussion of our financial condition, including descriptions of balance sheet information and cash
 flows. 

57 

Recent
Developments 

Acquisitions 

On
January 5, 2022, we closed the acquisitions of assets from three separate Purchase and Sale Agreements entered into by the Company on
October 4, 2021, with (i) Lubbock Energy Partners LLC, (ii) Banner Oil Gas, LLC, Woodford Petroleum, LLC and Llano Energy LLC (collectively,
 Banner ), and (iii) Synergy Offshore LLC for approximately 68.7 million. The acquisition has an effective date of January
1, 2022. The purchase price included payment of 1.25 million in cash and issuance of 19,905,736 shares of our common stock, valued at
 64.7 million. In addition, we assumed Banner s debt of approximately 3.3 million and derivative positions, which were in a loss
position of 3.1 million. The assets acquired include certain oil and gas properties representing a diversified, portfolio of primarily
operated, producing, oil-weighted assets located across the Rockies, West Texas, Eagle Ford, and Mid-Continent. The acquisition also
included certain wells, contracts, technical data, records, personal property and hydrocarbons associated with the acquired assets. 

On
May 3, 2022, the Company acquired certain operated oil and gas producing properties in Liberty County, Texas, adjacent to its existing
assets in the area, for 1.0 million in an all-cash transaction. The effective date of the transaction was April 1, 2022. The assets
include approximately 1,022 acres, which are 100 held by production, a gas pipeline and associated infrastructure. In addition, the
Company assumed suspense accounts of 0.2 million and asset retirement obligations of 0.5 million. The Company accounted for the acquisition
as an asset acquisition. 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the PSA with ETXENERGY, LLC (the
 Seller ). Pursuant to the PSA, we agreed to acquire all of the Seller s rights to, and interest in,
certain operated producing properties totaling approximately 16,600 net acres, located in Henderson and Anderson Counties, Texas,
adjacent to the Company s existing assets in the area. Substantially all of the acreage is developed and/or held by
production. The acquisition also included certain wells, pipelines, contracts, technical data, records, personal property and
hydrocarbons associated with the Properties, including two pipeline gathering systems and related infrastructure (collectively with
the oil and gas properties to be acquired, the ETXEnergy Assets ). The PSA closed on July 27, 2022, at which
time we acquired the ETXEnergy Assets in consideration for the purchase price of 11.875 million in cash, less purchase price adjustments. The effective
date of the acquisition was June 1, 2022. 

On
July 26, 2022, in anticipation of the closing of the PSA, we entered into a letter agreement with Firstbank whereby we increased our
borrowing base under the Credit Agreement from 15 million to 20 million, and paid the administrative agent an upfront fee of 32,500
in connection with such increase (the Borrowing Base Increase ). 

Volatility in Commodity Prices 

Commodity prices remained steady during the fourth
quarter of 2022 as demand has continued to outpace relative supply. While recessionary concerns have placed some downward pressure on
commodity prices, causing oil and gas prices to decline in the first quarter of 2023 from their earlier highs in 2022, worldwide commodity
demand continues to exceed pre COVID-19 pandemic levels. Although supply has increased, it has been constrained and pricing has been affected,
in part by the impact of the Russian-Ukrainian military conflict on global commodity and financial markets, and the associated effect
of trade sanctions on imports of oil and natural gas from Russia. Because the factors mentioned above could suddenly change or reverse,
global commodity and financial markets remain subject to heightened levels of uncertainty and volatility, and future disruptions could
result in industry-specific impacts. 

Rising Inflation and Interest Rates 

Reversing a trend experienced in 2020 in connection with the impact of
COVID-19 and historically low crude oil prices, the cost of oilfield services, equipment and materials began to rise in 2021 and continued
to rise through 2022 in conjunction with the significant increase in commodity prices, labor tightening and supply chain disruptions caused
by the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to the inflationary pressures on our operating and capital costs, rising interest rates as a result
of the Federal Reserve tightening monetary policy have increased our borrowing costs on debt under our credit agreement and may limit
our ability to access debt capital markets. Additional increases in interest rates have the potential to increase our cost of borrowing
even more. 

Plan
of Operations and Strategy 

In
2023 and beyond, we intend to seek additional opportunities in the oil and natural gas sector, including but not limited to further acquisition
of assets, participation with current and new industry partners in their exploration and development projects, acquisition of existing
companies, and the purchase of oil and natural gas producing assets. In addition, we plan to grow production by performing workovers
on operated idle wells acquired in 2022 to return them to production. 

Key
elements of our business strategy include: 

Deploy
 our Capital in a Conservative and Strategic Manner and Review Opportunities to Bolster our Liquidity . In the current industry
 environment, maintaining liquidity is critical. Therefore, we plan to be highly selective in the projects we evaluate and to review
 opportunities to bolster our liquidity and financial position through various means. 

Evaluate
 and Pursue Value-Enhancing Transactions . We plan to continuously evaluate strategic alternative opportunities with the goal of
 enhancing stockholder value. 

58 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make assumptions and estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may
differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A summary of our significant accounting policies is detailed in
 Note 1 Organization, Operations and Significant Accounting Policies in Item 8 of this annual report on Form
10-K under Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . We have outlined below those policies identified as being critical
to the understanding of our business and results of operations and that require the application of significant management judgment. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Reserve Estimates. Our estimates of proved reserves are based on quantities of oil and natural gas reserves which
current engineering data indicates are recoverable from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Estimates
of proved reserves are critical estimates in determining our depreciation, depletion and amortization expense DD A and our full cost ceiling limitation Full Cost Ceiling ). Future cash inflows are determined by applying oil and natural
gas prices, as adjusted for transportation, quality and basis differentials to the estimated quantities of proved reserves remaining
to be produced as of the end of that period. Future production and development costs are based on costs existing at the effective date
of the report. Expected cash flows are discounted to present value using a prescribed discount rate of 10 per annum. 

Estimates
of proved reserves are inherently imprecise because of uncertainties in projecting rates of production and timing of developmental expenditures,
interpretations of geological, geophysical, engineering and production data and the quality and quantity of available data. Changing
economic conditions also may affect our estimates of proved reserves due to changes in developmental costs and changes in commodity prices
that may impact reservoir economics. We utilize independent reserve engineers to estimate our proved reserves at the end of each fiscal
quarter during the year. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Properties. We follow the full cost method in accounting for our oil and natural gas properties. Under the full cost
method, all costs associated with the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and natural gas properties are capitalized and
accumulated in a country-wide cost center. This includes any internal costs that are directly related to development and exploration
activities, but does not include any costs related to production, general corporate overhead or similar activities. Proceeds received
from property disposals are credited against accumulated cost except when the sale represents a significant disposal of reserves, in
which case a gain or loss is recognized. 

The
sum of net capitalized costs and estimated future development and dismantlement costs for each country-wide cost center are amortized
using the equivalent unit-of-production method, based on proved oil and natural gas reserves. The capitalized costs are amortized over
the life of the reserves associated with the assets, with the DD A recognized in the period that the reserves are produced. DD A
is calculated by dividing the period s production volumes by the estimated volume of reserves associated with the investment and
multiplying the calculated percentage by the sum of the capitalized investment and estimated future development costs associated with
the investment. Changes in our reserve estimates will therefore result in changes in our DD A per unit. Costs associated with production
and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. 

Exploratory
wells in progress are excluded from the DD A calculation until the outcome of the well is determined. Similarly, unproved property
costs are initially excluded from the DD A calculation. Unproved property costs not subject to the DD A calculation consist primarily
of leasehold and seismic costs related to unproved areas. Unproved property costs are transferred into the amortization base on an ongoing
basis as the properties are evaluated and proved reserves are established or impairment is determined. Unproved oil and natural gas properties
are assessed quarterly for impairment to determine whether we are still actively pursuing the project and whether the project has been
proven either to have economic quantities of reserves or that economic quantities of reserves do not exist. 

59 

Under
the full cost method of accounting, capitalized oil and natural gas property costs less accumulated DD A and net of deferred income
taxes may not exceed the Full Cost Ceiling. The Full Cost Ceiling is equal to the present value, discounted at 10 , of estimated future
net revenues from proved oil and natural gas reserves plus the unimpaired cost of unproved properties not subject to amortization, plus
the lower of cost or fair value of unproved properties that are subject to amortization. When net capitalized costs exceed the Full Cost
Ceiling, an impairment is recognized. 

Joint
Interest Operations. Until the January 2022 acquisition, the majority of our properties were operated by other companies. Therefore,
we relied to a large extent on the operator of the property to provide us with timely and accurate information about the operations of
the properties. Revenue statements and joint interest billings from the operators serve as our primary source of information to record
revenue, operating expenses and capital expenditures for our properties on a monthly basis. Many of our properties are subject to complex
participation and operating agreements where our working interests and net revenue interests are subject to change upon the occurrence
of certain events, such as the achievement of payout. These calculations may be subject to error and differences of interpretation
which can cause uncertainties about the proper amount that should be recorded in our accounting records. When these issues arise, we
make every effort to work with the operators to resolve the issues promptly. 

Acquisitions .
The Company accounts for acquisitions as business combinations if the acquired assets meet the definition of a business. If substantially
all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar assets, the acquisition
is not considered a business and is accounted for as an asset acquisition. This determination of whether the gross assets acquired are
concentrated in a group of similar assets is based on whether the risks associated with managing and creating outputs from the assets
are similar. 

Revenue
Recognition. We recognize revenue in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 606- Revenue from Contracts with Customers. See Note 3- Revenue From Contracts With Customers to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this report on Form 10-K under Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Stock-Based
Compensation. We measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for all equity awards granted, including stock options,
based on the fair market value of the award as of the grant date. We recognize the cost of the equity awards over the period during which
an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

Please
refer to the section entitled Recent Accounting Pronouncements under Note 1 Organization, Operations and Significant Accounting Policies in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K under Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
for additional information on recently issued accounting standards and our plans for adoption of those standards. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of our Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net loss of 1.0 million as compared to a net loss of 1.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. In the following sections we discuss our revenue, operating expenses, and non-operating income (expense)
for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

60 

Revenue.
 Presented below is a comparison of our oil and natural gas sales, production quantities and average sales prices for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands, except average sales prices): 

Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Revenue: 

Oil 
 36,293 
 5,956 
 30,337 
 509 
 
 Gas 
 8,259 
 702 
 7,557 
 1,076 
 
 Total 
 44,552 
 6,658 
 37,894 
 569 

Production quantities: 

Oil (Bbls) 
 396,456 
 93,722 
 302,734 
 323 
 
 Gas (Mcfe) 
 1,344,736 
 176,657 
 1,168,079 
 661 
 
 BOE 
 620,579 
 123,165 
 497,414 
 404 
 
 BOE per day 
 1,700 
 337 
 1,363 
 404 

Average sales prices: 

Oil (Bbls) 
 91.54 
 63.55 
 27.99 
 44 
 
 Gas (Mcfe) 
 6.14 
 3.97 
 2.17 
 55 
 
 BOE 
 71.79 
 54.05 
 17.74 
 33 

The
increase in our oil and gas revenue of 37.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31,
2021, was due primarily to an increase in oil production of 323 and an increase in natural gas and liquids production of 661 . The realized
price received for our oil production increased 44 and the realized price received for our natural gas production increased 55 for
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in oil and natural gas and liquids production
is primarily related to production for the properties acquired in January and July 2022. The increase in crude oil and natural gas and
liquids prices is partially due to the impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine on the global commodity and financial markets,
and in response to economic and trade sanctions that certain countries have imposed on Russia. Additionally, prices increased from 2021
due to stronger demand for crude oil on a global basis as the world recovered from government mandated lockdowns which began in mid-March
2020 and continued into 2021, which were put in place to reduce the spread of COVID-19. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we produced 620,579 BOE, or an average of 1,700 BOE per day, as compared to 123,165 BOE or 337 BOE
per day, during the comparable period in 2021; however, the production mix shifted to become slightly less oil weighted in 2022, due
to the acquisitions completed in January and July 2022, of operated properties with relatively more natural gas production. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, our BOE production mix was 64 oil and 36 natural gas and liquids compared to 76 oil and 24 natural
gas and liquids in the comparable period of 2021. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Production Costs. Presented below is a comparison of our oil and natural gas production costs for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Lease operating expenses 
 17,240 
 2,421 
 14,819 
 612 
 
 Production taxes 
 3,010 
 471 
 2,539 
 539 

Total 
 20,250 
 2,892 
 17,358 
 600 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, lease operating expenses were 17.2 million or 27.78 per BOE, an increase of 14.8 million when compared
to the 2.4 million or 19.66 per BOE for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in lease operating expense was due to increased
activity as a result of the properties acquired in January and July 2022. Lease operating expense includes expense workovers, which for
the year ended December 31, 2022 were 6.26 per BOE. The expensed workovers were primarily in our West Texas region where we were required
to perform mechanical integrity tests on shut-in wells. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we also experienced significant cost
increases for services and materials, including tubing, and rental equipment. 

61 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, production taxes were 3.0 million, an increase of 2.5 million, or 539 , compared to 0.5 million
in the comparable period of 2021. This increase was attributable to the increase in oil revenues of 509 related to the increases in
production from properties acquired in January and July 2022 and the increase in pricing as discussed above. 

Depreciation,
Depletion, Accretion and Amortization. Our depreciation, depletion and amortization DD A rate for the year
ended December 31, 2022, was 13.74 per BOE, compared to 3.98 per BOE for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the
DD A rate was related to the acquisition of properties in January 2022 and July 2022. Our DD A rate can fluctuate because of
acquisitions, changes in drilling and completion costs, impairments, divestitures, changes in the mix of our production, the
underlying proved reserve volumes and estimated costs to drill and complete proved undeveloped reserves. DD A was 9.6 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

General
and Administrative Expenses. Presented below is a comparison of our general and administrative expenses for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Compensation and benefits, including directors 
 7,444 
 2,622 
 4,822 
 184 
 
 Professional fees, insurance and other 
 3,713 
 2,013 
 1,700 
 84 
 
 Total 
 11,157 
 4,635 
 6,522 
 141 

General
and administrative expenses increased by 6.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year period.
The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 2.5 million in stock-based compensation related to the amortization of stock-based
compensation awards granted to employees and directors in January 2022, which were in connection with new directors and officers appointed
as a result of the January 2022 acquisition. Compensation and benefits increased 4.8 million due to the addition of 36 employees as
of December 31, 2022, when compared to December 31, 2021, relating to new employees acquired in the January 2022 acquisition and employees
hired subsequently to manage the acquired properties. Professional fees, insurance and other expenses increased 1.7 million, primarily
due to increases in consulting, accounting, legal and insurance expenses related to the acquisition of properties in January 2022. 

Non-Operating
Income (Expense). Presented below is a comparison of our non-operating income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 (in thousands): 

Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Commodity derivative loss, net 
 (5,682 
 (260 
 (5,422 
 -2,085 

Marketable equity securities (loss) gain 
 (83 
 10 
 (93 
 -930 

Impairment and loss on real estate held for sale 
 (75 
 (151 
 76 
 50 

Other (expense) income 
 (10 
 123 
 (133 
 -108 

Interest expense, net 
 (544 
 (57 
 (487 
 -854 

Total non-operating expense 
 (6,394 
 (335 
 (6,059 
 -1,809 

Commodity
derivative loss is the result of changes in derivative fair values associated with fluctuations in forward price curves for the commodities
underlying our outstanding derivative contracts and the monthly cash settlements of our derivative positions during the period. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized losses on commodity derivative contracts we assumed in the January 2022 acquisition, as wells
as, contracts we added during the period of 5.7 million. See Note 7-Commodity Derivatives in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Loss
on marketable equity securities represents the change in fair value of our investment in Anfield Energy. For the year ended December
31, 2022, we recognized an unrealized loss on marketable equity securities of 83 thousand as compared to a gain of 10 thousand for
the comparable period of 2021. 

62 

Impairment
and loss on real estate held for sale for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 75 thousand is related to impairment we recorded as a
result of a reduction in the price we expect to receive for our 13-acre land parcel in Riverton, Wyoming, which is classified as held
for sale. The 151 thousand of impairment and loss on real estate held for sale for the year ended December 31, 2021, represents a realized
loss on the sale of a building in Riverton, Wyoming, which was sold in August 2021. 

Interest,
net, represents the interest related to our Credit Facility with Firstbank Southwest. On July 26, 2022, we borrowed 10.7 million on
the Credit Facility in order to facilitate our acquisition of the East Texas assets from ETXENERGY, LLC. The balance outstanding on the
Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 was 12.0 million. See Note 6-Debt in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Based
on the current commodity price environment and the derivative contracts that we have entered into we believe we have sufficient liquidity
and capital resources to execute our business plan while continuing to meet our current financial obligations for the next 12 months. 

As
described above under Item 1. Business-Recent Events on January 5, 2022, we closed the acquisition of certain oil and gas
properties, representing a diversified, portfolio of primarily operated, producing, oil-weighted assets located across the Rockies, West
Texas, Eagle Ford, and Mid-Continent. The acquisition has generated significant cash flow. I n
connection with the acquisition, we entered into a five-year credit agreement with Firstbank Southwest as administrative agent for one
or more lenders, which provides for a reserve-based, revolving line of credit with a borrowing base of 20 million. As of April 12, 2022,
we have drawn 12.0 million on the facility, leaving us with available borrowing capacity of 8 million. 

We
have derivative contracts, with a mark-to-market liability position of 1.7 million at December 31, 2022. The derivative contacts will
be settled monthly in 2023. 

The
following table sets forth certain measures about our liquidity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, in thousands: 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Cash and equivalents 
 4,411 
 4,422 
 (11 
 
 Working capital deficit (1) 
 (3,050 
 3,233 
 (6,283 
 
 Total assets 
 117,961 
 17,663 
 100,298 
 
 Outstanding debt 
 12,000 
 - 
 12,000 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 78,354 
 13,435 
 65,131 

Select Ratios: 

Current ratio (2) 
 0.73 to 1.00 
 2.18 to 1.00 

Debt-to-equity ratio (3) 
 0.15 to 1.00 
 Not applicable 

(1) 
 Working
 capital is computed by subtracting total current liabilities from total current assets. 

(2) 
 The
 current ratio is computed by dividing total current assets by total current liabilities. 

(3) 
 The
 debt-to-equity ratio is computed by dividing total debt by total shareholders equity. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 3.1 million compared to a working capital surplus of 3.2 million as of December
31, 2021, a decrease in working capital of 6.3 million. However, when including borrowing capacity under the credit facility of 8.0
million, as of December 31, 2022, we have a working capital surplus of 4.9 million. The decrease in working capital of 6.3 million
is mainly due to an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 6.5 million as a result of the acquisitions completed during
the year, of which 3.5 million relates to an increase in royalties payable. The commodity derivative liabilities of 1.7 million and
the increase in the current portion of our asset retirement obligation of 0.7 million also contributed to the reduction in working capital.
These reductions were partially offset by increases in oil and gas sales receivables of 2.4 million, 

63 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 4.4 million and accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 7.8 million.
As of December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 4.4 million and accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately
 1.4 million. 

If
we have needs for financing in 2023, alternatives that we will consider would potentially include borrowing amounts on our Credit Agreement,
selling all or a partial interest in certain of our oil and natural gas assets, selling our marketable equity securities, issuing additional
shares of our common stock for cash or as consideration for acquisitions in public or private offerings, which may result in significant
dilution to existing stockholders, and other alternatives, as we determine how to best fund our capital programs and meet our financial
obligations. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 10,898 
 (153 
 11,051 
 
 Investing activities 
 (16,949 
 (3,325 
 (13,624 
 
 Financing activities 
 6,040 
 5,046 
 994 

Operating
Activities. Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 11.0 million as compared to cash used
in operating activities of 0.2 million for 2021, an increase of 11.2 million. The increase in cash provided by operating activities
is mainly attributable increases in revenues from the acquisitions completed in 2022, which were partially offset by increases in payments
for operating and general and administrative expenses. 

Investing
Activities. Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 17.0 million compared to cash used in
investing activities of 3.3 million for 2021, an increase of 13.6 million. The primary use of cash in our investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022, was 12.7 for acquisitions of East Texas assets and Liberty County, Texas assets and development
activities on acquired shut-in wells to return them to production. The comparable number in 2021 mainly represents 1.5 million in
deposits paid to the sellers of the assets acquired in January 2022, 0.8 million in transaction costs paid in 2021 but related to
the January 2022 acquisition and capital expenditures incurred in 2021 for work related to returning idle wells to production in our
Gulf Coast region. 

Financing
Activities. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 6.0 million as compared to cash provided
by financing activities of 5.0 million for the comparable period in 2021. The cash provided by financing activities during the year
ended December 31, 2022, was primarily attributable to net borrowings under our credit facility of 8.6 million, which was partially
offset by dividends paid on our common stock of 1.7 million. The comparable number in 2021 represents cash received of 5.3 million
from the sale of 1.1 million shares of common stock in an underwritten offering which closed in February 2021, which was partially offset
by payments on our premium finance note of 0.2 million. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Financial
statements meeting the requirements of Regulation S-X are included below. 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Plante Moran, PLLC, Denver, Colorado, PCAOB ID 
 68 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 70 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 71 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 72 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 73 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 74 

64 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that
are designed to ensure that required information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required timeframe, as specified
in the rules of the SEC. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. 

As
of December 31, 2021 and during the first three quarters of 2022, the Company reported material weaknesses in our internal controls
over financial reporting related to segregation of duties and the insufficient design and operation of internal controls over
financial reporting. In addition, we did not have adequate controls to ensure the accuracy of the disclosures related to the
accounting for and valuation of the acquisition completed in January 2022. In response to these material weaknesses, the Company
hired additional accounting staff throughout the year and during the third and fourth quarter of the year began implementing appropriately designed internal controls that define segregated roles and responsibilities for accounting
activities. We also engaged outside consulting resources in the areas of technical accounting and taxation to improve the accuracy
of our accounting, valuation and disclosures related to acquisitions of oil and gas properties. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer (Principal Accounting/Financial Officer), our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 In making its assessment, our
management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on the evaluation conducted under
this framework, our management concluded that while controls were sufficiently designed, except related to Information Technology
General Controls ITGC described below, they were only in place for the last quarter of the year, and there were
deficiencies in the operation of the controls. In addition, during our assessment, we determined that the ITGCs implemented by the
third-party software provider related to our accounting system were not sufficiently designed and had not been independently
evaluated. As a result, the Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that material weaknesses in internal
controls over financial reporting were present as outlined below. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. In connection with management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, we have concluded we have the following material weaknesses: 

Third
 party ITGCs related to our accounting system were not designed appropriately and reliance could not be placed on the processing integrity of the
 accounting system. 

Certain
 control activities with a review component were not implemented and operating effectively for a sufficient portion of the year and
 did not include sufficient evidence of review procedures performed or formal approval by the reviewer. 

Certain business
 process controls were not implemented
 for a sufficient portion of the year and did not include sufficient evidence of operation. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . 

During the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, we have made efforts to improve the documentation of review for control activities with a review component to include
review notes and documented approval by the reviewer. In addition, in January 2023, we began evaluating accounting systems for conversion.
We anticipate converting to a new accounting system during 2023. The accounting system we select will have ITGCs that are designed effectively
by the software provider and independently tested. 

65 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

The
Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer with reasonable assurances that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures will achieve their objectives. However,
the Company s management does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal
control over financial reporting can or will prevent all human error. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Furthermore, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are internal resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be weighed relative
to their corresponding costs. Because of the limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide complete assurance
that all control issues and instances of error, if any, within the Company are detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur due to human error or mistake. Additionally, controls,
no matter how well designed, could be circumvented by the individual acts of specific persons within the organization. The design of
any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated objectives under all potential future conditions. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal controls over financial
reporting. Under SEC rules, such attestation is not required for non-accelerated filers such as the Company. 

Item
9B Other Information. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

66 

PART
III 

Information
required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III is omitted from this Annual Report and will be filed in a definitive proxy statement
or by an amendment to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the Company s 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
after December 31, 2022 in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, including
under the headings Requirements and Deadlines for Shareholders to Submit Proposals , Election of Directors ,
 Executive Officers , Corporate Governance , Code of Conduct , Committees of the Board ,
and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports (to the extent applicable and warranted) and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
after December 31, 2022 in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, including
under the headings Executive and Director Compensation , Executive Compensation , Directors Compensation ,
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End , Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
and Compensation Committee Report (to the extent required), and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
after December 31, 2022 in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, including
under the heading Principal Holders of Voting Securities and Ownership by Officers and Directors and Equity Compensation
Plan Information and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
after December 31, 2022 in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, including
under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Our
independent public accounting firm is Plante Moran, PLLC, Denver, Colorado, PCAOB ID 166 

The
information required by this Item will be set forth under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors - Principal
Accounting Fees and Services in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December
31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

67 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of U.S. Energy Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of U.S. Energy Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis
of a Matter - Significant Acquisition 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, on January 5, 2022, the Company acquired certain oil and gas properties, as well as
assumed certain liabilities for consideration including cash, the issuance of 19,905,736 shares of common stock and assumption of certain
liabilities. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

68 

Impact
of Proved Oil and Natural Gas Reserves on Oil and Natural Gas Properties - Refer to Notes 1 and 5 of the financial statements. 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company s net oil and natural gas properties balance was 108 million as of December 31, 2022, depreciation, depletion, and amortization
expense was 8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company follows the full cost method of accounting for its oil and
natural gas properties. The sum of net capitalized costs and estimated future development and dismantlement costs for each cost center
are subject to depreciation, depletion, and amortization using the equivalent unit-of-production method, based on total proved oil and
natural gas reserves. Under the full cost method, net capitalized costs are limited to the lower of unamortized cost reduced by the related
net deferred tax liability, or the cost center ceiling, as defined in Note 1. As disclosed by management, the proved oil and natural
gas reserves used in the calculation of depreciation, depletion, amortization and the cost center ceiling test is a significant estimate
and are inherently imprecise and subject to inherent uncertainties, including the future prices of oil and natural gas, which are expected
to change as future information becomes available and such changes could be material. Management utilizes a specialist to estimate proved
oil and natural gas reserves. 

We
identified the assessment of the impact of proved oil and natural gas reserves on depreciation, depletion, and amortization expense related
to oil and natural gas properties as a critical audit matter. There are significant judgments by management, including the use and oversight
of management s specialist when developing the estimate of proved oil and natural gas reserves. In turn, performing audit procedures
and evaluating audit evidence obtained related to these significant estimates and judgments required a high degree of judgment and effort. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included the following, among others: 

We
 obtained an understanding of management s process to develop estimates of proved oil
 and natural gas reserves. 

We
 tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying information used by management in
 determining the estimate of proved oil and natural gas reserves and assessed the methodology
 used in estimating proved oil and natural gas reserves by management and its specialist. 

We
 evaluated the significant assumptions utilized by management in determining its estimate
 including commodity prices and price differentials, forecasted production, and estimated
 future operating costs. We also compared these assumptions to historical and actual results
 as well as publicly available prices and relevant historical differentials. 

We
 evaluated the work of management s specialist by analyzing their objectivity, experience,
 and qualifications. 

Evaluation
of the Acquisition of Proved Oil and Natural Gas Properties as an Asset Acquisition - Refer to Notes 1 and 2 of the financial statements. 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

On
January 5, 2022, the Company closed on an acquisition of certain oil and gas properties as well as the assumption of certain liabilities.
On July 27, 2022, the Company closed on an acquisition of certain oil and gas properties as well as the assumption of certain liabilities.
For both acquisitions, the Company applied the applicable accounting guidance, which requires the acquirer to determine if the acquisition
should be accounted for as an asset acquisition or a business combination. If substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets
acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar assets, the acquisition is not considered a business and
is accounted for as an asset acquisition. This determination of whether the gross assets acquired are concentrated in a group of similar
assets is based on whether the risks associated with managing and creating outputs from the assets are similar. 

We
identified the evaluation of each acquisition as a critical audit matter as there are significant judgments by management in determining
whether the transaction meets the definition of a business, specifically as to whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross
assets acquired are concentrated in a group of similar assets based on the similarities of risks associated with managing and creating
outputs from the assets. Performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence obtained related to management s judgment required
a high degree of judgment and effort. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included the following, among others: 

We
 obtained an understanding of management s process to analyze the assets acquired with
 the related applicable accounting. 

We
 read the acquisition agreements and evaluated management s judgments related to the
 determination of whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
 were concentrated in a group of similar assets by analyzing the risk characteristics of the
 assets acquired for similarities associated with managing and creating outputs, including
 operational and business risk encompassing commodity price risk, geographic location and
 operating environment, geological formation, resource classification, ownership interests,
 operating status, and stage of life of the assets acquired. 

/s/ 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

April
13, 2023 

69 

U.S.
ENERGY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and equivalents 

Oil and natural gas sales receivable 

Marketable equity securities 

Other current assets 

Real estate assets held for sale, net of selling costs 

Total current assets 

Oil and natural gas properties under full cost method: 

Unevaluated properties 

Evaluated properties 

Less accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment 

Net oil and natural gas properties 

Other assets: 

Pending acquisition 
 - 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset 

Other assets 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Commodity derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Asset retirement obligations-current 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability 
 - 

Current lease obligation 

Total current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities: 

Credit facility 
 
 - 
 
 Asset retirement obligations 

Long-term lease obligation, net of current portion 

Deferred tax liability 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders equity: 

Common stock, par value; and unlimited shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

70 

U.S.
ENERGY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue: 

Oil 

Natural gas and liquids 

Total revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Lease operating expenses 

Production taxes 

Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization 

General and administrative: 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income (expense): 

Commodity derivative loss 

Marketable equity securities (loss) gain 

Real estate held for sale loss 

Warrant revaluation gain 
 - 

Other (expense) income 

Interest expense, net 

Total other expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

71 

U.S.
ENERGY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (in
thousands, except share amounts) 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of shares in underwritten offering, net of costs of 

- 

Issuance of shares for related party secured note payable conversion 

- 

Issuance of shares for settlement of related party legal costs 

- 

Issuance of shares upon vesting of restricted stock awards 

- 
 - 
 
 Shares withheld to settle tax withholding obligations for restricted stock awards 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Balances 

Shares issued for acquired properties 

- 

Issuance of shares upon vesting of restricted stock awards 

- 
 - 
 
 Shares withheld to settle tax withholding obligations for restricted stock awards 

- 

Exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Cash dividends per share 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

Balances 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

72 

U.S.
ENERGY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation, depletion, accretion, and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gain on commodity derivatives 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Marketable equity securities loss (gain) 

Real estate assets held for sale loss 

Change in fair value of warrants 
 - 

Loss on related party debt conversion and settlement of legal costs 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

Right of use asset amortization 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Oil and natural gas sales receivable 

Other assets 

Accounts payable accrued liabilities 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Payments on operating lease liability 

Payments of asset retirement obligations 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of proved properties 
 
 - 
 
 Expenditures for pending acquisition 
 - 

Oil and natural gas capital expenditures 

Property and equipment expenditures 

Proceeds from sale of oil and natural gas properties 

Proceeds from sale of real estate 
 - 

Payment received on notes receivable 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities: 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock, net of fees 
 - 

Borrowings on credit facility 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of fees for credit facility 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on insurance premium finance note 

Proceeds from warrant exercise 
 
 - 
 
 Shares withheld to settle tax withholding obligations for restricted stock awards 

Dividends paid 
 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and equivalents 

Cash and equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and equivalents, end of year 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statement. Please see Note 15- Supplemental Disclosures of
Cash Flow Information 

73 

U.S.
ENERGY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Purchaser B 
 
 - 
 
 Purchaser C 

Purchaser D 

Concentration risk percentage 

per annum, from proved reserves, based on average prices per barrel of oil and per Mcf of natural gas at the
first day of each month in the 12-month period prior to the end of the reporting period; and costs, adjusted for contract provisions
and financial derivatives qualifying as accounting hedges and asset retirement obligations, (ii) the cost of unevaluated properties not
being amortized, and (iii) the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties included in the cost being amortized, reduced by
(iv) the income tax effects related to differences between the book and tax basis of the crude oil and natural gas properties. If the
net book value reduced by the related net deferred income tax liability (if any) exceeds the cost center ceiling limitation, a non-cash
impairment charge is required in the period in which the impairment occurs. Since all of the Company s oil and natural gas properties
are located within the United States, the Company only has one cost center for which a quarterly Ceiling Test is performed. 

Office furniture and equipment 

Autos and trucks 

Other equipment 

in cash and shares of our common stock, as to Lubbock; (b) in cash, the assumption of million
of debt, and shares of common stock, as well as the novation of certain hedges which had a mark to market loss of approximately
 million as of the Closing Date, as to Banner; and (c) in cash and shares of common stock, as to Synergy. The
aggregate purchase price under all the Purchase Agreements was million, representing million in cash, the value of 
shares of our common stock on the Closing Date of million and purchase price adjustments of million. In
addition, we assumed various liabilities, including the repayment of million in debt, as well as a derivative liability from the
novation of the hedges discussed above of million, suspense accounts and asset retirement obligations. 

Value of shares issued 

Purchase price adjustments 

Transaction costs 

Total consideration paid 

Debt assumed 

Commodity derivative liabilities assumed 

Suspense accounts assumed 

Employee obligations assumed 

Asset retirement obligations assumed 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total consideration paid and liabilities assumed 

Allocation to acquired assets: 

Proved oil and gas properties (1) 

Vehicles 

Deposit account 

Total allocation to acquired assets 

(1) of acquired oil in tank batteries. Consistent with the Company s historical
 accounting policy and reporting of similar transactions, oil in tank batteries acquired in
 the Acquisition were recorded within Evaluated Properties on the Company s consolidated
 balance sheet. 

Liberty
County, Texas Acquisition 

On
May 3, 2022, the Company acquired certain operated oil and gas producing properties in Liberty County, Texas, adjacent to its existing
assets in the area, for million in an all-cash transaction. The effective date of the transaction was April 1, 2022. The assets
include approximately acres, which are 100 held by production, a gas pipeline and associated infrastructure. In addition, the
Company assumed suspense accounts of million and asset retirement obligations of million. The Company accounted for the acquisition
as an asset acquisition. 

East
Texas Acquisition 

On
July 27, 2022, the Company closed a purchase and sale agreement for the acquisition of properties from ETXENERGY, LLC ETXENERGY ).
The properties are located in Henderson and Anderson Counties, Texas (the East Texas Assets ). The properties consist of
approximately net acres, all of which are held by production and certain wells and gathering systems. The initial purchase price
for the East Texas Assets was million in cash. The effective date of the acquisition of the East Texas Assets was June 1, 2022.
The Company accounted for the acquisition as an asset acquisition. 

Purchase price adjustments 

Transaction costs 

Total consideration paid 

Suspense accounts assumed 

Asset retirement obligations assumed 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total consideration paid and liabilities assumed 

Allocation to acquired assets: 

Proved oil and gas properties (1) 

(1) of acquired oil in tank batteries. Consistent with the Company s historical
 accounting policy and reporting of similar transactions, oil in tank batteries acquired in
 the acquisition of the East Texas Assets were recorded within Evaluated Properties on the
 Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

The
Company s oil and natural gas production is typically sold at delivery points to various purchasers under contract terms that are
common in the oil and natural gas industry. Regardless of the contract type, the terms of these contracts compensate the well operators
for the value of the oil and natural gas at specified prices, and then the well operators remit payment to the Company for its share
in the value of the oil and natural gas sold. 

The
Company disaggregates revenues from its share of revenue from the sale of oil and natural gas and liquids by region. The Company s
revenues in its Rockies, West Texas, South Texas, Gulf Coast and Mid- Continent regions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
are presented in the following table: 

Natural gas and liquids 

Total 

South Texas 

Oil 

Natural gas and liquids 

Total 

West Texas 

Oil 

Natural gas and liquids 

Total 

Gulf Coast 

Oil 

Natural gas and liquids 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Mid-Continent 

Oil 

Natural gas and liquids 

Total 

Combined Total 

thousand associated
with entering into a non-cancellable, long-term lease agreement for office space in Houston, Texas. The Company s right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities are recognized at their discounted present value under the following captions in the consolidated balance
sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Lease liability 

Short-term operating lease 

Long-term operating lease 

Total operating leases 

The
Company recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis excluding short-term and variable lease payments, which are recognized as incurred.
Short-term lease cost represents payments for office leases with original terms less than one year. Beginning in March 2020, the Company
subleased its Denver, Colorado office and recognizes sublease income as a reduction of rent expense. The term of the sublease is through
the term of the Company s Denver office lease, which terminates in January 2023. Following are the amounts recognized as components
of rental expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Short-term lease cost 

Sublease income 

Total lease costs 

The
Houston operating lease commenced in May 2022 and is for a term of months. The lease contains a seven-month rent abatement period.
The base rent under the lease escalates per square foot each twelve-month period during the term of the lease. In addition, the
Company is responsible for its share of operating expenses and tax expenses as defined in the lease. 

Short-term lease cost is associated with short-term lease agreements primarily
related to compressors and field equipment rentals contracted for months or less. 

Weighted average discount rate 

Maturity
of operating lease liabilities with terms of one year or more as of December 31, 2022 are presented in the following table: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

In
August 2021, the Company sold a -acre
tract in Riverton, Wyoming with a two-story, square
foot office building for thousand and recognized a thousand loss. The Company recognized net rental property income
of thousand
related to the Riverton, Wyoming office building for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

million. In addition, the Company sold
its approximately interest in two non-operated wells in Zavala County, Texas and associated acreage of approximately acres
for million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company divested an operated well in North Dakota for proceeds of 
thousand and sold approximately acres of undeveloped acreage in Midland County, Texas for total proceeds of approximately thousand.
The proceeds from divestitures are recorded as reductions in the full cost pool. 

Ceiling
Test and Impairment 

The
reserves used in the ceiling test incorporate assumptions regarding pricing and discount rates over which management has no influence
in the determination of present value. In the calculation of the ceiling test as of December 31, 2022, the Company used per barrel
for oil and per one million British Thermal Units (MMbtu) for natural gas (as further adjusted for property, specific gravity,
quality, local markets and distance from markets) to compute the future cash flows of the Company s producing properties. The discount
factor used was . 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company did not record ceiling test write downs of its oil and natural gas properties. 

million, and a maximum credit amount of million. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are collateralized
by a first priority, perfected lien and security interests on substantially all assets of the Company (subject to permitted liens and
other customary exceptions). On July 26, 2022, the Company, in anticipation of the closing of the ETXENERGY East Texas acquisition entered
into a letter agreement with FirstBank whereby it increased the borrowing base under the Credit Agreement from million to million.
On July 27, 2022, in connection with the closing of the ETXENERGY Acquisition, the Company borrowed million under the Credit Agreement.
Under the Credit Agreement, revolving loans may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed until January 5, 2026, when all outstanding amounts
must be repaid. Interest on the outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement will accrue at an interest rate equal to The Company recognized interest expense inclusive of amortization of debt issuance costs on the Credit Agreement
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of thousand. 

The
Credit Agreement contains various restrictive covenants and compliance requirements, which include, among other things: (i) maintenance
of certain financial ratios, as defined in the Credit Agreement tested quarterly, that limit the Company s ratio of total debt
to EBITDAX (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to 3:1 and require its ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities
(as each is described in the Credit Agreement) to remain at 1:1 or higher; (ii) a restriction on the payment of cash dividends (subject
to certain limited rights to declare and pay dividends as long as no event of default has occurred and certain financial ratios are met);
(iii) limits on the incurrence of additional indebtedness; (iv) a prohibition on the entry into commodity swap contracts exceeding a
specified percentage of our expected production; and (v) restrictions on the disposition of assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
was in compliance with all financial covenants related to the Credit Agreement. 

A
total of million was borrowed under the Credit Agreement immediately upon the entry into such Credit Agreement on January 5, 2022.
The million was immediately used to repay million of debt assumed as part of the acquisition of the Acquired Assets. The amount
outstanding on the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022, was million. 

On
March 4, 2021, the Company closed a Debt Conversion Agreement (the Conversion Agreement with APEG Energy II, L.P. APEG
II ), which entity Patrick E. Duke, a former director of the Company, has shared voting power and shared investment power over.
The Conversion Agreement was related to a related party secured note payable the Company borrowed from APEG II on September
24, 2020 (the Note ). The Note accrued interest at per annum and had a maturity date of . The Note
was secured by the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Energy One s oil and natural gas producing properties. Under the terms
of the Note, the Company could repay the Note prior to maturity, however, in the event of a prepayment of the Note, the Company was required
to pay APEG II the amount of interest which would have accrued through maturity (at per annum). Pursuant to the Conversion Agreement,
the Company converted the Note and accrued interest to the date of the Note s September 24, 2021 maturity of into 
shares of restricted common stock with a value on the date of the Conversion Agreement of . The difference of between
the value of the shares issued and the amount of the Note and accrued interest through the date of maturity is recorded as interest
expense, net, in the consolidated statements of operations. 

million as of the Closing Date. In addition, on January 12, 2022, the Company entered into additional NYMEX WTI crude oil commodity
derivative contracts with NextEra for 2022 and 2023 production. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had commodity derivative contracts
outstanding through the fourth quarter of 2023 as summarized in the tables below: 

Second quarter 2023 

Third quarter 2023 

- 
 - 
 
 Fourth quarter 2023 

- 
 - 
 
 Total 2023 

N YMEX Henry Hub 

Natural Gas 2023 Contracts: 

First quarter 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 

(2) 

- 
 
 Total derivative liabilities 
 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, all commodity derivative contracts held by the Company were subject to master netting arrangements with its counterparty.
The terms of the Company s derivative agreements provide for offsetting of amounts payable or receivable between it and the counterparty
for contracts that settle on the same date. The Company s agreements also provide that in the event of an early termination, the
counterparty has the right to offset amounts owed or owing under that and any other agreement. The Company s accounting policy
is to offset positions that settle on the same date with the same counterparty. 

Gas contracts 
 
 - 
 
 Total derivative settlement losses 

Total net commodity derivative losses: 

Oil contracts 

Gas contracts 
 
 - 
 
 Total net commodity derivative losses 

million of ARO related to the assets acquired in the January 5, 2022 acquisition, million of ARO related to
the assets acquired in the May 3, 2022 acquisition of Liberty County, Texas assets and million of ARO related to the assets acquired
in the July 27, 2022 acquisition. See Note 2 - Acquisitions . 

In
the fair value calculation for the ARO there are numerous assumptions and judgments including the ultimate retirement cost, inflation
factors, credit-adjusted risk-free discount rates, market risk premiums, timing of retirement and changes in legal, regulatory, environmental
and political environments. To the extent future revisions to assumptions and judgments impact the present value of the existing ARO,
a corresponding adjustment is made to the oil and natural gas property balance. 

Acquired 

Cost and life revisions 
 
 - 
 
 Plugged 
 
 - 
 
 Sold 

Accretion 

Balance, end of year 

thousand. 

shares of common stock outstanding and authorized. In addition, as of December 31, 2021, the Company had 
authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock. On January 5, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of the Acquired Assets. In February 2021, the Company sold 
shares of common stock for net proceeds of 
million. 

Stock
Option Plans 

From
time to time, the Company may grant stock options under its incentive plan covering shares of common stock to employees of the Company.
Stock options, when exercised, are settled through the payment of the exercise price in exchange for new shares of stock underlying the
option. These awards typically expire ten years from the grant date. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was compensation expense related to stock options. As of December 31, 2022, all
stock options had vested. stock options were granted or exercised, during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, options to purchase shares of common stock and shares of common stock, respectively, expired.
Presented below is information about stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

(1) 

Restricted
Stock 

The
Company grants restricted stock under its incentive plan covering shares of common stock to employees and directors of the Company.
The restricted stock awards are time-based awards and are amortized ratably over the requisite service period. Restricted stock
vests ratably on each anniversary following the grant date provided the grantee is employed on the vesting date. Forfeitures of
restricted stock awards are recognized as they occur. Restricted stock granted to employees, when vested, may be net settled through
the net issuance of shares, reduced by the number of shares required to pay withholding taxes. Non-vested shares of restricted stock are not included in common shares outstanding until vesting has occurred. 

Granted 

Vested 

Non-vested restricted stock at December 31, 2022 

Total
compensation cost related to non-vested time-based awards not yet recognized in the Company s consolidated
statements of operations as of December 31, 2022 is 
thousand. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 
years. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 
shares available for issuance under its 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. 

- 
 
 Total current income tax 
 
 - 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 
 - 
 
 State 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred income taxes 
 
 - 

Total income tax provision 
 
 - 

Income
tax benefit using the Company s effective income tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate due to the following: 

State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit 

Change in value of warrant 
 - 

Percentage depletion carryover 
 - 

Prior year true up 

Compensation and other 

Acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax benefit 
 
 - 

Property and equipment 
 - 

Percentage depletion and contribution carryovers 

Equity method investment and other 

Deferred compensation liability 

Asset retirement obligations 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease obligations 

Derivatives 
 
 - 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Lease assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liability 
 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately 
million in net operating loss carryovers (after limitations) for federal income tax purposes. The net operating losses incurred
prior to January 5, 2022 are subject to an Internal Revenue Code I.R.C. Section 382 limitation as a result of a
change of control incurred in conjunction with the transaction that closed on that date. Losses incurred
after 2017 have an indefinite carryforward period but are limited to offsetting of taxable income in any given year. 

I.R.C.
Section 382 limits the Company s ability to utilize certain tax attributes to offset taxable income in future years. Due to the
existence of a net unrealizable built in loss NUBIL ), assets at the time of the 2017 change in control, the Company also
has realized built in losses RBIL that exceed the annual limitation. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately
 million of RBIL carryovers, which carry forward indefinitely subject to the annual limitation. 

On January 5, 2022, the Company received assets in
exchange for common stock of the Company. The transaction was an IRC Section 351 contribution for which the Company received carryover
basis in the assets. At the date of the transaction, the Company recorded a deferred tax liability for the difference in the book and
tax basis in the underlying assets and recorded the related adjustment of million to proved oil and gas properties. As a result of
recording the deferred tax liability, the Company released a portion of the existing valuation allowance and recorded a tax benefit. 

The
Company recognizes, measures, and discloses uncertain tax positions whereby tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not 
threshold to be recognized. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, adjustments were recognized for uncertain tax positions. 

The
Company files income tax returns in U.S. federal and multiple state jurisdictions. The Company is subject to tax audits in these
jurisdictions until the applicable statute of limitations expires. With certain exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S.
federal tax examinations for tax years prior to 2019. Similarly, the Company is open for various state tax examinations for tax
years 2018 and later. The Company s policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties accrued related to uncertain tax
positions within income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize any interest or
penalties in its statement of operations, nor did it have any interest or penalties accrued in its balance sheet at December 31,
2022 and 2021 related to uncertain tax positions. 

Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Dilutive effect of potentially dilutive securities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Basic net loss per share 

Diluted net loss per share 

Unvested shares of restricted stock 

Warrants 
 - 

Total 

Asset
Retirement Obligations 

The
Company measures the fair value of asset retirement obligations as of the date a well is acquired, the date a well begins drilling, or
the date the Company revises its ARO assumptions. The Company s estimated asset retirement obligation is based on
historical experience in plugging and abandoning wells, estimated economic lives, estimated plugging and abandonment costs and federal
and state regulatory requirements, all unobservable inputs, and therefore, are designated as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. The
liability is discounted using the credit-adjusted risk-free rate estimated at the time the liability is incurred or revised. The credit
adjusted risk-free rate used to discount the Company s plugging and abandonment liabilities range from to . See Note 8 - Asset
Retirement Obligations . 

Other
Assets and Liabilities 

The
Company evaluates the fair value on a non-recurring basis of properties acquired in asset acquisitions using inputs that are not
observable in the market and are therefore designated as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. The Company evaluated the
fair value of its January 2022 asset acquisition based on discounted future cash flows using estimated production at estimated
prices based on NYMEX strip pricing adjusted for differentials, operating costs, production taxes and development costs, all
discounted at . This evaluation resulted in an estimate of fair value of million.
The Company has also valued asset acquisitions using a multiple of expected cash flows based on comparable transactions. For the
asset acquisition of East Texas assets that was completed on July 27, 2022, the Company used a cash flow multiple of approximately
1.75 times estimated cash flows of 
million. 

The
Company evaluates the fair value on a non-recurring basis of its Riverton, Wyoming real estate assets when circumstances indicate
that the value has been impaired. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company estimated the fair value of its real estate assets based on a
market approach with comparison to recent comparable sales, all Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. 

Credit
facility 

The Company s
credit facility approximates fair value because the interest rate is variable and reflective of market rates. 

The
carrying value of financial instruments included in current assets and current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term
nature of those instruments. 

Recurring
Fair Value Measurements 

Commodity
Derivative Instruments 

- 

- 
 
 Commodity derivatives, assets 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Liabilities 

Current: 

Commodity derivatives 
 - 
 
 - 

Commodity derivatives, liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 

Net derivative instruments 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Marketable
Equity Securities Valuation Methodologies 

The
fair value of marketable equity securities is based on quoted market prices obtained from independent pricing services. The Company has
an investment in the marketable equity securities of Anfield Energy Anfield ), which it acquired as consideration for sales
of certain mining operations. Anfield is traded in an active market under the trading symbol AEC:TSXV and has been classified as Level
1. 

Quoted market price 

Fair value 

Joint interest billings receivable 

Income tax receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total other current assets 

Accounts
Payable and Accrued Liabilities . 

Operating expense accruals 

Revenue payables 

Production taxes payable 

Insurance premium financing 

Other 
 
 - 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Investing activities: 

Change in capital expenditure accruals 

Change in accrual for acquisition costs 

Common stock issued for acquisition of properties 
 
 - 
 
 Assumption of commodity derivative liability in acquisition of properties 
 
 - 
 
 Assumption of debt in acquisition of properties 
 
 - 
 
 Assumption of suspense accounts in acquisition of properties 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liability from acquisition 

Addition of operating lease liability and right of use asset 

Prepaid rent liability netted with proceeds on sale of real estate 
 - 

Asset retirement obligations acquired 

Asset retirement obligations revisions, sold and plugged wells 

Financing activities: 

Issuance of stock for conversion of related party secured note payable and accrued interest 
 - 

Issuance of stock for settlement of related party legal costs 
 - 

Financing of insurance premiums with note payable 

Unproved property acquisition 
 - 

Development 

Exploration 
 - 
 - 

Total 

Capitalized
Costs 

Evaluated properties in full cost pool 

Less accumulated depletion and ceiling test impairment 

Net capitalized costs 

The
Company did t incur ceiling test write-downs for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Depletion and amortization was million per BOE) and million per BOE) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Unevaluated
oil and natural gas properties consist of leasehold costs that are excluded from the depletion, depreciation and amortization calculation
and the ceiling test until a determination about the existence of proved reserves can be completed. Unevaluated oil and natural gas properties
consisted of unproved lease acquisition costs and costs paid to evaluate potential acquisition prospects of million at December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

On
a quarterly basis, management reviews market conditions and other changes in circumstances related to the Company s unevaluated
properties and transfers the costs to evaluated properties within the full cost pool as warranted. 

Results
of Operations from oil and natural gas producing activities 

The
following table includes revenues and expenses associated with the Company s oil and gas producing activities. It does not include
any allocation of the Company s interest costs or general corporate overhead and therefore, it is not necessarily indicative of
the contribution to net earnings of the Company s oil and gas operations. Income tax expense has been calculated by applying statutory
income tax rates to oil and gas sales after deducting costs, including DD A, and giving effect to permanent differences. Presented
below are the results of operations from oil and natural gas producing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Lease operating expense 

Production taxes 

Depletion 

Income tax benefit 
 
 - 

Results of operations from oil and natural gas producing activities 

Oil
and Natural Gas Reserves (Unaudited) 

Proved
reserves are estimated quantities of oil, NGLs and natural gas that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty
to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Oil and natural gas prices
used are the average price during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic
average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements.
Proved developed reserves are reserves that can reasonably be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment
and operating methods. The Company emphasizes that reserve estimates are inherently imprecise. Accordingly, these estimates are expected
to change as future information becomes available. 

Proved
oil and natural gas reserve quantities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related discounted future net cash flows before income taxes
are based on the estimates prepared by Don Jacks, PE. The estimates have been prepared in accordance with guidelines established by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. All of the Company s estimated proved reserves are located in the United States. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had no proved undeveloped reserves. All proved reserves were proved developed producing and
proved developed non-producing. 

Revisions of previous estimates 

Discoveries and extensions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchases of minerals in place 

- 
 
 Sale of minerals in place 

- 
 - 
 
 Production 

Reserve quantities, end of year 

(1) 

Notable
changes in proved reserves for the year ended December 31, 2022 included the following: 

Downward oil revisions in 2022 primarily represent revisions related to
assets acquired in our January 2022 acquisition. Certain wells acquired in West Texas were required
to be shut-in temporarily. 

Upward gas revisions in 2022 primarily represent revisions related to assets
acquired in our July 2022 acquisition. Revisions represent changes in estimated operating costs and pricing differentials. 

Purchases
 of minerals in place in 2022 represent reserves added as a result of the three separate acquisitions completed during the year. Please
 see Note 2-Acquisitions . 

Standardized
Measure (Unaudited) 

The
Company computes a standardized measure of future net cash flows and changes therein relating to estimated proved reserves in accordance
with authoritative accounting guidance. The assumptions used to compute the standardized measure are those prescribed by the FASB and
the SEC. These assumptions do not necessarily reflect the Company s expectations of actual revenues to be derived from those reserves,
nor their present value amount. The limitations inherent in the reserve quantity estimation process, as discussed previously, are equally
applicable to the standardized measure computations since these reserve quantity estimates are the basis for the valuation process. 

Future
cash inflows and production and development costs are determined by applying prices and costs, including transportation, quality, and
basis differentials, to the year-end estimated future reserve quantities. The following prices as adjusted for transportation, quality,
and basis differentials were used in the calculation of the standardized measure: 

Gas per Mcfe (1) 

(1) 

Future
operating costs are determined based on estimates of expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves in place
at the end of the period using year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Estimated future income taxes
are computed using the current statutory income tax rates, including consideration for estimated future statutory depletion. The resulting
future net cash flows are reduced to present value amounts by applying a annual discount factor. 

Future cash outflows: 

Production costs 

Development costs 
 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 

Future net cash flows 

annual discount factor 

Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows 

Changes
in Standardized Measure (Unaudited) 

Sales of oil and natural gas, net of production costs 

Net changes in prices and production costs 

Changes in estimated future development costs 

Extensions and discoveries 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchases of minerals in place 

Sale of minerals in place 
 
 - 
 
 Revisions in previous quantity estimates 

Previously estimated development costs incurred 
 - 

Net changes in income taxes 

Accretion of discount 

Changes in timing and other 

Standardized measure, end of year 

per share of common stock outstanding. The dividend
was paid on February 23, 2023 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 10, 2023. 

95 

PART
IV 

Item
15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1)
and (a)(2) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules: 

The
following financial statements are included in Item 8 of this report under Financial Statements and Supplementary Data : 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 68 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 70 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 71 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 72 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 73 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 74 

All
schedules are omitted because the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission
of the schedule or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statement and Notes thereto. 

(b)
Exhibits . The following exhibits are filed or furnished with or incorporated by reference into this report on Form 10-K: 

Incorporated
 by Reference 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
 Date 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Purchase
 and Sale Agreement between among Lubbock Energy Partners, LLC, as seller, and U.S. Energy Corp., as purchaser, dated as of October
 4, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 2.1 
 
 10/6/2021 

2.2 
 
 Purchase
 and Sale Agreement between among Banner Oil Gas, LLC, Woodford Petroleum, LLC and Llano Energy LLC, as sellers, and U.S. Energy
 Corp., as purchaser, dated as of October 4, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 2.2 
 
 10/6/2021 

2.3 
 
 Purchase
 and Sale Agreement between among Synergy Offshore, LLC, as seller, and U.S. Energy Corp., as purchaser, dated as of October 4, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 2.3 
 
 10/6/2021 

2.4 
 
 First
 Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreements between Lubbock Energy Partners, LLC; Banner Oil Gas, LLC, Woodford Petroleum, LLC
 and Llano Energy LLC; Synergy Offshore, LLC, and U.S. Energy Corp., dated as of October 25, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 2.4 
 
 10/27/2021 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Transfer, filed with the Secretary of State of Wyoming on August 3, 2022, and effective on August 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 3.4 
 
 8/3/2022 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Conversion, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware and effective August 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/4/2022 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of U.S. Energy Corp, Delaware, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware and effective, August 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 3.2 
 
 8/4/2022 

3.4 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of U.S. Energy Corp, Delaware, effective August 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 3.3 
 
 8/4/2022 

3.5 
 
 Wyoming
 Certificate of Transfer, effective August 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 3.4 
 
 8/4/2022 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant 

X 
 
 10.1 
 
 U.S.
 Energy Corp. Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Performance and Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/10/2020 

10.2 
 
 Form
 of Grant to the 2012 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.5.1 
 
 3/18/2013 

10.3 
 
 Form
 of 2012 Equity and Performance Plan Option Agreement between U.S. Energy Corp. and its directors 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.8(i) 
 
 3/28/2018 

10.4 
 
 Form
 of 2012 Equity and Performance Plan Incentive Option Agreement between U.S. Energy Corp. and its executive officers 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.8(j) 
 
 3/28/2018 

10.5 
 
 U.S.
 Energy Corp. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/29/2021 

96 

10.6 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (2021 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-261600

10.2 
 
 12/10/2021 

10.7 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (2021 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-261600

10.3 
 
 12/10/2021 

10.8 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated January 5, 2022, by and between U.S. Energy Corp., Banner Oil Gas, LLC, Woodford Petroleum, LLC, Llano Energy LLC, Lubbock Energy Partners LLC and Synergy Offshore LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.9 
 
 Nominating and Voting Agreement dated January 5, 2022, by and between U.S. Energy Corp., Banner Oil Gas, LLC, Woodford Petroleum, LLC, Llano Energy LLC, Lubbock Energy Partners LLC and Synergy Offshore LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.10 
 
 Contribution Agreement dated January 5, 2022, by and between U.S. Energy Corp., Banner Oil Gas, LLC, Woodford Petroleum, LLC, Llano Energy LLC, Lubbock Energy Partners LLC and Synergy Offshore LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.11 
 
 Farmout Agreement dated January 5, 2022, by and between U.S. Energy Corp. and Synergy Offshore LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.4 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.12 
 
 Transition Services Agreement dated January 5, 2022, by and between Banner Oil Gas, LLC and U.S. Energy Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.5 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.13 
 
 Credit Agreement dated as of January 5, 2022, among U.S. Energy Corp., as borrower, Firstbank Southwest, as Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.6 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.14 
 
 Note dated January 5, 2022 in connection with January 5, 2022, Credit Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.7 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.15 
 
 Unconditional Guaranty dated January 5, 2022, by and between Firstbank Southwest and Energy One LLC, New Horizon Resources LLC and BOG OSAGE, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.8 
 
 1/10/2022 

97 

10.16 
 
 Security Agreement dated January 5, 2022, by and between U.S. Energy Corp., Energy One LLC, New Horizon Resources LLC and BOG OSAGE, LLC and Firstbank Southwest 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.9 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.17 
 
 Intercreditor Agreement dated January 5, 2022, by and between Nextera Energy Marketing, LLC, each Swap Counterparty thereto, U.S. Energy Corp. and Firstbank Southwest 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.18 
 
 ISDA 2002 Master Agreement between Nextera Energy Marketing, LLC and U.S. Energy Corp., and related Schedule and form of Guaranty. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.11 
 
 1/10/2022 

10.19 
 
 Form of U.S. Energy Corp. Notice of Restricted Stock Grant and Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (2021 Equity Incentive Plan)(officer and employee awards January 2022) 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.12 
 
 1/21/2022 

10.20 
 
 Form of U.S. Energy Corp. Notice of Restricted Stock Grant and Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (2021 Equity Incentive Plan)(non-executive director awards January 2022) 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.13 
 
 1/21/2022 

10.21 
 
 Borrowing Base Increase Letter Agreement dated July 26, 2022, between U.S. Energy Corp. and Firstbank Southwest, as Administrative Agent 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.3 
 
 7/28/2022 

10.22 
 
 Amended and Restated Nominating and Voting Agreement dated September 1, 2022, by and between U.S. Energy Corp., Banner Oil Gas, LLC, Woodford Petroleum, LLC, Llano Energy LLC, Lubbock Energy Partners LLC, Synergy Offshore LLC, King Oil Gas Company, Inc., WDM Family Partnership, LP, and Katla Energy Holdings LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/16/2022 

10.23 
 
 Form of Officer and Director Indemnification Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/2/2022 

10.24 
 
 U.S. Energy Corp. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/21/2022 

98 

10.25 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (2022 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-267267

4.2 
 
 9/2/2022 

10.26 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (2022 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-267267

4.3 
 
 9/2/2022 

10.27 
 
 May 5, 2022 Employment Agreement between U.S. Energy Corp. and Ryan L. Smith 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/5/2022 

10.28# 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated June 29, 2022, by and among U.S. Energy Corp, as Buyer, and ETXENERGY, LLC, as Seller. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/30/2022 

10.29 
 
 Borrowing Base Increase Letter Agreement dated July 26, 2022, between U.S. Energy Corp. and Firstbank Southwest, as Administrative Agent 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 10.3 
 
 7/28/2022 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics and Conduct 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 14.1 
 
 8/5/2019 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Plante Moran, PLLC) 

X 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Reserve Engineer (Don Jacks, PE) 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 99.1 
 
 Reserve Report Summary (Don Jacks, PE) 

X 
 
 99.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Charter of the Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 99.2 
 
 3/28/2022 

99.3 
 
 Plan of Conversion of U.S. Energy Corp. (a Wyoming corporation) to U.S. Energy Corp. (a Delaware corporation), dated July 27, 2022 and effective August 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-06814 
 
 99.1 
 
 8/4/2022 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Inline
 XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set 

X 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

Exhibit
 constitutes a management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. 

# 
 Certain
 schedules, annexes, and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted
 schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however, that
 U.S. Energy Corp. may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for
 any schedule or exhibit so furnished. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

99 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

U.S.
 ENERGY CORP. 

Date:
 April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan L. Smith 

RYAN
 L. SMITH, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan L. Smith 

RYAN
 L. SMITH, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

Date:
 April 13, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/
 John A. Weinzierl 

John
 Weinzierl, Director 

Date:
April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Joshua L. Batchelor 

Joshua
 L. Batchelor 

Date:
April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James W. Denny III 

James
 W. Denny III, Director 

Date:
 April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Randall D. Keys 

Randall
 D. Keys, Director 

Date:
 April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Duane H. King 

Duane
 H. King, Director 

Date:
 April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 D. Stephen Slack 

D.
 Stephen Slack, Director 

100 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The following summary describes
the common stock of U.S. Energy Corp., a Delaware corporation U.S. Energy or the Company ),
which common stock is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

Description of Common Stock 

The following description of our
common stock is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated
Bylaws Bylaws ), which are incorporated by reference herein, and by applicable law (including Delaware General Corporation
Law DGCL )). For purposes of this description, references to U.S. Energy, we, 
 our and us refer only to the Company and not to its subsidiaries. 

Authorized Capitalization 

The Company is authorized to issue
up to 245,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share Preferred Stock ). 

The terms of our preferred stock
are not included herein as such preferred stock is not registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

Common Stock 

Voting Rights . Each
share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all stockholder matters. Shares of our common stock do not possess any cumulative
voting rights. 

Except for the election of directors,
if a quorum is present, an action on a matter is approved if it receives the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting
power of the shares of capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter, unless
otherwise required by applicable law, Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. The election of directors will be determined
by a plurality of the votes cast in respect of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote,
meaning that the nominees with the greatest number of votes cast, even if less than a majority, will be elected. The rights, preferences
and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be impacted by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of
preferred stock that we have designated, or may designate and issue in the future. 

Dividend Rights .
Each share of our common stock is entitled to equal dividends and distributions per share with respect to the common stock when, as and
if declared by our Board of Directors, subject to any preferential or other rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 

Liquidation and Dissolution
Rights . Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata on a share-for-share
basis, the assets available for distribution to the stockholders after payment of liabilities and payment of preferential and other amounts,
if any, payable on any outstanding preferred stock. 

No Preemptive, Conversion,
or Redemption Rights . Holders of our outstanding common stock have no preemptive, conversion, or redemption rights. Shares of
our common stock are not assessable. To the extent that additional shares of our common stock may be issued in the future, the relative
interests of the then existing stockholders may be diluted. 

Fully Paid Status. All
outstanding shares of the Company s common stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Trading Market . Our
common stock is listed for trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol USEG . 

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Certain provisions of the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and the DGCL, which are summarized below, could have the effect of making it more difficult to change
the composition of the Company s Board of Directors or for any person or entity to acquire control of the Company. 

Advance Notice of Stockholder
Proposals and Nominations for Directors 

Stockholders who seek to nominate
directors or to bring business before a stockholder meeting must comply with specified timing requirements and submit to the Company certain
information in advance of such meeting, as set forth in the Bylaws. These provisions may impede a stockholder s ability to bring
matters before an annual or special meeting or make nominations for directors. 

Authorized but Unissued
Shares of Common Stock 

Shares of our authorized and unissued
common stock are available for future issuances without additional stockholder approval. While the additional shares are not designed
to deter or prevent a change of control, under some circumstances we could use the additional shares to create voting impediments or to
frustrate persons seeking to affect a takeover or otherwise gain control by, for example, issuing those shares in private placements to
purchasers who might side with our Board of Directors in opposing a hostile takeover bid. 

Authorized but Unissued
Shares of Preferred Stock . 

Under our Certificate of Incorporation,
our Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock
in one or more series and to fix the voting powers, designations, preferences and the relative participating, optional or other special
rights and qualifications, limitations and restrictions of each series, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights,
voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series. The existence of authorized
but unissued preferred stock could reduce our attractiveness as a target for an unsolicited takeover bid since we could, for example,
issue shares of preferred stock to parties who might oppose such a takeover bid or shares that contain terms the potential acquirer may
find unattractive. This may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, may discourage bids for the common stock at
a premium over the market price of the common stock, and may adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of
the holders of, our common stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 

In accordance with the terms of
our Certificate of Incorporation, our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, Class One, Class Two and Class Three, with members
of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Under our Certificate of Incorporation, our Board of Directors consists of such number
of directors as may be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors, but in no event may the number of directors
be less than one or more than fifteen. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed
among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides that any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may
be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director. Any director elected to fill a vacancy will hold office until such director s successor shall have been duly elected and
qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation or removal. Our classified Board of Directors could have the effect
of delaying or discouraging an acquisition of us or a change in our management. 

Removal of Directors 

As a result of our classified
Board of Directors, our Bylaws provide that directors may be removed only for cause and upon the affirmative vote of holders of at least
a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors. 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Special meetings of stockholders
may only be called by a majority vote of our board of directors. 

Action by Written Consent 

Any action required or permitted
to be taken by our common stockholders may be effected by written consent of the stockholders having not less than the minimum percentage
of the vote required by DGCL for the proposed corporate action. 

Vacancies on the Board of
Directors 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws provide that, subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock and unless otherwise required
by law or resolution of our board of directors, vacancies on the board of directors arising through death, resignation, retirement, disqualification
or removal, an increase in the number of directors or otherwise may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less
than a quorum. 

Amendment to Bylaws by Stockholders 

Subject to certain limitations
preventing amendments which decrease or diminish indemnification rights provided for in our Bylaws, our Bylaws provide that any amendment
to such Bylaws undertaken solely by our stockholders requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority in voting power of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company. 

Forum Selection Clause 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (an Alternative Forum Consent ),
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on
behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer,
employee or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company, each as amended, or (iv) any action
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, however, that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding
shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such
other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff asserting
the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. 

The following provisions would
not however apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the
Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act
or the rules and regulations thereunder and Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and an investor cannot waive compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the above, to prevent having to litigate claims in multiple
jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our Certificate of Incorporation
provides that unless the Company gives an Alternative Forum Consent, the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for
resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. However, there is uncertainty as to whether a court
would enforce such a provision. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder
may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we
would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation.
This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance
that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 

These exclusive forum provisions
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were
to find either exclusive-forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional
costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could seriously harm our business. 

Anti-Takeover Effects Under Section 203 of Delaware
General Corporation Law 

Section 203 of Delaware General
Corporation Law prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period
of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: 

before such date, the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 percent of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or an exchange offer; or 

on or after such date, the business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or a special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 percent of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

In general, Section 203 defines business
combination to include the following: 

any merger or consolidation involving the corporation or any direct or indirect majority owned subsidiary of the corporation and the interested stockholder or any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association, or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation the transaction is not excepted as described above; 

any sale, transfer, pledge, or other disposition (in one transaction or a series) of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 

any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loss, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 

In general, Section 203 defines
an interested stockholder as an entity or a person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates,
beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 percent or more
of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A Delaware corporation may opt
out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its
certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding
voting shares. We have opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us will
not be limited by Section 203 of Delaware law. 

The provisions of Delaware law
and the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile
takeovers and, as a consequence, they might also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result
from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions might also have the effect of preventing changes in our management.
It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders might otherwise deem to
be in their best interests. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Energy One LLC, Wyoming, wholly-owned 

New Horizon Resources, LLC, North Dakota wholly-owned 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in U.S. Energy Corp. s
Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-267286, 333-265532 and 333-248906), Form S-1 (Nos 333-249738 and 333-220363) and Form S-8
(Nos. 333-108979, 333-166638, 333-180735, , 333-183911, 333-261600 and 333-267267) of our report dated April 13, 2023 relating to the
December 31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated financial statements of U.S. Energy Corp., which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ Plante Moran, PLLC 

Denver, Colorado 

April 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF DON JACKS, P.E. 

I hereby consent to the inclusion
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K prepared by U.S. Energy Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, of my
report relating to certain estimated quantities of the Company s proved reserves of oil and natural gas, future net income and discounted
future net income, effective December 31, 2022. I further consent to reference to me in the Annual Report, including under Item 2 
Properties under the heading Oil and Natural Gas Interests and Item 8, Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
under the caption Supplemental Oil and Natural Gas Information (Unaudited). I further consent to the inclusion of my report
dated January 27, 2023, containing my opinion on the proved reserves attributable to certain properties that the Company has represented
that it has an interest in as of December 31, 2022, as an exhibit in the Annual Report and to the incorporation by reference of information
from my Report into the Company s Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-267286 and 333-265532), and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-267267,
333-183911, and 333-261600). 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Don Jacks 

Don Jacks, P.E. 

April 13, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Ryan L. Smith, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of U.S. Energy Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ryan L. Smith 

Ryan L. Smith 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting/Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of U.S. Energy Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: April 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ryan L. Smith 

Ryan L. Smith 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting/Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.2>
 8
 ex99-1.htm

Exhibit
99.1 

3602
S. Garland Rd. 

 Enid,
OK 73703 

 580-822-1145 

1/27/23 

US
Energy Corporation 

 1616
S. Voss, Ste. 725 

 Houston,
TX 77057 

Attn:
Ryan Smith, CEO 

Re:
USEG 4Q 2022 Reserve Report as of 1/01/23 

Dear
Ryan: 

As
per your request, I have evaluated remaining reserves for 393 properties in Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, and Wyoming. Production was updated for all the leases and reserve projections reviewed and revised. Operating
expenses and price differentials were determined from your accounting system for all leases. Operator names reflect New Horizon Resources
LLC that were in effect at year end. This report is organized by USEG Districts. This report uses the SEC 4Q22 first day of the month
price forecast averaged over the prior 12 months as confirmed by industry websites and documented in attachment 06. A summary table with
each well s value along with other reports are included in support of this 4Q22 evaluation. 

PROVED
 RESERVE VALUE As Of January 1, 2023 
 
 Total Proved Res 

(PV10 

174,237,772 

(5,140,087 BO 16,348,261
 MCF Net) 

P-DP
 RESERVE VALUE As Of January 1, 2023 
 
 Dist. 1 

PDP 

(PV10 

18,151,768 

358,212 BO 3,702,597 MCF
 Net) 
 
 Dist. 2 

PDP 

(PV10 

3,930,808 

157,530 BO 230,381 MCF Net) 
 
 Dist. 3 

PDP 

(PV10 

22,643,547 

774,290 BO 901,892 MCF Net) 
 
 Dist. 4A 

PDP 

(PV10 

34,561,367 

982,668 BO 1,274,118 MCF Net) 
 
 Dist. 4B 

PDP 

(PV10 

33,987,326 

640,346 BO 8,931,856 MCF Net) 
 
 Dist. 5 

PDP 

(PV10 

59,807,744 

(2,195,755
 BO 1,276,095 MCF Net) 
 
 Total P-DP Reserves 

(PV10 

173,082,561 

(5,108,802 BO 
 16,316,938 MCF Net) 

P-NP
 RESERVE VALUE As Of January 1, 2023 
 
 Dist. 4A 

PNP 

(PV10 

1,155,211 

31,286 BO 31,323 MCF Net) 
 
 Total P-NP Reserves 

(PV10 

1,155,211 

31,286 BO 31,323 MCF Net) 

page 1 of 3 

Monthly
production was updated through 12/31/22 for operated leases where possible and through 10/31/22 for almost all the leases in this report.
A rigorous analysis of OPEX was done for the high value leases. OPEX was forecast with fixed costs determined from USEG accounting data
through 10/22. Consistent with prior reports, abandonment and salvage costs were not applied. Asset retirement obligations (ARO) are
handled by USEG management. 

USEG 4Q22 Reserve Summary 

Net 
 Net 
 Net 
 Net 
 Net 

Net 
 Net 
 Oil Rev 
 Gas Rev 
 Misc Rev 
 OPEX/TAX 
 CAPEX 
 PV0 
 PV10 

MBO 
 MMCF 
 M 
 M 
 M 
 M 
 M 
 M 
 M 

TOTAL 
 Proved 
 5,140.087 
 16,348.261 
 466,045.623 
 93,371.911 
 3,127.326 
 227,364.511 
 200.000 
 334,980.349 
 174,237.772 
 100 

1 
 PDP 
 358.212 
 3,702.597 
 33,284.519 
 27,085.136 
 0.000 
 26,189.829 
 0.000 
 34,179.826 
 18,151.768 
 10 
 
 2 
 PDP 
 157.530 
 230.381 
 14,698.289 
 1,454.607 
 0.000 
 9,722.627 
 0.000 
 6,430.270 
 3,930.808 
 2 
 
 3 
 PDP 
 774.290 
 901.892 
 72,275.397 
 5,613.770 
 0.000 
 33,486.461 
 0.000 
 44,402.706 
 22,643.547 
 13 
 
 4A 
 PDP 
 982.668 
 1,274.118 
 92,303.588 
 6,969.339 
 0.000 
 39,059.795 
 0.000 
 60,213.132 
 34,561.367 
 20 
 
 4B 
 PDP 
 640.346 
 8,931.856 
 58,703.289 
 46,951.899 
 0.000 
 35,372.138 
 0.000 
 70,283.050 
 33,987.326 
 20 
 
 5 
 PDP 
 2,195.755 
 1,276.095 
 191,820.301 
 5,076.032 
 3,127.326 
 82,233.682 
 0.000 
 117,789.976 
 59,807.744 
 35 
 
 TOTAL 
 PDP 
 5,108.802 
 16,316.938 
 463,085.383 
 93,150.784 
 3,127.326 
 226,064.532 
 0.000 
 333,298.961 
 173,082.561 
 100 

4A 
 Total 
 31.286 
 31.323 
 2,960.240 
 221.127 
 0.000 
 1,299.979 
 200.000 
 1,681.388 
 1,155.211 
 100 
 
 TOTAL 
 PDNP 
 31.286 
 31.323 
 2,960.240 
 221.127 
 0.000 
 1,299.979 
 200.000 
 1,681.388 
 1,155.211 
 100 

OPER 
 PDP 
 4,358.416 
 14,510.044 
 393,393.803 
 83,167.327 
 0.000 
 189,881.306 
 0.000 
 286,679.824 
 148,437.526 
 86 
 
 NON-OP 
 PDP 
 750.39 
 1,806.89 
 69,691.58 
 9,983.46 
 3,127.33 
 36,183.23 
 0.00 
 46,619.14 
 24,645.03 
 14 
 
 TOTAL 
 PDP 
 5,108.802 
 16,316.938 
 463,085.383 
 93,150.784 
 3,127.326 
 226,064.532 
 0.000 
 333,298.961 
 173,082.561 
 100 

Wellhead
oil price averaged 90.67/BO throughout the economic life of the properties and included deductions for transportation quality.
Wellhead gas price averaged 5.71/MCF throughout the economic life of the properties and included deductions for marketing, transportation
 quality. Supporting 4Q22 documents for price assumptions, differentials and operating costs are included in support of this evaluation. 

USEG - 2022 Q4 SEC Price Forecast 

SEC WTI 
 SEC HH 
 SEC Prop 

/BO 
 /MCF 
 /Bbl 
 
 1/1/2022 
 75.21 
 3.72 
 47.17 
 
 2/1/2022 
 88.20 
 5.58 
 54.94 
 
 3/1/2022 
 103.41 
 4.28 
 60.82 
 
 4/1/2022 
 99.27 
 5.48 
 57.12 
 
 5/1/2022 
 104.69 
 6.84 
 54.39 
 
 6/1/2022 
 115.26 
 8.46 
 51.79 
 
 7/1/2022 
 108.43 
 6.46 
 51.41 
 
 8/1/2022 
 93.89 
 8.37 
 46.79 
 
 9/1/2022 
 86.61 
 8.95 
 45.40 
 
 10/1/2022 
 79.49 
 6.29 
 36.33 
 
 11/1/2022 
 88.37 
 5.08 
 36.88 
 
 12/1/2022 
 81.22 
 6.80 
 31.50 
 
 2022 Q4 Avg 
 93.67 
 6.36 
 47.88 
 
 Per R-S 1st of Month WTI HH 
 51 

Proven
Developed Oil and Gas reserves, as shown in the E-mailed reports, are reserves that geological and engineering data indicate to be recoverable
from known oil and gas reservoirs through existing wells with existing operating methods. 

The
reserves and values included in this report are estimates only and should not be construed as being exact quantities. The reserve estimates
were performed using accepted engineering practices and were primarily based on historical rate decline analysis for existing producers.
As additional pressure and production performance data becomes available, reserve estimates may increase or decrease in the future. The
revenue from such reserves and the actual costs related may be more or less than the estimated amounts. Because of governmental policies
and uncertainties of supply and demand, the prices actually received for the reserves included in this report and the costs incurred
in recovering such reserves may vary from the price and cost assumptions referenced. Therefore, in all cases, estimates of reserves may
increase or decrease as a result of future operations. 

page 2 of 3 

In
evaluating the information available for this analysis, items excluded from consideration were all matters as to which legal or accounting,
rather than engineering interpretation, may be controlling. As in all aspects of oil and gas evaluation, there are uncertainties inherent
in the interpretation of engineering data and such conclusions necessarily represent only informed professional judgments. 

The
title to the property has not been examined nor has the actual degree or type of interest owned been independently confirmed. A field
inspection of the properties is not usually considered necessary for the purpose of this report. 

Information
included in this report includes the graphical decline curves, historical and projected production and cash flow economic results, and
miscellaneous individual well information. Additional information reviewed will be retained and is available for review at any time.
I can take no responsibility for the accuracy of the data used in the analysis, whether gathered from public sources or otherwise. 

Reserve
classifications conform to the 2007 SPE/WPC/AAPG/SPEE Petroleum Resource Management System (SPE-PRMS) which are available for review
in a 49 page document at www.spee.org/images/PDFs/ReferencesResources/Petroleum_Resources_Management_System_2007.pdf . A 5 page
abbreviated summary of the proved reserve classes is attached to the report. 

Sincerely, 

Don
Jacks, 

page 3 of 3 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 useg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 useg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 useg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 useg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

