<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1866547_0001493152-23-012551.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4754382</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>240433</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1511626</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1052706</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>861337</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1002145</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012551.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417163438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012551
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aetherium Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866547
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41189
		FILM NUMBER:		23824368

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		79B PEMBERWICK RD.
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06831
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 450-6836

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		79B PEMBERWICK RD.
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06831

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012551.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were shares
of redeemable Class A common stock, 528,500 shares of non-redeemable Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares
of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately
 million. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 6 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 6 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 6 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 6 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 6 
 
 PART II 
 
 7 
 
 ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 7 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 7 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 8 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 10 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 10 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 11 
 
 PART III 
 
 12 
 
 ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 12 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 20 
 
 PART IV 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 21 

2 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

References
to the Company, our, us or we refer to Aetherium Acquisition Corp., a blank check
company incorporated in Delaware on April 15, 2021. References to our Sponsor refer to Aetherium Capital Holdings LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company. References to our IPO refer to the initial public offering of Aetherium Acquisition
Corp., which closed on January 3, 2022. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the
Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report
that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any
statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability
 to complete our initial business combination; 

success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers
 and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool
 of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
 change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

use
 of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

proceeds
 being available in trust upon the consummation of our initial business combination; or 

financial
performance following the IPO. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
in our IPO prospectus, dated December 29, 2021 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and
when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

3 

part
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in April 2021 as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which
we refer to as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities related
to our initial public offering and search for an initial business combination target. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business
will not be limited to a particular business, industry or sector or geographical region, although we intend to focus on businesses in
the education, training and education technology EdTech industries, specifically in Asia (excluding China). Our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that we shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with
its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

The
Registration Statement for our initial public offering was declared effective on December 29, 2021 (the Initial Public Offering, 
or IPO ). On January 3, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 11,500,000 units (the Units and each Unit consists
of one share of Class A common stock (the Public Shares ), and one redeemable warrant, with respect to shares of Class A
common stock included in the Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000, and incurring offering costs of 6,755,007,
of which 4,025,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions. We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional
1,500,000 Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. On January 3, 2022, the over-allotment option
was also exercised in full. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 528,500 units (the Placement
Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 5,285,000 (the Private
Placement ). The Placement Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 3, 2022, an amount of 116,725,000 10.15 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units was placed in a trust
account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and held as cash or may be invested in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the liquidation of the funds in the Trust
Account to our stockholders. 

At
the time of the IPO, our Amended and Restated Certificate provided that if we are unable to complete an initial business combination
within fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account, and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

On
March 23, 2023, we held a Special Meeting of our stockholders seeking approval to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
to extend the date by which we must consummate a business combination up to twelve (12) times (the Charter Amendment ),
each such extension for an additional one (1) month period from April 3, 2023 to April 3, 2024. We also sought approval to amend the
investment management trust agreement, dated as of December 29, 2021, by and between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
allowing us to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination up to twelve (12) times, each such extension
for an additional one (1) month period, until April 3, 2024, by depositing into the trust account established for the benefit of the
Company s public stockholders the lesser of (A) 0.055 per non-redeeming publicly held share of common stock and (B) 150,000 (the
 Extension Payment for each one-month extension. Both proposals were approved. 

4 

Our
Company 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in April 2021 as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which
we refer to as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities
related to this offering. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular business, industry
or sector or geographical region, although we intend to focus on businesses in the education, training and education technology EdTech industries, specifically in Asia (excluding China). Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that we shall not
undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau).
We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive
discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. 

While
we may pursue an initial business combination target in any business, industry or sector or geographical location, we intend to focus
on businesses in the education, training and EdTech industries, specifically in Asia (excluding China). Our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation provides that we shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations
in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We believe that combining our company with a leading high-growth education, training and EdTech
company will fuel organic growth and provide a platform for future acquisitions. We will be focusing our search on companies built on
disruptive technologies and business platforms. We believe this is the key to gain competitive advantages. With the application of additional
capital through our company, we believe we will be able to fast track technological advancement, employ cutting edge design, and improve
processes. 

Our
Management Team 

Our
management team is led by Jonathan Chan, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Alex Lee, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Jonathan
Chan is the founder and Managing Partner of Vigilant Assets Pte. Ltd., an investment advisory firm. He is also the founder and CEO of
Jules Corporation JULES ), where over the past six years he has devoted his efforts and expertise in building his network
in the education and EdTech ecosystem. Driven by the JULES mission to prepare our children for jobs of the future, Mr.
Chan is credited in leading the creation of the world s first Digital Literacy curriculum for preschoolers, teaching Computational
Thinking and digital life skills during the early childhood years. The JULES School of Fish curriculum is acknowledged
as an innovative and awarded product in its category. JULES efforts as a social enterprise have received global recognition and accolades
at the World Economic Forum as well as by education ministries and UNICEF as playing a pioneering and catalytic role in empowering young
children with critical digital literacy skills as a foundation for life-long learning. Prior to being a technopreneur, Mr. Chan spent
27 years in banking and corporate finance covering the technology, media and telecom sectors. Mr. Chan has held senior positions as the
Asia Head of Technology Investment Banking at Salomon Smith Barney/Citibank and as Head of Investment Banking, Southeast Asia at CLSA
Merchant Bankers Limited where he was credited with structuring the most original deal for the listing of the first independent REIT
in Singapore. Mr. Chan has been featured in CNBC, The Straits Times, Channel NewsAsia and Education Technology Insights, and spoken at
conferences around the world including the Red Herring Global, Edutech Asia, Global Blockchain Foundation, EdTechX, Wall St. Digital
Live, Global Education Technology Summit, and the Global EdTech Start-up Awards. Mr. Chan is an acknowledged thought leader in promoting
the blockchain in education initiatives and a frequent speaker on this subject at numerous conferences. Mr. Chan has also
held director roles in M A at British Telecom and Cable Wireless. Mr. Chan holds an MBA from Washington University s
Olin School of Business and a B.Sc. in Finance from Indiana University s Kelly School of Business. 

Alex
Lee is a managing director of Vigilant Assets Pte. Ltd. and has over 20 years of experience in various hardware and software technology
driven sectors, encompassing DNS (Domain Name System) SaaS, digital media/marketing, and most recently, blockchain/distributed ledger
technology. In addition to holding corporate positions and founding several companies, he has spent more than 15 years advising and creating
cross-border business partnerships and investments in Asia and the U.S. Mr. Lee is currently the founder and CEO of Liquidigy.com, a
security token issuance and investment platform and an active digital assets portfolio manager and angel investor. He also co-founded
BITCV Foundation, a Singapore-based organization focused on the development of blockchain-powered technologies, solutions and applications
that facilitates the management of blockchain assets. Prior to this, Mr. Lee worked in China for 13 years serving as Director of International
Affairs at China Internet Network Information Center and was co-founder of two start-ups: NameRich.cn, a China-based domain name registrar
(acquired 2012) and the Dot Trademark Registry, one of the world s first Chinese language domain name registries. He was also Director
of Strategic Partnerships at BlueFocus International in Silicon Valley where he was responsible for creating and managing synergies between
BlueFocus International s portfolio agencies and BlueFocus Communication Group headquartered in Beijing, China. Active in the blockchain/crypto
space since 2017, he is an active investor in several high-profile ventures and numerous early-stage ventures, primarily focused on digital
securities, Decentralized Finance and digital art collectibles NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens). During the internet v1.0 years, Mr.
Lee worked at First MediaWorks where he led the company s flagship account with ABC Radio Networks and spearheaded the launch of
over 30 owned-and-operated radio stations first websites in 10 markets around the U.S., including WPLJ, KLOS, KSFO, KGO and WMAL.
Mr. Lee graduated with a B.A. degree in Cultural Anthropology from Northeastern University and holds FINRA Series 63 and SIE qualifications. 

We
believe our management team is well positioned to take advantage of the growing set of acquisition opportunities focused on the education,
training and EdTech industries and that our contacts and relationships, ranging from owners and management teams of private and public
companies, private equity funds, investment bankers, attorneys, to accountants and business brokers will allow us to generate an attractive
transaction for our stockholders. 

5 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have
extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution
they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We
currently have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend
to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until
we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether
a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we
are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have
an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
executive offices are located at 79B Pemberwick Rd., Greenwich, CT 06831, and our telephone number is (650) 450-6836. 

Since
December 30, 2021, the date our securities began trading on Nasdaq, we have paid ARC Group Limited, our financial advisor 10,000 per
month for our office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our
current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

6 

part
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol GMFIU on December 30, 2021. The Class A common
stock and warrants comprising the units began trading separately on February 18, 2022. Our Class A common stock and warrants are traded
on Nasdaq under the symbols GMFI and GMFIW, respectively. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of April 14, 2023, there were 3,519,503 of our shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 2 stockholders
of record, and there were 2,875,000 of our shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 10 stockholders
of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners
of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to our initial
business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness subsequent
to the initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There
were no sales of unregistered securities. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
January 3, 2022, we completed our Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 Units, including the issuance of 1,500,000 Units as a result
of the underwriter s full exercise of its over-allotment option. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating
gross proceeds of 115,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we completed a Private Placement of an aggregate of 528,500 Placement Units at
a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 5,285,000. The Placement Units are identical to the Units sold
in the IPO. The holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Placement Units or underlying securities (except in limited
circumstances) until 30 days after completion of our initial business combination. The holders were also granted certain demand and piggyback
registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Placement Units. The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transaction did not involve a public offering. 

A
total of 116,725,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement was deposited in the Trust Account, over which Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company is trustee, which was established for the benefit of our public stockholders. Except with respect
to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, and up to 100,000 of
interest that may be used for our dissolution expenses, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Placement Units will not be released
from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of
any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain
amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activities, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable
law. 

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see below Item 7 Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

7 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-K,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on April 15, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses.
We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants, our capital
stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

All
activity through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation, IPO, and search for a prospective initial business combination target. 

We
are incurring significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination
will be successful. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from April 15, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and identifying a target company
for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We incur expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net loss of 623,874 , which consisted of realized gain on marketable securities
held in our Trust Account of 1,189,699 offset by formation and operational costs of 1,405,790, franchise tax of 200,050 and
provision for income tax of 207,733. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to
the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 115,000,000 (the Initial Public Offering ), and incurring offering costs of 6,755,007, of which 4,025,000
was for deferred underwriting commissions. The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,500,000
Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. On January 3, 2022, the over-allotment option was exercised
in full. Simultaneously with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate
of 528,500 units (the Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds
of 5,285,000 (the Private Placement ). A total of 116,725,000 of the net proceeds from the Offering and the Private Placement
was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders. The proceeds held in the trust
account were invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
A total of 1,451,900 was deposited into the operating account of the Company. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a
non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In
the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account,
if any, to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such
loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business
combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. Other than as described above, the terms of such loans by our officers
and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek
loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. As December 31, 2022, the Company
has borrowed 91,124 under such loans. 

8 

Moreover,
we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem
a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could
acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional
financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only
complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the
trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional
financing in order to meet our obligations. 

As
indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2022, the Company had 334 of cash in its operating bank
account and a working capital of 112,922,795. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit
of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination
will be successful. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

The
Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company
is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing of the IPO, the
requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial
doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The balance sheet does not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs
of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s
amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial statement has been prepared in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going
concern. 

Related
Party Transactions 

The
Sponsor loaned the Company an aggregate of 122,352 of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO. The note is non-interest
bearing and payable on the earlier of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or the date on which the Company determines not
to proceed with the Initial Public Offering. Following the IPO of the Company on January 3, 2022, a total of 122,352 under the promissory
note was repaid on January 6, 2022. 

On
May 11, 2021, the Sponsor purchased 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per
share. In June 2021, the Sponsor transferred 20,000 shares each to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and David Kopp, 15,000
shares to the Company s Chief Financial Officer and 10,000 shares to each of the Company s independent director nominees.
In July 2021, the Sponsor also transferred 431,250 shares to ARC Group Limited. In November 2021, ARC Group Limited transferred 140,400
shares to Max Mark Capital Limited, 140,400 shares to Jonathan Chan, and 10,000 shares to Mei Eng Goy. ARC Group Limited purchased its
net 140,450 shares in consideration of services provided by such party as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the Initial
Public Offering. Each of the transfers above were completed at the same per share purchase price as the Sponsor paid for the founder
shares, or 0.009. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent
20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering (excluding the placement units and underlying securities). The per share
purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number
of founder shares issued. As of December 31, 2022, the Sponsor owned 2,358,750 shares of Class B common stock. As the underwriters 
over-allotment option has been exercised in full, none of the Sponsor shares were forfeited. 

9 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ).
Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination
into additional Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may
use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account
would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As December 31, 2022, the Company has borrowed 91,124 under such loans. 

Our
sponsor purchased an aggregate of 528,500 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of 5,285,000.
Each placement unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one warrant. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase one share
of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to the founder shares, the placement shares, or the placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a
business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering. The placement units are identical to the units sold in the IPO
except that the placement units and their component securities (a) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after
the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees and (b) so long as they are held by our sponsor
or its permitted transferees, will be entitled to registration rights. 

Our
initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and placement shares (i) in connection
with the consummation of a business combination, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or certain amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the completion of this offering or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activities and (iii) if we fail to
consummate a business combination within 15 months from the completion of this offering or if we liquidate prior to the expiration of
the 15-month period. However, our initial stockholders will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public shares held by
them if we fail to consummate a business combination or liquidate within the 15-month period. 

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement we have entered into with our initial stockholders, we may be required to register certain securities
for sale under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders of units issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled
under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register certain of our securities held by them for sale
under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act.
In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the
costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. See the section of this Annual Report entitled Certain Relationships
and Related Party Transactions. 

On
March 23, 2023, we held a Special Meeting of our stockholders seeking approval to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
to extend the date by which we must consummate a business combination up to twelve (12) times (the Charter Amendment ),
each such extension for an additional one (1) month period from April 3, 2023 to April 3, 2024. We also sought approval to amend the
investment management trust agreement, dated as of December 29, 2021, by and between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
allowing us to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination up to twelve (12) times, each such extension
for an additional one (1) month period, until April 3, 2024, by depositing into the trust account established for the benefit of the
Company s public stockholders the lesser of (A) 0.055 per non-redeeming publicly held share of common stock and (B) 150,000 (the
 Extension Payment for each one-month extension. Both proposals were approved. 

Off-balance
sheet financing arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. As of December 31, 2022, there were no critical accounting policies. 

Recent
accounting standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

10 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15
(e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. In connection with the evaluation of the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments,
and management s subsequent re-evaluation of its Prior Financials, the Company determined that there were errors in its accounting
for its complex financial instruments and related disclosure. Management concluded that a deficiency in inadequate segregation of duties
within account processes due to limited personnel and insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting, IT and financial reporting
and record keeping and that such failure constituted a material weakness. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board
of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because
of these inherent limitations, management does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and
all fraud. Management conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 2013 Framework ).
Based on our evaluation under the 2013 Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that
our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes
that the financial statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management
has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our
review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to
accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and
consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting
firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

11 

part
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers . 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Jonathan
 Chan 
 
 58 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Alex
 Lee 
 
 48 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Lim
 How Teck 
 
 72 
 
 Director 

Mariana
 Kou 
 
 39 
 
 Director 

Charles
 Abelmann 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Jonathan
Chan is the founder and Managing Partner of Vigilant Assets Pte. Ltd., an investment advisory firm. He is also the founder and
CEO of Jules Corporation JULES ), where over the past 6 years he has devoted his efforts in building his expertise and
network in the education and EdTech ecosystem. Driven by the JULES mission to prepare our children for jobs of the future ,
Mr. Chan is credited in leading the creation of the world s first Digital Literacy curriculum for preschoolers, teaching Computational
Thinking and digital life skills during the early childhood years. The JULES School of Fish curriculum is acknowledged
as an innovative and awarded product in its category. JULES efforts as a social enterprise have received global recognition and accolades
at the World Economic Forum as well as by education ministries and UNICEF as playing a pioneering and catalytic role in empowering young
children with critical digital literacy skills as a foundation for life-long learning. Prior to being a technopreneur, Mr. Chan spent
27 years in banking and corporate finance covering the technology, media and telecom sectors. Mr. Chan has held senior positions as the
Asia Head of Technology Investment Banking at Salomon Smith Barney/Citibank and as Head of Investment Banking, Southeast Asia at CLSA
Merchant Bankers Limited where he was credited with structuring the most original deal for the listing of the first independent REIT
in Singapore. Mr. Chan has been featured in CNBC, The Straits Times, Channel NewsAsia and Education Technology Insights, and spoken at
conferences around the world including the Red Herring Global, Edutech Asia, Global Blockchain Foundation, EdTechX, Wall St. Digital
Live, Global Education Technology Summit, and the Global EdTech Start-up Awards. Mr. Chan is an acknowledged thought leader in promoting
the blockchain in education initiatives and a frequent speaker on this subject at numerous conferences. Mr. Chan has also
held director roles in M A at British Telecom and Cable Wireless. Mr. Chan holds an MBA from Washington University s
Olin School of Business and a B.Sc. in Finance from Indiana University s Kelly School of Business. We believe Mr. Chan is well-qualified
to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in global finance and the digital education industry, as well as
his network of contacts and relationships. 

Alex
Lee is a managing director of Vigilant Assets Pte. Ltd. and has over 20 years of experience in various hardware and software
technology driven sectors, encompassing DNS (Domain Name System) SaaS, digital media/marketing, and most recently blockchain/distributed
ledger technology. In addition to holding corporate positions and founding several companies, he has spent more than 15 years advising
and creating cross-border business partnerships and investments in Asia and the U.S. Since 2019, Mr. Lee has been the founder and CEO
of Liquidigy.com, a security token issuance and investment platform and an active digital assets portfolio manager and angel investor.
He has also been a principal at The Shongum Group, a technology consulting company, since 2017. From 2016 to 2017, Mr. Lee was director
of strategic partnerships at BlueFocus International, a marketing and brand management services company. Mr. Lee also co-founded BITCV
Foundation, a Singapore-based organization focused on the development of blockchain-powered technologies, solutions and applications
that facilitates the management of blockchain assets. Prior to this, Mr. Lee worked in China for 13 years serving as Director of International
Affairs at China Internet Network Information Center and was co-founder of two start-ups: NameRich.cn, a China-based domain name registrar
(acquired 2012) and the Dot Trademark Registry, one of the world s first Chinese language domain name registries. He was also Director
of Strategic Partnerships at BlueFocus International in Silicon Valley where he was responsible for creating and managing synergies between
BlueFocus International s portfolio agencies and BlueFocus Communication Group headquartered in Beijing, China. Active in the blockchain/crypto
space since 2017, he is an active investor in several high-profile ventures and numerous early-stage ventures, primarily focused on digital
securities, Decentralized Finance and digital art collectibles NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens). During the internet v1.0 years, Mr.
Lee worked at First MediaWorks where he led the company s flagship account with ABC Radio Networks and spearheaded the launch of
over 30 owned-and-operated radio stations first websites in 10 markets around the U.S., including WPLJ, KLOS, KSFO, KGO and WMAL.
Mr. Lee graduated with a B.A. degree in Cultural Anthropology from Northeastern University and holds FINRA Series 63 and SIE qualifications. 

12 

Lim
How Teck joined our Board on December 29, 2021. Mr. Lim is currently the Board Chairman of Heliconia Capital Management, a Temasek
Holdings wholly-owned private equity investment firm that invests in growth-oriented companies in Asia. Mr. Lim has extensive Board,
financial management, M A, and operating experience in his 45-year career. Mr. Lim was a Senior Advisor to Bain Capital from 2014
to 2019. From 2005, Mr. Lim served as a corporate advisor to Temasek International and has held Board Chairman or Board Director positions
in many public and private companies in Singapore, several of which are owned and/or backed by Temasek, including Heliconia Capital Management
(2011 present), Port of Singapore Authority (1994 1998), Certis Cisco Security (from 2007 2015) and Tuas Power
(from 2005 2014). He also served as the Chairman of the Audit Committee in several Singapore-listed companies. From 1975 to 2005,
Mr. Lim was with the Neptune Orient Lines (NOL) Group, which was the largest container shipping company in Southeast Asia. Mr. Lim served
in various C-Suite roles including Group Deputy CEO, Group CFO, Group COO, and Executive Director. He led NOL s acquisition of
American President Lines (APL) for US 825 million in 1997 and also the divestment of American Eagle Tankers for an enterprise value of
around US 650 million in 2003. Mr. Lim holds a Bachelor of Accountancy Degree from the University of Singapore. He is currently Chairman
of Redwood International (an investment and consultancy firm), and Chairman of publicly listed ARA LOGOS Logistics Trust. Mr. Lim serves
as a board director of publicly listed Raffles Education and CSE Global. Other private companies that Mr. Lim is a board director includes
ARA Asset Management, The Foundation for Development Cooperation, Mizuho Securities (Singapore), Heliconia Holdings, Yang Kee Logistics
(Singapore), Singapore DTT Corporation, and Nexusun International. Mr. Lim is also President of the eSports Federation Singapore. Mr.
Lim contributes his time advising many technology focused companies, including: Boogle Group, 3DOM Inc, Titannium, Omni Sharing, KPISOFT,
IMCSE (International Monetary Crypto Securities Exchange), Skyfy Technology, SCash Technologies, Pixie Pitch, Singularity, Helicap, 33
Ventures, Propease Technologies, Food United Holdings, TNP Fitness, OnetoOne Interactive, UB Technology, 8 Capital, FTAG (Fintech Alliance
Global) and Hreasily. Mr. Lim is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants of UK (FCMA), a Fellow of the Certified
Public Accountants of Australia (FCPA Aust.), a Fellow of the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Singapore (FCPA ICPAS), a
Fellow of the Singapore Institute of Directors (FSID). He is a graduate of the Harvard Graduate School of Business Corporate Financial
Management Course and Advanced Management Program in 1983 and 1989, respectively. We believe Mr. Lim is well-qualified to serve as a
member of our board of directors due to his extensive and illustrious career experience combined with his deep understanding of corporate
governance and accountancy. 

Mariana
Kou joined our Board on December 29, 2021. Ms. Kou is chairperson and CEO of CTEH Inc. (1620:HK)), an investment holding company
that provides travel products and services in Canada and the United States. Prior to this role, from 2019 to 2021, she was CEO of Research
Study Education Group, a company that provides overseas education services to students in the Greater Bay Area, and an award-winning
equity research analyst specializing in the China education industry and the global luxury goods sector. Ms. Kou started her banking
career in New York at JP Morgan, Lehman Brothers, and Smith Barney. Ms. Kou was most recently Head of China Education and HK Consumer
Research at brokerage and investment bank CLSA Limited from 2010 to 2019, where she was involved in ten education company IPOs. In 2020,
she published her first book Investing in Dragons: Education Industry and Capital Markets. She was a board advisor to publicly
listed EdTechX (NASDAQ: EDTXU) and advises several education ventures. Ms. Kou has been a keynote speaker at government and industry
conferences as well as interviewed regularly by international media. Ms. Kou was appointed Senator for China by the World Business Angels
Investment Forum, an affiliated partner of the G20 Global Partnership for Financial Inclusion (GPFI) in June 2020. She is the founder
of the Asia Education Society, a member of Forbes Women Forum, and the founding co-lead of Columbia University Venture Community s
Hong Kong Chapter. Ms. Kou sits on the board of Zonta Club of NTII and was also a founding committee member of Children s Medical
Foundation s social impact fellowship program in collaboration with Dwight Hall at Yale. Ms. Kou is a current student at the University
of Southern California s global executive Doctor of Education program. She holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and is a
graduate of Stanford University s Innovation and Entrepreneurship program. Ms. Kou received her B.BA. from the University of Notre
Dame magna cum laude and received the Raymond P. Kent Award. She is a CFA charter holder and a member of global business honour
society Beta Gamma Sigma and economics honour society Omicron Delta Epsilon. We believe Ms. Kou is well-qualified to serve as a member
of our board of directors due to her experience in the Asia education industry and capital markets. 

Charles
Abelmann joined our Board on December 29, 2021. Dr. Abelmann has over 30 years experience in education working in policy,
research and practice in the U.S. and internationally. He has been involved in every facet of the educational sector, as a teacher, lecturer,
senior education specialist, to leading three schools. After completing his Doctorate from Harvard University s Graduate School
of Education in Administration, Planning Social Policy in 1996, Dr. Abelmann spent over a decade at the World Bank leading education
investments, analytical work and capacity building efforts across many countries including Uganda, Tanzania, Zimbabwe, China, Indonesia
and Mongolia. He developed and supervised education investments in these countries. Dr. Abelmann also served as a special assistant to
the Superintendent of D.C. Schools and as a Principal in the District of Columbia Public Schools. In 2009, Dr. Abelmann was asked to
help form a new leadership team for the World Bank s Leadership and Organizational Effectiveness Unit. After leaving the World
Bank, Dr. Abelmann was Head of School at Barrie School in Maryland and then Director of the top private school in Chicago (University
of Chicago Laboratory Schools) with more than 2,100 students. He was also a lecturer at the University of Chicago. Dr. Abelmann has published
many conference papers and presented at universities in China, including at the Beijing Normal University and East Normal University
in Shanghai (both prestigious teaching colleges in China). From 2013 to 2019, he conducted annual workshops for teachers, principals
and parents on early childhood education, school governance, and parent engagement at the Demay Schools in Nanjing, China. Dr. Abelmann
graduated magna cum laude in English and Religion from Duke University in 1987 and is a member of Phi Beta Kappa. He has received
many honors, including being a Luce Scholar from the Henry Luce Foundation, the No Child Left Behind Blue Ribbon School Award from the
U.S. Department of Education, and the Distinguished Educator Award from the Mongolian Ministry of Education. We believe Dr. Abelmann
is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive experience in the U.S. and international education
sector. 

13 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of four directors. The term of office of each of directors will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for a specific term
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that the board of directors shall elect one or more Chief Executive Officers, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and
such other officers (including without limitation, a Chairman of the Board, a Vice Chairman of the Board, Presidents, Vice Presidents,
Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as the board of directors from time to time may determine. Any Chief Executive Officer or President
may also appoint such other officers (including without limitation one or more Vice Presidents and Controllers) as may be necessary or
desirable for the conduct of the business of the Company. Such other officers will have such powers and duties and shall hold their offices
for such terms as may be provided in the bylaws or as may be prescribed by the board of directors or, if such officer has been appointed
by any Chief Executive Officer or President, as may be prescribed by the appointing officer. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board has determined that all of our directors, other than Mr. Chan, are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee consists of Mr. Lim, Ms. Kou and Mr. Abelmann, and Mr. Lim chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each
of Mr. Lim, Ms. Kou and Mr. Abelmann meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1)
of the Exchange Act. 

The
Audit Committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
 to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

14 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

discussing
 and, as appropriate, reviewing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our financial statements and
 annual and quarterly reports, discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm any other matters required to be
 discussed by accounting and auditing standards, and recommending to the Board whether the audited financial statements should be
 included in our annual report; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting firm, or by any inquiry or investigation
 by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years, respecting one or more independent audits carried out
 by the independent registered public accounting firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between
 the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal control policies and procedures on a regular basis; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

A
copy of our Audit Committee Charter is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report. 

Financial
Experts on Audit Committee 

Pursuant
to Nasdaq rules, the audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are able to
read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Lim qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules, which generally is any person who has past employment experience
in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results
in the individual s financial sophistication. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Compensation Committee consists of Mr. Lim, Ms. Kou and Mr. Abelmann each of whom is an independent director under the Nasdaq listing
standards. Ms. Kou is the Chairperson of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in
our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the
 remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation and equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

retaining
 the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser, in the sole discretion of the compensation committee; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

15 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to our financial advisor of 10,000 per month, for up to 15 months, for office
space , utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or
other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely
that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review
and recommendation of any compensation arrangements entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. A copy
of our Compensation Committee Charter is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Annual Report. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
Our independent directors will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee
charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics as Exhibit
14.1 to this Annual Report. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend
to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing
requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s
fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our Sponsor, officers or directors
or any affiliate of our Sponsor, officers or directors, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate,
the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination
will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect
to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one
or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

16 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth as of March 31, 2023 the number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock beneficially owned
by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of Class
A common stock and Class B common stock (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group.
As of March 31, 2023, we had 2,991,003 shares of Class A common stock and 2,875,000 shares of Class B common stock, issued and outstanding.
The Class B common stock are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of April 14, 2023. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage
 of Outstanding Shares 

Jonathan
 Chan (1)(2) 
 3,047,650 
 47.7 

Alex
 Lee (1) 
 15,000 

Lim
 How Teck (1) 
 10,000 

Mariana
 Kou (1) 
 10,000 

Charles
 Abelmann (1) 
 10,000 

All
 officers and directors as a group 
 3,092,650 
 48.4 

(5
 individuals) 

Holders
 of 5 or more 

Aetherium
 Capital Holdings LLC (3) 
 2,887,250 
 45.2 

Feis
 Equities LLC (4) 
 511,908 
 8.0 

Hudson
 Bay Capital Management LP(5) 
 780,000 
 12.2 

First
 Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund (6) 
 651,500 
 10.2 

First
 Trust Capital Management L.P. (6) 
 663,500 
 10.4 

First
 Trust Capital Solutions L.P. (6) 
 663,500 
 10.4 

FTCS
 Sub GP LLC (6) 
 663,500 
 10.4 

Shaolin
 Capital Management LLC 
 615,100 
 9.6 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the entities and individuals is c/o Aetherium Acquisition Corp., 79B Pemberwick
 Rd., Greenwich, CT 06831. 

(2) 
 Includes
 shares owned by Aetherium Capital Holdings LLC, over which Jonathan Chan, as manager, has voting and dispositive power. Mr. Chan
 disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares, except to the extent of his respective pecuniary interest therein. 

(3) 
 Jonathan
 Chan, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as manager, has voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by Aetherium Capital
 Holdings LLC. 

(4) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on August 25, 2022, Lawrence M. Feis is the Managing Member of Feis Equities LLC, and accordingly Mr. Feis
 may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the 816,234 shares of Class A common stock held by Feis Equities LLC. The address of
 the holder is 20 North Wacker Drive, Suite 2115, Chicago, Illinois 60606. 

(5) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 8, 2023. Mr. Sanders Gerber serves as the managing member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC, which
 is the general partner of the Hudson Bay Capital Management LP, and accordingly Mr. Gerber may be deemed to be the beneficial owner
 of the shares of Class A common stock held by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP. The address of the holder is 28 Havemeyer Place,
 2nd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(6)
 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023. The Schedule 13G was filed jointly by First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund VARBX ),
 First Trust Capital Management L.P. FTCM ), First Trust Capital Solutions L.P. FTCS and FTCS Sub GP
 LLC Sub GP ). As of December 31, 2022, VARBX owned 651,500 shares of outstanding Common Stock, while FTCM, FTCS and
 Sub GP collectively owned 663,500 shares of the outstanding Common Stock. As an investment adviser, FTCM has the authority to invest
 the funds of its Client Accounts in securities as well as the authority to purchase, vote and dispose of securities, and may thus
 be deemed the beneficial owner of any shares of Common Stock held in the Client Accounts. FTCS and Sub GP may be deemed to control
 FTCM and therefore may be deemed to be beneficial owners of the shares reported in the Schedule 13G. No one individual controls FTCS
 or Sub GP. FTCS and Sub GP do not own any shares for their own accounts. The principal business address of FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP
 is 225 W. Wacker Drive, 21st Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. The principal business address of VARBX is 235 West Galena Street, Milwaukee,
 WI 53212. 

(7) 
 Based
on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023. Shaolin Capital Management LLC, a company incorporated under the laws of State of Delaware,
which serves as the investment advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd. a Cayman Islands exempted company, MAP 214 Segregated
Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC, DS Liquid DIV RVA SCM LLC and Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC
MAP SPC being managed accounts advised by the Shaolin Capital Management LLC. The filing Schedule 13G should not be construed as an admission
that the Reporting Person is, for the purposes of Section 13 of the Act, the beneficial owner of the Shares reported therein. The address
of the holder is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. 

17 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder
Shares 

On
May 11, 2021, the Sponsor purchased 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per
share. In June 2021, the Sponsor transferred 20,000 shares each to our Chief Executive Officer and David Kopp, 15,000 shares to our Chief
Financial Officer and 10,000 shares to each of our independent director nominees. In July 2021, the Sponsor also transferred 431,250
shares to ARC Group Limited. In November 2021, ARC Group Limited transferred 140,400 shares to Max Mark Capital Limited, 140,400 shares
to Jonathan Chan, and 10,000 shares to Mei Eng Goy. ARC Group Limited purchased its net 140,450 shares in consideration of services provided
by such party as our financial advisor in connection with the Initial Public Offering. Each of the transfers above were completed at
the same per share purchase price as the Sponsor paid for the founder shares, or 0.009. The number of founder shares issued was determined
based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public
Offering (excluding the placement units and underlying securities). The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined
by dividing the amount of cash contributed to us by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. As of December 31, 2022, the Sponsor
owned 2,358,750 shares of Class B common stock. Up to 375,000 of such shares held by our sponsor are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor
depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised. On January 3, 2022, as the underwriters 
over-allotment option has been exercised in full, 375,000 of such shares held by the Sponsor will not be subject to forfeiture. 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the shares of Class B common stock (except to certain permitted
transferees) until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent
to our initial business combination, (x) if the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
May 10, 2021, the Sponsor issued to us an unsecured promissory note, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount
of 300,000, to be used for payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on
the earlier of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or the date on which we determine not to proceed with the Initial Public
Offering. These amounts will be repaid shortly after completion of the Initial Public Offering out of the 660,000 of offering proceeds
that has been allocated for the payment of offering expenses. Following the IPO of the Company on January 3, 2022, a total of 122,352
under the promissory note was repaid on January 6, 2022 and therefore this note was terminated. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital
Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional
Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds
held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the
Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has borrowed 91,124 under any Working Capital Loan. 

General 

Our
Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors
or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Other
than the payment to our financial advisor of 10,000 per month, for up to 15 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and
administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our
existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order
to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. 

18 

Related
Party Policy 

Our
Code of Ethics, which we adopted on December 29, 2021, requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could
result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee).
Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000
in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for
election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred
to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director
or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has
interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if
a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we adopted on December 29, 2021, is responsible for reviewing and approving
related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the
audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A
majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all
of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter
is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our Sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in
respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our Sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our
Sponsor, officers or directors prior to, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to
effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following
payments will be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds
of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment
 of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to us by our Sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Payment
 of 310,000 to an affiliate of Sponsor, which paid certain expenses directly on behalf of the Company. 

Reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment
 of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors
 to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which (other than as described
 above) have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
 may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business
 combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. 

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see
 Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

19 

ITEM
14 . PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to MaloneBailey, LLP MaloneBailey for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services
that are normally provided by MaloneBailey in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of MaloneBailey for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 8-K for
the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC totaled approximately 72,500 for the period from April 15, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 and 42,500 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees,
as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the period
from April 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay MaloneBailey any audit-related
fees. 

Tax
Fees . We have not paid MaloneBailey any fee for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the period from April 15, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay MaloneBailey for any other services for the period from April 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

20 

part
IV 

ITEM
15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 206) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3)
Exhibits 

21 

The
following exhibits are filed with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s
website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and among the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated as of April 3, 2023 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on December 23, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 21, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on December 23, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated May 10, 2021, issued to Aetherium Capital Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 21, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated May 11, 2021, between the Registrant and Aetherium Capital Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 21, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, the Sponsor and certain other stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, and certain other stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and between the Company and ARC Group Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and between the Company and each of its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Private Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated December 29, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 4, 2022). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 21, 2021) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags
 are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Filed herewith. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AETHERIUM
 ACQUISITION CORP. 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan Chan 

Name: 
 Jonathan
 Chan 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title

Date

/s/
 Jonathan Chan 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Jonathan
 Chan 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Alex Lee 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Alex
 Lee 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Lim How Teck 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Lim
 How Teck 

/s/
 Mariana Kou 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Mariana
 Kou 

/s/
 Charles Abelmann 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Charles
 Abelmann 

23 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 
 
 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No: 
 F-2 
 
 Audited
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Audited Financial Statements 
 F-7
 - F-16 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Aetherium
Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Aetherium Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity , and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
period from April 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from April 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination within
a prescribed period of time and if not completed will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

www.malonebailey.com 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April
 17, 2023 

F- 2 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Cash and marketable securities held in trust account 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Working capital loan related party 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory note related party 
 - 

Deferred underwriter fee payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; shares at redemption value per share) and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 
 - 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common shares, par value; shares authorized; (excluding Class A shares subject to redemption) and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Class B common shares, par value ; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common shares, value 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 3 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 For the 
 Period from 
 April 15, 2021 
 (inception) through 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from operations 

Other income and expense: 

Investment income earned on investments held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Other income (loss) 
 
 - 

Loss before provision for income taxes: 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Net Loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class A common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 4 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 15, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance - January 1, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Sale of IPO Units 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Offering and Underwriting costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Accretion APIC to deficit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Re-measurement of Class A common stock subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance April 15, 2021 (inception) 

Balance 

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 5 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the 
 Year
 Ended 
 December
 31, 2022 
 For
 the 
 Period
 from 
 April
 15, 2021 
 (inception)
 through 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Investment income earned on investments held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Expenses paid by related party 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Deferred offering cost 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount paid 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of private placement units 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from Working Capital Loan 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of promissory note - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at the beginning of the period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash at the end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 
 - 

Deferred offering costs included in promissory note 
 - 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 
 - 
 
 Value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Re-measurement of Class A common stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F- 6 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 
(the Initial Public Offering, or IPO ), and incurring offering costs of , of which was
for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 6). The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional
 Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. On January 3, 2022, the over-allotment option
was exercised in full. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of units (the
 Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 
(the Private Placement (see Note 4). 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 3, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units was placed in a trust
account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and held as cash items or may be invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in
any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution
of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. 

The
Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a
Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means
of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least
 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding
shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

If
the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption
rights with respect to 15 or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent.. 

The
public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion
of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These shares of Class A common stock will be recorded at a redemption
value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the
Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information
as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

The
Sponsor has agreed (a) to vote its shares of Class B common stock, the shares of Class A common stock included in the Placement Units
(the Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business
Combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with respect to
the Company s pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of a Business Combination unless the Company provides
dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment; (c) not to
redeem any shares (including the Class B common stock) and Placement Units (including underlying securities) into the right to receive
cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or to sell any shares in a tender
offer in connection with a Business Combination if the Company does not seek stockholder approval in connection therewith) or a vote
to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation relating to stockholders rights of pre-Business
Combination activities and (d) that the Class B common stock and Placement Units (including underlying securities) shall not participate
in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the Sponsor will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. 

The
Company had 15 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (See Note 3) to consummate a Business Combination (the
 Combination Period ). On March 23, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of its stockholders (the Special
Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the proposal to amend the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination up to
twelve (12) times, each such extension for an additional one (1) month period from April 3, 2023 to April 3, 2024, by depositing
into the trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders the lesser of In connection with such proposal, stockholders elected to redeem 
shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 
per share Class A Common Stock ), which represents approximately 
of the shares that were part of the units that were sold in the Company s IPO. Following such redemptions, 
will remain in the trust account and 
shares of Class A Common Stock will remain issued and outstanding. On April 3, 2022, the Company s Sponsor has deposited into
the Company s trust account 
(representing 
per public share) to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from April 3,
2023 to May 3, 2023. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay the Company s taxes (less up to 
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii)
above to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is the Company s intention to redeem the Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 15th month
and, therefore, the Company does not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, the Company s stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of the Company s stockholders
may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor (other than the independent registered
public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company
has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below per share (whether or not
the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of
any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the company s
independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute
agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity
and Management s Plans 

Prior
to the completion of the IPO, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which
is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. The Company has since completed its IPO at which time
capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering expenses was released to the Company for general
working capital purposes. The Company have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and
acquisition plans. Management plans to address this uncertainty during period leading up to the business combination. However, there
is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful within the Combination
Period. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that if the Company is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing
of the IPO, the requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises
substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working
capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated
in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial statement has been prepared in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of
the Company as a going concern. 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise
tax. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business
Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions
and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii)
the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued
not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content
of regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the
Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing
could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete
a Business Combination. 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates. 

of
cash in its operating bank account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash equivalents. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to valuation allowance on the deferred
tax assets. The Company s effective tax rate was for the period from April 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosure and transition. 

The
Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were 
unrecognized tax benefits and 
amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review
that could result in significant payments, accruals, or material deviation from its position. 

The
Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. 

The
Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning
the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws.
The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next
twelve months. 

The
provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 0 . 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

- 
 
 Denominator: weighted average number of Class A common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per redeemable Class A common stock 
 
 - 

Class B common stock 

Numerator: net income (loss) allocable to Class B common stock 

Numerator: net income (loss) allocable to common stock 

Denominator: weighted average number of Class B common stock 

Denominator: weighted average number of common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

. As of December 31, 2021, there was no Class A Common Stock
issued and subject to possible redemption. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A Common Stock
sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering issued and subject to possible redemption. 

. On December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, the
Company had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

per month for these services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
has recognized operating cost for the service provided by ARC Group Ltd. under this agreement. 

Units (including the issuance of Units as
a result of the underwriter s full exercise of its over-allotment option), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Each Public Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share (see Note 6). 

As
of January 3, 2022, the Company incurred offering costs of approximately , of which was for deferred underwriting
commissions. 

Placement Units at a price of per
Placement Unit in the aggregate). 

The
proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. The Placement Units
are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except for the placement warrants Placement Warrants ).
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Placement Warrants will
expire worthless. 

founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per
share. In June 2021, the Sponsor transferred shares each to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and David Kopp, 
shares to the Company s Chief Financial Officer and shares to each of the Company s independent director nominees.
In July 2021, the Sponsor also transferred shares to ARC Group Limited. In November 2021, ARC Group Limited transferred 
shares to Max Mark Capital Limited, shares to Jonathan Chan, and shares to Mei Eng Goy. ARC Group Limited purchased its
net shares in consideration of services provided by such party as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the Initial
Public Offering. Each of the transfers above were completed at the same per share purchase price as the Sponsor paid for the founder
shares, or . The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent
 of the outstanding shares upon completion of the IPO (excluding the placement units and underlying securities). The per share purchase
price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder
shares issued. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, the Sponsor owned shares of Class B common stock.
As the underwriters over-allotment option has been exercised in full, of such shares held by the Sponsor will not be subject
to forfeiture. 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
5 Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the shares of Class B common stock (except to certain permitted
transferees) until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of the Company s initial business combination and
(B) subsequent to the Company s initial business combination, (x) if the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals
or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any
 , or (y) the date on
which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in
all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other
property. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
May 10, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of , to be used for payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. The note is non-interest bearing
and payable on the earlier of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or the date on which the Company determines not to proceed
with the Initial Public Offering. These amounts will be repaid shortly after completion of the Initial Public Offering out of the 
of offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of offering expenses. Following the IPO of the Company on January 3, 2022,
a total of under the promissory note was repaid on January 6, 2022 and therefore the note was terminated. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company up to funds as may be required Working Capital
Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of notes may be converted upon consummation
of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does
not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has borrowed 91,124
outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

Expenses
paid by Related Party 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has paid to an affiliate of Sponsor, which paid certain expenses directly
on behalf of the Company. 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
6 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
underwriters purchased the of additional Units to cover over-allotments, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of: (i) two percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering,
or as the underwriters over-allotment is exercised in full. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred
fee of three and one half percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or upon closing of the Business
Combination. The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On
December 29, 2021, the underwriter gave the Company a rebatement of . So the cash underwriting fee for the Initial Public Offering
was . 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of 
per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. On December 31, 2021, there
was Class A common stock issued and outstanding. On December 31, 2022, there were there were 
shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, excluding 
shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption. 

Class
B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. On May 11, 2021, the Sponsor
purchased founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share. On January 3, 2022,
as the underwriters over-allotment option has been exercised in full, of such shares held by the Sponsor will not be subject
to forfeiture. At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 , there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding.
Shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company s initial
business combination on a one-for-one basis. 

Preferred
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 
preferred shares with a par value of 
per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of
Directors. At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, there were 
preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

AETHERIUM
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 
 
 Net Operating Loss - Federal 
 - 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

In
assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making
this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with
respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

NOL Carry-forward - US 
 - 

Permanent differences 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax provision 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination
by the various taxing authorities. 

per non-redeeming publicly held share of common stock and (B) (the Extension
Payment for each one-month extension. 

In
connection with such proposal, stockholders elected to redeem shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value
 per share Class A Common Stock ), which represents approximately of the shares that were part of the units
that were sold in the Company s IPO. Following such redemptions, will remain in the trust account and shares
of Class A Common Stock will remain issued and outstanding. 

On
April 3, 2023, the Company s Sponsor has deposited into the Company s trust account (representing per
public share) to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from April 3, 2023 to
May 3, 2023. 

F- 16 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 ex3-3.htm

Exhibit 3.3 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Aetherium Acquisition Corp. (the Company, we, 
 us, or our had three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): the Company s units, Class A common stock, and warrants. 

The following description of
the Company s capital stock and provisions of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and
the Delaware General Corporation Law are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Company s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the text of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Copies of these documents have
been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description has been filed as an exhibit. 

General 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares of Class
B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. As of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, 3,519,503 shares of Class A common stock and 2,875,000 shares of Class B common stock are issued and
outstanding and no preferred shares are issued or outstanding. The following description summarizes all of the material terms of our securities.
Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description you should refer
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Units 

Each unit has an offering price
of 10.00 and consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one
share of Class A common stock. 

The shares of Class A common stock
and warrants comprising the units became separately traded on February 22, 2022. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or
separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate
the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants. 

Common Stock 

Common stockholders of record are
entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders
of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required
by law. Unless specified in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of
the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required
to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can
elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into an
initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the number
of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business combination
to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes
of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may
not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus
we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us
to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting
an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

We will provide our stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we
will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors and all other initial stockholders have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any
public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that
hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related
redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable
law or stock exchange requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination.
Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules.
If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, or we decide to obtain
stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, unless
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial business combination only if a
majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting
will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority
of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. The underwriters will
have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares it acquires. The representative has informed
us that it has no current commitments, plans or intentions to acquire any public shares for its own account; however, if they do acquire
public shares, it will do so in the ordinary course of business or another permitted purchase. The underwriters will not make any such
purchases when in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller, during a restricted period under Regulation
M under the Exchange Act, in transactions that would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10(b)-5 under the Exchange Act, or if prohibited
by applicable state securities laws or broker-dealer regulations. To the extent our initial stockholders or purchasers of placement units
transfer any of these securities to certain permitted transferees, such permitted transferees will agree, as a condition to such transfer,
to waive these same redemption rights. Also, our sponsor purchased 528,500 placement units at the price of 10.00 per unit in a private
placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the IPO. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders
for a vote, our sponsor, the other initial stockholders, our officers and our directors have agreed to vote their respective founder shares,
placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

The participation of our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business
combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the
approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10
days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial
business combination. These quorums and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely
that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares
of common stock sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such
stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a
result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required
to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Pursuant to our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business
days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Our sponsor, officers and directors and all other initial stockholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to
which they agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and placement
shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO. However, if
our sponsor, officers or directors or the other initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all
assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock,
if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking
fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our
initial business combination, subject to the limitations. 

Founder Shares and Placement Shares 

The founder shares and placement
shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares and placement
shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares and placement shares are subject to
certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors and all other initial stockholders
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination,
(B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and placement shares and any public shares in connection with
a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (x) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 15 months from the closing of the IPO or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activities and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any
founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO, although
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within such time period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically
convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment as described herein, and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination
to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors and all other initial stockholders have agreed pursuant to
the letter agreement to vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the
IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. The placement shares
will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted
transferees. 

The shares of Class B common stock
will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination on
a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and subject
to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are
issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the final prospectus for our IPO and related to the closing of the initial
business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted
(unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any
such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class
B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock
outstanding upon completion of the IPO (excluding and the placement units and underlying securities) plus all shares of Class A common
stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business combination (excluding any shares or
equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, any private placement-equivalent
units and their underlying securities issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). We cannot determine
at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such
adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which
are part of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business
combination; or (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common
stock. If such adjustment is not waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock,
but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce
the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. The term equity-linked securities refers to any
debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing transaction
in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could
be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise
of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. 

With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor, each of whom are subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the
completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the reported last sale price
of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination, or (y) the date
on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of
our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
are authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors are
able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue
preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the
removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue
any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued
or registered in the IPO. 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the registered
holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at
any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the date of the final prospectus for our IPO and the completion of our initial business
combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class
A common stock. 

The warrants will expire five years
after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver
any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration.
No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless
Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws
of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding
sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such
warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration
statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase
price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

We have not registered the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with
the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration
statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants
expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of our initial business
combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business
combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall
have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided
by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that
exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

Once the warrants become exercisable,
we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, right issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is
not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification.
We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those
states in which the warrants were offered by us in the IPO. 

We have established the last of
the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to
the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant
holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock
may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If we call the warrants for redemption
as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless
basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management
will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders
of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage
of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class
A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y)
the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the volume weighted average trading price of the
Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent
to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary
to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market
value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen
the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the
exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. 

A holder of a warrant may notify
us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class
A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding shares
of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class
A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares
of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares
of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock
at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the
product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity
securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the
quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these
purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price
payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional
amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average trading price of Class A common
stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class
A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time
while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders
of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants
are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the
holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the
holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i)
to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain
amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we
do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activities, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our
public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective
immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets
paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding shares
of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A
common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification
or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to
such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares of
Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be
adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will
be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and
(y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value
of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than
a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets
or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants
will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and
in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented
thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification,
reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would
have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if less than 70 of the consideration
receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the successor
entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be
so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant
within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant
agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction
is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants
pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants in order to determine
and realize the option value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder for the loss of the option value
portion of the warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes
model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price for an instrument is available. 

The warrants will be issued in
registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should
review a copy of the warrant agreement, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant
agreement, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional
shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial
business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders
or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. 

The warrants may be exercised upon
surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on
the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or
on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The
warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their
warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants,
each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional shares will be issued
upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share,
we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 

We have agreed that, subject to
applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This
provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Placement warrants 

Except as described below, the
placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the IPO, including
as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under the section of our final prospectus for our IPO entitled Principal
Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Placement Units, to our officers and directors and other persons
or entities affiliated with our sponsor). In addition, holders of our placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would
be identical to the placement units. However, as the units would not be issued until consummation of our initial business combination,
any warrants underlying such units would not be able to vote on an amendment to the warrant agreement in connection with such business
combination. 

Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of any of these warrants) until
the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among other limited exceptions, to
our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends
may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our common
stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers
and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except
for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our
initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 65 of our common stock.
Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own approximately 48.4 of our common stock as of April 14, 2023
(including the placement shares to be issued to the sponsor), will participate in any vote to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activities, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations nor undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

In addition, our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are
at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters 
fees and commissions or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial
business combination. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law
and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances,
from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination 
includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued common
stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of
us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors,
officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State
of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or
forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action
is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits
to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may
have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(i) the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any
other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction and (ii) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum
for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. We note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction
for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our
Chairman. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder
proposals and director nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to
be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day
nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual
meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply
with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Subsequent to the consummation
of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special
meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common
stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors is divided
into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors.
Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and
only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a
vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Class B Common Stock Consent Right 

For so long as any shares of Class
B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of
Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our certificate of incorporation,
whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or
relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken
at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent
or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having
not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of
Class B common stock were present and voted. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries of Aetherium Acquisition
Corp. 

None. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan Chan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aetherium Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan Chan 

Jonathan Chan 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Alex Lee, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aetherium Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Alex Lee 

Alex Lee 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Aetherium
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Jonathan Chan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: April 17,
 2023 

/s/ Jonathan Chan 

Jonathan Chan 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Aetherium
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Alex Lee, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: April 17,
 2023 

/s/ Alex Lee 

Alex Lee 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 ex99-1.htm

Exhibit
99.1 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE CHARTER 
OF 
AETHERIUM ACQUISITION CORP. 

Adopted:
[ ], 2021 

The
responsibilities and powers of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Aetherium Acquisition Corp.
(the Company ), as delegated by the Board, are set forth in this charter (this Charter ). Whenever the Audit
Committee takes an action, it shall exercise its independent judgment on an informed basis that the action is in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders. 

I. 
 PURPOSE

The
purpose of the Audit Committee shall be to represent and assist the Board in the oversight and monitoring of: 

The
 Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the Company s financial statements; 

The
 integrity of the Company s financial statements; 

The
 Company s internal accounting and financial controls; and 

The
 Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the independent auditors qualifications, independence
 and performance. 

II. 
 COMMITTEE
 MEMBERSHIP 

The
Audit Committee will initially consist of three members of the Board. The members of the Audit Committee shall be appointed by and serve
at the discretion of the Board. Members of the Audit Committee must meet the following criteria: 

Each
 member must meet the independence and experience requirements and standards established from time to time by the U.S. Securities
 and Exchange Commission (the SEC and any securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed or
 quoted for trading, in each case as amended from time to time. 

Each
 member must be financially literate and able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including the Company s
 balance sheet, statement of operations and statement of cash flows, as determined by the Board. 

At
 least one member must have accounting or related financial management expertise, as the Board interprets such qualification in its
 business judgment, by virtue of such member s current or past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional
 certification in finance or accounting, or any other comparable experience or background which results in such individual s
 financial sophistication. 

Each
 member shall also meet any other requirements and standards established from time to time by the SEC and any securities exchange
 on which the Company s securities are listed or quoted for trading, in each case as amended from time to time, for audit committee
 members. 

The
Board shall designate one member of the Audit Committee as its chairperson. 

An
Audit Committee member may resign by delivering his or her written resignation to the chairman of the Board, or may be removed by majority
vote of the Board by delivery to such member of written notice of removal, to take effect at a date specified therein, or upon delivery
of such written notice to such member if no date is specified. The Board shall have the power at any time to fill vacancies in the Audit
Committee, subject to such new member(s) satisfying the above requirements. 

III. 
 MEETINGS
 AND PROCEDURES 

The
Audit Committee will set its own schedule of meetings and will meet at least quarterly, with the option of holding additional meetings
at such times as it deems necessary or appropriate. Meetings of the Audit Committee shall be called by a majority of the members of the
Audit Committee upon such notice as is provided for in the Company s charter documents with respect to meetings of the Board. A
majority of the Audit Committee members shall constitute a quorum. Actions of the Audit Committee may be taken in person at a meeting
or in writing without a meeting. Actions taken at a meeting, to be valid, shall require the approval of a majority of the members of
the Audit Committee present and voting. Actions taken in writing, to be valid, shall be signed by all members of the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee will maintain written minutes of its meetings, which minutes will be filed with the minutes of the meetings of the
Board. Periodically, the Audit Committee shall meet separately with the Company s management, with the internal auditors and/or
internal control director, and with the independent auditors. 

The
Audit Committee may form subcommittees for any purpose that the Audit Committee deems appropriate and may delegate to such subcommittees
such power and authority as the Audit Committee deems appropriate. The Audit Committee shall not delegate to a subcommittee any power
or authority required by law, regulation or listing standard to be exercised by the Audit Committee as a whole. 

The
Audit Committee shall make regular reports to the Board, which reports shall include to the extent that the Audit Committee deems appropriate,
any issues that arise with respect to the quality or integrity of the Company s financial statements, the Company s compliance
with legal or regulatory requirements, the performance and independence of the Company s independent auditors or the performance
of the internal audit function. 

IV. 
 COMMITTEE
 AUTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

The
Audit Committee shall appoint and oversee the work of the independent auditors, approve the compensation of the independent auditors
and review and, if appropriate, discharge the independent auditors. In this regard, the independent auditors shall report directly to
the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee shall have the sole authority to approve the hiring and discharging of the independent auditors,
all audit engagement fees and terms and all permissible non-audit engagements with the independent auditors. 

The
Audit Committee shall pre-approve (or, where permitted under the rules of the SEC, subsequently approve) engagements of the independent
auditors to render audit services and/or establish pre-approval policies and procedures for such engagements, provided that (i) such
policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular services rendered, (ii) the Audit Committee is informed of each such service
and (iii) such policies and procedures do not include delegation to management of the Audit Committee s responsibilities under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the rules and regulations thereunder. The Audit Committee shall also pre-approve
any non-audit services proposed to be provided to the Company by the independent auditors. The Audit Committee shall also approve the
reimbursement of expenses incurred by management in identifying potential target businesses. 

The
Audit Committee shall review and reassess the adequacy and scope of this Charter annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board
for approval. 

The
Audit Committee shall evaluate its performance annually. 

2 

To
the extent deemed necessary or appropriate, the Audit Committee shall be responsible for: 

Oversight
of the Company s Relationship with the Independent Auditors 

Review
 the independence of the independent auditors, including (i) obtaining on a periodic basis a formal written statement from the independent
 auditors delineating all relationships between the independent auditors and the Company, (ii) maintaining an active dialogue with
 the independent auditors, covering any disclosed relationship or services that may impair their objectivity and independence, (iii)
 presenting this statement to the Board and (iv) to the extent there are any such relationships, monitoring and investigating them
 and, if necessary, taking, or recommending to the Board that the Board take, appropriate action to maintain the independence of the
 independent auditors. 

Evaluate,
 at least annually, the independent auditors qualifications, performance and independence, which evaluation shall include a
 review and evaluation of the audit partner of the independent auditors, set clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance
 with applicable laws and regulations and take appropriate action to oversee the independence of the independent auditors. 

Review,
 in consultation with the independent auditors, the annual audit plan and scope of audit activities and monitor such plan s
 progress. 

Establish
 policies regarding the hiring of employees or former employees of the independent auditors. 

Financial
Statements and Disclosure Matters 

Discuss
 and, as appropriate, review with management and the independent auditors the Company s financial statements and annual and
 quarterly reports, including the Company s disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations, discuss with the independent auditors any other matters required to be discussed by accounting and auditing
 standards, and recommend to the Board whether the audited financial statements should be included in the Company s annual report. 

Discuss
 with management, the internal auditor and the independent auditors significant financial reporting issues raised and judgments made
 in connection with the preparation of the Company s financial statements, including the review of (i) major issues regarding
 accounting principles and financial statement presentation, including any significant changes in the Company s selection or
 application of accounting principles; (ii) analyses prepared by management and/or the independent auditors setting forth significant
 financial reporting issues raised and judgments made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements, including analyses
 of the effects of alternative accounting policies available under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) or international
 financial reporting standards (IFRS) on the financial statements; (iii) the effect of regulatory and accounting initiatives, as well
 as off-balance sheet arrangements, on the Company s financial statements; and (iv) the type and presentation of information
 be included in earnings press releases, as well as any financial information and earnings guidance to be provided to analysts and
 rating agencies. 

At
 least annually, obtain and review a report by the independent auditor describing: (i) the audit firm s internal quality-control
 procedures; (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm,
 or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years, respecting one or
 more independent audits carried out by the audit firm, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues described in the report and
 (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public
 accounting firm s independence. 

Receive,
 review and discuss quarterly reports from the independent auditors on (i) the Company s major critical accounting policies
 and practices; (ii) significant alternative treatments of financial information within GAAP or IFRS that have been discussed with
 management; (iii) ramifications of the use of such alternative disclosures and treatments; (iv) any treatments preferred by the independent
 auditors; and (v) other material written communications between the independent auditors and management, such as any management letter
 or schedule of unadjusted differences. 

3 

Review
 on a regular basis with the Company s independent auditors any problems or difficulties encountered by the independent auditors
 in the course of any audit work, including management s response with respect thereto, any restrictions on the scope of the
 independent auditors activities or on access to requested information, and any significant disagreements with management;
 and ensure the resolution of any disagreements between management and the independent auditors regarding financial reporting. 

Review
 disclosures regarding the Company s internal controls that are required to be included in SEC reports. 

Discuss
 with management and the independent auditors any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators
 or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding the Company s
 financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial
 Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Discuss
 with management earnings press releases and financial information and earnings guidance to be provided to analysts and rating agencies,
 including any proposed use of pro forma or adjusted non-GAAP and non-IFRS information. 

Oversight
of the Company s Internal Control Function 

Review
 the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company s internal control policies and procedures on a regular basis, including the
 responsibilities, budget and staffing of the Company s internal audit and control function, as well as the need for any special
 audit procedures in response to material control deficiencies, through inquiry and discussions with the Company s independent
 auditors and management. 

Review
 the reports prepared by management, assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company s internal controls and procedures,
 prior to the inclusion of such reports in the Company s periodic filings as required under SEC rules. 

Compliance
Oversight Responsibilities 

Discuss
 and review guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including the Company s insurance coverage
 from time to time. 

Discuss
 with the Company s chief legal officer legal matters that may have a material impact on the financial statements or the Company s
 compliance procedures. 

Establish
 procedures for receiving, retaining and treating complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or auditing matters and procedures for the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting
 or auditing matters. 

Review,
 approve and monitor the Company s code of ethics applicable to its senior executive officers. 

Review
 any conflicts of interest and related party transactions prior to the Company entering into such transactions to assess an impact
 on the Company s internal controls or financial reporting and disclosure. 

4 

Related
Party Transactions 

Review
 and approve related party transactions to the extent that the Company enters into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority
 of the members of the Audit Committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related
 party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire Audit Committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous
 written consent of all of the members of the Audit Committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. 

Review
 on a quarterly basis all payments that have been made to the Company s affiliates, the Company s sponsor, Aetherium Capital
 Holdings LLC, officers or directors or any of their affiliates, including out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection
 with activities on the Company s behalf, such as identifying and consummating an initial business combination, and will determine
 which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. 

The
Audit Committee shall have the authority to engage independent counsel and other advisers, as it determines necessary, to carry out its
duties. The Company shall provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the Audit Committee, for payment of (i) compensation to the
independent auditors engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit review or attest services
for the Company, (ii) compensation to any advisers employed by the Audit Committee and (iii) ordinary administrative expenses of the
Audit Committee that are necessary or appropriate for carrying out its duties. 

5 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 10
 ex99-2.htm

Exhibit
99.2 

COMPENSATION
COMMITTEE CHARTER 
OF 
AETHERIUM ACQUISITION CORP. 

Adopted:
[ ], 2021 

The
responsibilities and powers of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Aetherium Acquisition
Corp. (the Company ), as delegated by the Board, are set forth in this charter (this Charter ). Whenever the
Compensation Committee takes an action, it shall exercise its independent judgment on an informed basis that the action is in the best
interests of the Company and its stockholders. 

I. 
 PURPOSE

The purpose of the Compensation
Committee shall be to assist the Board in determining the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, the chairman of the Board, the
Chief Financial Officer and other executive officers of the Company (collectively, the Executives and make recommendations
to the Board with respect to the compensation of the non-Executive officers of the Company and the independent directors. 

II. 
 COMMITTEE
 MEMBERSHIP 

The
Compensation Committee shall consist of at least three members of the Board. Each member shall meet the independence and experience requirements
and standards established from time to time by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and any securities
exchange on which the Company s securities are listed or quoted for trading, in each case as amended from time to time. In addition,
each member must qualify as a Non-Employee Director under Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ), and satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code for outside directors, 
and any other regulatory requirements. 

The
Board shall elect the members of the Compensation Committee at the first Board meeting practicable and may make changes from time to
time pursuant to the provisions below. The members of the Compensation Committee shall serve until their successors are appointed and
qualify. Unless a chairman of the Compensation Committee (the Chairman is elected by the Board or by a majority of the
members of the Compensation Committee, no chairman of the Compensation Committee shall be designated. If appointed by the Board or the
members of the Compensation Committee, the Chairman shall be a member of the Compensation Committee and, if present, shall preside at
each meeting of the Compensation Committee. The Chairman shall perform such duties as may from time to time be assigned to the Chairman
by the Compensation Committee or the Board. 

A
Compensation Committee member may resign by delivering his or her written resignation to the chairman of the Board, or may be removed
by majority vote of the Board by delivery to such member of written notice of removal, to take effect at a date specified therein, or
upon delivery of such written notice to such member if no date is specified. The Board shall have the power at any time to fill vacancies
in the Compensation Committee, subject to such new member(s) satisfying the above requirements. 

III. 
 MEETINGS
 AND COMMITTEE ACTION 

The
Compensation Committee shall meet at such times as it deems necessary to fulfill its responsibilities, but not less frequently than annually.
Meetings of the Compensation Committee shall be called by a majority of the members of the Compensation Committee upon such notice as
is provided for in the Company s charter documents with respect to meetings of the Board. A majority of the Compensation Committee
members shall constitute a quorum. Actions of the Compensation Committee may be taken in person at a meeting or in writing without a
meeting. Actions taken at a meeting, to be valid, shall require the approval of a majority of the members of the Compensation Committee
present and voting. Actions taken in writing, to be valid, shall be signed by all members of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation
Committee shall report its minutes from each meeting to the Board. 

A
majority of the members of the Compensation Committee may establish, consistent with the requirements of this Charter, such rules as
may from time to time be necessary or appropriate for the conduct of the business of the Compensation Committee. At each meeting, a majority
of the members of the Compensation Committee shall appoint as secretary a person who may, but need not, be a member of the Compensation
Committee. A certificate of the secretary of the Compensation Committee or minutes of a meeting of the Compensation Committee executed
by the secretary setting forth the names of the members of the Compensation Committee present at the meeting or actions taken by the
Compensation Committee at the meeting shall be sufficient evidence at all times as to the members of the Compensation Committee who were
present, or such actions taken. 

The Compensation Committee shall
have the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The Chief
Executive Officer of the Company may not be present during voting or deliberations of the Compensation Committee with respect to his or
her compensation. 

IV. 
 COMMITTEE
 AUTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

The
Compensation Committee shall have the following authority and responsibilities: 

At least annually review and approve the Company s corporate goals
and objectives relevant to the Executives compensation; evaluate the Executives performance in light of such goals and objectives;
and, either as a Compensation Committee or, together with the other independent directors (as directed by the Board), determine and approve
the Executives compensation level based on this evaluation (and the Chief Executive Officer may not be present during voting or
deliberations on his or her compensation). In determining the long-term incentive component of the Executives compensation, the
Compensation Committee will consider the Company s performance, the value of similar incentive awards to the Executives at comparable
companies, the awards given to the Executives in past years and any relevant legal requirements and associated guidance of the applicable
law. 

At
 least annually review and approve the compensation of all of the Company s other officers. 

At
 least annually review the Company s executive compensation policies and plans to ensure that the Company s compensation
 program is effective in attracting and retaining key employees, reinforce business strategies and objectives for enhanced shareholder
 value, and administer the compensation program in a fair and equitable manner consistent with established policies and guidelines.

Administer
 the Company s incentive-compensation plans and equity-based plans, insofar as provided therein. 

Make
 recommendations to the Board regarding approval, disapproval, modification, or termination of existing or proposed employee benefit
 plans. 

Approve
 any special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for the Executives and the
 Company s employees. 

Approve
 any share option award or any other type of award as may be required for complying with any tax, securities, or other regulatory
 requirement, or otherwise determined to be appropriate or desirable by the Compensation Committee or Board. 

Approve
 the policy for authorizing claims for expenses from the Executives. 

Retain
 or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser, in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee.
 The Compensation Committee shall be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any compensation
 consultant, legal counsel and other adviser retained by the Compensation Committee. The Company shall provide for appropriate funding,
 as determined by the compensation committee, for payment of reasonable compensation to a compensation consultant, legal counsel or
 any other adviser retained by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee shall have sole authority to approve related
 fees and retention terms. 

Review
 and approve the compensation disclosure and analysis prepared by the Company s management, as required to be included in the
 Company s proxy statement or annual report, or equivalent, filed with the SEC. 

If
 required, produce a report on executive compensation to be included in the Company s annual proxy statement. 

Review,
 evalutate and make recommendations to the Board with respect to director remuneration to assist the Board in making the final determination
 as to director remuneration. 

Review
 and assess the adequacy of this charter annually. 

2 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 gmfi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 gmfi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 gmfi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 gmfi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

