<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230609_10-K_edgar_data_1357878_0001472375-23-000090.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2556404</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91639</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>583724</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>529429</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>537863</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>752412</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001472375-23-000090.hdr.sgml : 20230609
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230609124624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472375-23-000090
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230609
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230609

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REGENEREX PHARMA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001357878
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				980479983
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53230
		FILM NUMBER:		231004569

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5348 VEGAS DRIVE, SUITE 177
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-927-5191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5348 VEGAS DRIVE, SUITE 177
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEPTIDE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eternelle Skincare Products Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEPTIDE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001472375-23-000090.txt : 20230609

10-K
 1
 ixform10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended
 , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from N/A to N/A 

Commission File Number : 

(Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter) 

State of Incorporation 
 IRS Employer
 Identification No. 

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered under
Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

 None 

Securities registered under
Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act. [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Act. [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate
website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 [ ] 

[ ] 
 Small
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes No [X] 

There is aggregate market
value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the close
of business on March 31, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed fiscal year, as the registrant s shares of common stock are
not quoted on a national exchange. 

Number of shares outstanding
of the registrant s common stock as of June 9, 2023: shares. 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC 

 (FORMERLY PEPTIDE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) 

 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH
31, 2023 AND 2022 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 2 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 5 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 8 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 8 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 8 

ITEM 4. 
 MINING SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 8 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 9 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 9 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 9 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 11 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 12 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 27 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 27 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 28 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 28 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 29 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 30 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 30 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 30 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 33 

CERTIFICATIONS 

Exhibit
 31 Management certifications 

Exhibit
 32 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

Some of our statements under
 Business, Properties, Legal Proceedings, Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the Notes to
Financial Statements and elsewhere in this report constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
(the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the Exchange Act ). In some cases, forward-looking statements are identified by
terminology such as may, will, should, could, would, expects, 
 plans, intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, approximates, 
 predicts, potential or continue or the negative of such terms and other
comparable terminology. 

Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it
cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements. Moreover, neither we nor anyone else assumes responsibility for the
accuracy and completeness of such statements and is under no duty to update any
of the forward-looking statements after
the date of this report. 

Our
business and our forward-looking statements involve substantial known and
unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties inherent
in our statements regarding: 

our ability to add new customers. 

 the impacts of COVID-19, or other future pandemics on our
business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

 the potential benefits of and our ability to maintain our relationships
and establish or maintain future collaborations or strategic relationships or
obtain additional funding. 

 our marketing capabilities and strategy. 

 our ability to maintain a cost-effective program. 

 our ability to retain the continued service of our key
professionals and to identify, hire and retain additional qualified professionals. 

 our competitive position, and developments and projections
relating to our competitors and our industry. 

 our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital
requirements and needs for additional financing; and 

 the impact of laws and regulations. 

All
of our forward-looking statements are as of the date of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. In each case, actual results may differ materially from such
forward-looking information. We can give no assurance that such expectations or
forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. An occurrence of, or any
material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and
uncertainties referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or included in our
other public disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents or
filings filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations. Except as required by law, we do
not undertake or plan to update or revise any such forward-looking statements
to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or
projections or other circumstances affecting such forward-looking statements
occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, even if such
results, changes or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking
information will not be realized. Any public statements or disclosures by us
following this Annual Report on Form 10-K that modify or impact any of the
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be
deemed to modify or supersede such statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

1 

PART I 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Business of Issuer 

The business of Regenerex Pharma, Inc., (the Company or Regenerex
Pharma, ), is to develop and market Woundcare Healing products. The Company has three technologies for different types of wound
conditions: 

The first is for closing chronic wounds, 

the second is for accelerating closure of acute or surgical wounds, and 

the third solves the issue on contamination of all types of wounds including the destruction of biofilms . 

The
current product technology provides the Company with a number of
complete wound care protocols to treat
all wounds, such as diabetic ulcers, pressure ulcers, burns and surgical
wounds. These unique products strategically position
the Company to enter and capture a high proportionate market share in the U.S.
and global markets. 

Products: 

1. 
 Xcellderma OTC - Liquid Bandage Skin Protectant Xcellderma products are sterile wound dressings and are effective for treating diabetic foot ulcers, pressure ulcers, and other chronic wounds. During the last several years, a scientific and medical consensus has emerged that elevated protease levels impede wound healing. QBx the active ingredient down regulates the production of certain proteases and matrix metalloproteases, or MMPs, which are protein enzymes that are proven to impede the healing of a majority of chronic wounds. Approximately 80 of chronic wounds display elevated levels of proteases (including MMPs). 

2. 
 Accelerex Sterile Wound Cream - The first commercially available medical device, Accelerex, is for the treatment of a wide variety of chronic and acute wounds. Accelerex is a custom-designed, FDA and CE approved unit-dose, sterile wound dressing impregnated with an ointment containing QBx. Chronic wounds are generally defined as wounds that have not healed after thirty days of consistent clinical treatment, and include diabetic ulcers, burns, pressure ulcers (bedsores), and venous stasis ulcers. The Company s broadly enabling technology was discovered from oak bark extract and referred to as QBx . 

3. 
 Accelerex Impregnated Sterile Wound Dressing - For use as a wound dressing to manage pressure ulcers (stages I-IV), stasis ulcers, diabetic skin ulcers, skin irritations, cuts, and abrasions. FDA-cleared, prescription-only combination device that blends the benefits of a wound dressing with two drug components. Provides three modes of action to help treat acute and chronic wounds: Protective dressing, moisturizing ointment and two drug components: rubidium chloride and potassium chloride. 

QBx contributes to setting up a suitable environment to allow
wounds to close. Other than the products marketed by the Company,
there are no products currently available on the market that are successful in
healing chronic, non-healing wounds through the down regulation of
proteases. Other
modern wound dressings such as hydrocolloids and collagens absorb wound fluids,
but these dressings do not impact the cellular environment with simple gauze
and gauze-like dressings to cover and protect the wound. 

Our products have been shown to be very effective in healing
chronic wounds in multiple clinical evaluations, with 63 to 94 of wounds
demonstrating closure. All of our products feature our proprietary QBx 
ingredients which contribute to setting up a suitable environment to allow
wounds to close. 

Wounds that do not heal remain open and are at risk for
infection. The lack of healing ultimately
could lead to amputation, severe medical complications, and in some cases,
death. Closing wounds is a paramount concern to health care professionals
and patients alike. 

2 

Chronic wounds impose significant costs to the US economy. Chronic wounds are a growing issue in the
United States, causing immense patient pain and suffering as well as
substantial economic and social cost. Although
precise information on the prevalence of chronic wounds in the US is
unavailable, it is estimated that, as of 2021, there were more than 8.3 million
Americans suffering from chronic wounds. Chronic wounds are generally defined as wounds
that have not healed after ninety days of consistent clinical treatment, and
include diabetic foot ulcers, pressure ulcers (bedsores), and venous stasis
ulcers, however this does not include acute wounds. 

The most common chronic wounds are diabetic foot ulcers and
pressure ulcers. The increasing number
of Americans with diabetes and obesity we well as the aging population will
likely cause the number of individuals with chronic wounds to continue to
rise. In addition to the immeasurable
human benefits of improving treatment outcomes, there would be substantial
economic effect. The costs of medical treatment could be expected to decrease,
and, as patients are able to return to work sooner, productivity would
increase. 

Due to the staggering
costs associated with chronic wounds in the US, the Affordable Healthcare Act
(AHA) is changing how the entire wound care system is reimbursed in the US. Now
all four markets segments: hospital, nursing homes, home health, and general
wound care clinics are all on paid on a pay for performance basis. These cost pressures in the healthcare system
are a major issue in the wound care market, with the US government and payors
seeking new approaches that address cost constraints and product
performance. Home health is now paid on
a diagnostic code for the wound in single payments removing the risk from the
Payee to the Payer. The Company s first
markets will be those segments that are totally at risk for single payments
to close the wounds. Today, the fastest
growing segment in the US wound market is Home Health and Nursing Homes due to
the aging population. 

The Company has purchased proprietary
wound care formulations, and the Company plans to use internationally
recognized experts in the manufacturing of specialized, professional quality products that meet the
demands of the USA markets. We expect to
launch our sales initiative during the third quarter of the 2023 calendar year. 

Business Segments 

The Company consists of only
one reportable business segment. 

Employees 

The Company does not
currently have any employees other than the Directors and Officers who are
responsible for strategic planning, sales and development, as well as some operational
duties. 

Facilities and Properties 

The Company
does not own its own facilities and is presently renting an identity office at
5348 Vegas Drive #177, Las Vegas, Nevada 89108. 

As the production of our
products will be outsourced to a manufacturer, the Company has no need for a
physical manufacturing facility. 

Manufacturing and Materials 

Our products have been shown to be very
effective in healing chronic wounds in multiple clinical evaluations, with 63 
to 94 of wounds demonstrating closure. All of our products feature our proprietary QBx 
ingredients which contribute to setting up a suitable environment to allow
wounds to close. 

The Company plans
to use internationally recognized experts in the manufacturing of specialized,
professional quality
products that meet the demands of the USA markets. The packaging and labeling of our products
for shipping and distribution will be outsourced. As such, the Company has no
need for a warehouse or distribution facility. 

3 

Marketing and Distribution 

The Company will contact the
Home Care Services facilities directly and will determine the requirements of
each facility. An agreement will be
established outlining all protocols. The
product will be shipped directly from the manufacturer to the Home Care Service
facilities that are funded by the U.S. Government. 

Competition 

QBx contributes to setting up a suitable
environment to allow wounds to close. Other than the products marketed
by the Company, there are no products currently available on the market that are
successful in healing chronic, non-healing wounds through the down regulation of
proteases. Other
modern wound dressings such as hydrocolloids and collagens absorb wound fluids,
but these dressings do not impact the cellular environment with simple gauze
and gauze-like dressings to cover and protect the wound. 

Trademarks, Patents and Copyright 

We have been granted trademark rights and patent
rights for the company Wound Care Platform. 
These trademarks and Patent have been approved by the United States Patent
and Trademark Office. 

The Company secured the domain name regenerexpharmainc.com when building the website. The Company has now also secured the
following domain names: 

regenerexpharmainc.ca : regenerexpharmainc.org: regenerexpharmainc.uk: regenerexpharmainc.eu: regenerexpharmainc.mx: regenerexpharmainc.us 

regenerexpharma.uk : regenerexpharma.eu: regenerexpharma.ca: regenerexpharma.us: regenerexpharma.mx 

 regenerexpharma.org: regenerexpharma.net 

Government Regulation 

Our products are subject to
regulation by the Food and Drug Administration and the Federal Trade Commission
in the United States, as well as by various other federal, state, local and
international regulatory authorities and the regulatory authorities in the countries
in which our
products are sold. Such regulations principally relate to the ingredients,
manufacturing, labeling, packaging, marketing, advertising, shipment, disposal
and safety of our products. 

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE
INFORMATION 

You are advised to read this
Form 10-K in conjunction with other reports and documents that we file from
time to time with the SEC. In particular, please read our Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we file from time to time. You may
obtain copies of these reports directly from us or from the SEC at the SEC s
Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549, and you
may obtain information about obtaining access to the Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains information for
electronic filers at its website http://www.sec.gov. 

4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

The Company will face competition from existing consumer product
companies. 

We are an emerging growth
company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common stock
less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth
company for up to five years, following an IPO, or sale of the Company s
securities under a registration statement. 
However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period
or revenues exceeds 1.07 billion, or the market value of our shares of common
stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last day of
the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an
emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth
company, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a
nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an
emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or
revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and
private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such,
our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our
shares of common stock less attractive because we may rely on these provisions.
If some investors find our shares of common stock less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price
may be more volatile. 

The Company has a lack of revenue history and has had a limited history
of operations. 

The Company was formed on
November 18, 2005, for the purpose of engaging in any lawful business and had adopted
a plan to engage in the sale of artwork over the internet. The Company had minimal revenues. On July 29, 2010, the Company changed its
name from Online Originals, Inc. to CREENERGY Corporation. The name change was intended to convey a
sense of the Company's new business focus as it looked to pursue other
opportunities. Specifically, the Company
intended to obtain leases for the exploration and production of oil and gas in
northern Alberta, Canada. The Company
was unable to identify any prospects or enter into any leases or agreements. 

On August 23, 2011, the
Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to acquire intangible assets
and intellectual property known as the Peptide Technology Platform. The Peptide Technology Platform included the
technology platforms for developing a variety of drug candidates and biological
solutions for existing problems in humans, animals, and the environment. Effective October 12, 2011, the Company changed
its name to Peptide Technologies, Inc. 

Effective January 10, 2017,
the Company changed its name to Eternelle Skincare Products Inc. to better convey
the Company s new business focus of developing and marketing skincare products. 

Effective February 28,
2018, the Company changed its name back to Peptide Technologies, Inc. to better
convey the broader potential of the Company. 

On November 15, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement in which the Company purchased certain intellectual property in
exchange for 150,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock and up to
 10,000,000 in contingent consideration to be paid at the rate of 15 of all gross
revenues received from sales or investment money into the Company, payable on
the 15 th of the following month, for a period of 60 months. The Company received all rights and title to
proprietary wound healing technologies platforms and formulas involving the application
of wound care protocols to
treat all wounds, such as diabetic ulcers, pressure ulcers, burns and surgical
wounds. These unique products strategically position
the Company to enter and capture a high proportionate market share in the U.S. 

Management has decided to focus on this new business development. Effective November 29, 2021, the Company changed its
name to Regenerex Pharma, Inc., to better convey the Company s new business
focus. 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company
is not profitable. The Company must be
regarded as a start-up venture with all the unforeseen costs, expenses,
problems, risks, and difficulties to which such ventures are subject. 

5 

The Company can give no assurance of success or profitability to the Company s
investors. 

There is no assurance that
the Company will ever operate profitably. 
There is no assurance that the Company will generate substantial
revenues or profits, or that the market price of the Company s common stock
will increase thereby. 

The Company will need additional financing for which
it has no commitments, and this may jeopardize the execution of the Company s
business plan. 

The Company has limited
funds and such funds may not be adequate to carry out its business plan. The Company s ultimate success depends upon
its ability to raise additional capital. 
The Company has not investigated the availability, source, or terms that
might govern the acquisition of additional capital and will not do so until it
determines a need for additional financing. 
If the Company needs additional capital, it has no assurance that funds
will be available from any source or, if available, that they can be obtained
on terms acceptable to the Company. If
not available, the Company s operations will be limited to those that can be financed
with its modest capital. 

The Company will incur expenses in connection with
its Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filing requirements and may not be
able to meet such costs, which could jeopardize its filing status with the SEC. 

As a public
reporting company, the Company is required to meet the filing requirements of
the SEC. The Company may see an increase
in its legal, accounting, auditing and fees and expenses as a result of such
requirements. Our costs will increase
significantly as the Company expands operations. Our filings are subject to comment from the
SEC on its filings and/or it is required to file supplemental filings for
transactions and activities. If the
Company is not compliant in meeting the filing requirements of the SEC, it could
lose its status as a 1934 Act Company, which could compromise its ability to
raise funds. 

The Company is not diversified, and it is dependent on only one
business. 

Because of the Company s
limited financial resources, it is unlikely that it will be able to diversify
its operations. The Company s probable
inability to diversify its activities into more than one area will subject it
to economic fluctuations within the industry and therefore increase the risks
associated with the Company s operations due to lack of diversification. 

The Company may in the future issue more shares, which could cause a
loss of control by its present management and current stockholders. 

The Company may issue
additional shares as consideration for cash, assets, or services out of its
authorized, but unissued, common stock that would, upon issuance, represent a
majority of the voting power and equity of the Company. The result of such an issuance would be that
those new stockholders would control the Company, and unknown persons could
replace the Company s management. Such
an occurrence would result in a greatly reduced percentage of ownership of the
Company by its current shareholders, which could present significant risks to
investors. 

The Company will depend upon its management, but it will have limited
participation of management. 

The Company currently has four
individuals who are serving as its officers and directors. The Company will be heavily dependent upon
their skills, talents, and abilities, as well as several consultants, to
implement the Company s business plan. 
The Company may, from time to time, find that the inability of its officers,
directors, and consultants to devote their full-time attention to the Company s
business results in a delay in progress toward implementing its business plan. 

The Company does not know of
any reason, other than outside business interests, that would prevent them from
devoting their attention full-time to the Company when the business may demand
such full-time participation. 

6 

The departure of key personnel could compromise the
Company s ability to execute its strategic plan and may result in additional
severance costs. 

The Company s
success largely depends on the skills, experience, and efforts of its key personnel.
 The loss of these persons, or the
Company s failure to retain other key personnel, would jeopardize its ability
to execute its strategic plan and materially harm its business. 

The Company will need to recruit and retain additional qualified personnel
to successfully grow its business. 

The Company s future success
will depend in part on its ability to attract and retain qualified operations,
marketing, sales, and engineering personnel. 
Inability to attract and retain such personnel could adversely affect business
growth. The Company expects to face competition
in the recruitment of qualified personnel and cannot provide any assurance that
it will attract or retain such personnel. 

The regulation of penny stocks by the SEC and FINRA
may discourage the tradability of the Company s securities. 

The Company is
a penny stock company. None of its
securities currently trade in any market and, if ever available for trading,
will be subject to a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes
special sales practice requirements upon broker-dealers who sell such
securities to persons other than established customers or accredited investors. For purposes of the rule, the phrase
 accredited investors means, in general terms, institutions with assets in excess
of 5,000,000, or individuals having a net worth in excess of 1,000,000
(excluding a primary residence) or having an annual income that exceeds
 200,000 (or that, when combined with a spouse s income, exceeds
 300,000). For transactions covered by the
rule, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the
purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction
prior to the sale. Effectively, this
discourages broker-dealers from executing trades in penny stocks. Consequently, the rule will affect the ability
of shareholders to sell their securities in any market that might develop
because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. 

In addition, the Securities and
Exchange Commission has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stocks." Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1,
15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
Because the Company s securities constitute penny stocks within the
meaning of the rules, the rules would apply to the Company and its
securities. The rules will further
affect the ability of owners of shares to sell the Company s securities in any
market that might develop for them because it imposes additional regulatory
burdens on penny stock transactions. 

Shareholders should be aware
that, according to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the market for penny
stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the
market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related
to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged
matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler
room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price
projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed
bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale
dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices
have been manipulated to a desired consequent investor losses. The Company s management is aware of the
abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although the Company does not expect to be in
a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who
participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of
practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with
respect to the Company s securities. 

7 

The Company s officers and directors collectively own a substantial
portion of its outstanding common stock, and as long as they do, they may be
able to control the outcome of stockholder voting. 

The Company s officers and directors
are collectively the beneficial owners of approximately 72.173 of the
outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. As long as the Company s
officers and directors collectively own a significant percentage of its common
stock, other shareholders may generally be unable to affect or change the
management or the direction of the Company without the support of its officers
and directors. As a result, some investors may be unwilling to purchase the
Company s common stock. If the demand for the Company s common stock is reduced
because its officers and directors have significant influence over the Company,
the price of the Company s common stock could be materially depressed. The officers and directors will be able
to exert significant influence over the outcome of all corporate actions requiring
stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendments to the
certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate
transactions. 

The Company may seek to raise additional funds or develop strategic
relationships by issuing capital stock. 

The Company expects to
finance its operations and developing strategic relationships, by issuing
equity or convertible debt securities, which could significantly reduce or
dilute the percentage ownership of existing stockholders. Furthermore, any newly issued securities could
have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of existing
stock. Moreover, any issuances of equity
securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of the Company s
stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on investors ownership
interest, which could cause the market price of stock to decline. 

The Company may also raise
additional funds through the incurrence of debt, and the holders of any debt
the Company may issue would have rights superior to investors rights in the
event the Company is not successful and is forced to seek the protection of the
bankruptcy laws. 

The Company will pay no foreseeable dividends in the
future. 

The Company has
not paid dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate paying such dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

The Company does not own its own facilities and is
presently renting an identity office in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINING SAFETY
DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

8 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

There is no
established public trading market for Regenerex Pharma, Inc. s common stock,
par value 0.001 per share. There were no trades of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. s common
stock during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company
had 211 holders of record of its common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company has never declared
or paid dividends on its common stock. 
The Company intends to retain earnings, if any, to support the development
of its business and therefore does not anticipate paying cash dividends for the
foreseeable future. Payment of future
dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors after considering
various factors, including current financial condition, operating results, and
current and anticipated cash needs. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Company did not
repurchase any shares of its common stock during the years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The Company has not
authorized any securities for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

This Item is
not required for smaller reporting companies, and the Company has elected to omit
this information. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Plan of Operation 

Discontinued Operations and New Developments 

The business of Regenerex Pharma, Inc.
(the Company ), had been to develop and market skincare products. The Company
was doing business as Eternelle Skincare Products. The Company was using proprietary peptide / collagen blends
and was developing a number of skincare products that demonstrated strong
efficacy in providing youthful, healthy skin and significant anti-aging
benefits to both women and men. These objectives were not realized, and the Company has abandoned its efforts in
this area. The financial results for periods prior to the abandonment of this area
have been reflected in the accompanying statement of operations as discontinued
operations as this change represented a strategic shift in our business that
had a major effect on our operations and financial results. There were no
assets or liabilities related to this area as of March 31, 2023 or 2022. 

On November 15, 2021, the Company entered into an
Asset Purchase Agreement in which the Company purchased certain intellectual
property in exchange for 150,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock and up
to 10,000,000 in contingent consideration to be paid at the rate of 15 of all
gross revenues received from sales or investment money into the Company,
payable on the 15 th of the following month, for a period of 60 months. The Company received all rights and title to
proprietary wound healing technologies platforms and formulas involving the
application of wound care protocols to
treat all wounds, such as diabetic ulcers, pressure ulcers, burns and surgical
wounds. These unique products strategically position
the Company to enter and capture a high proportionate market share in the U.S. 

9 

Chronic wounds impose significant costs to the US economy. Chronic wounds are a growing issue in the
United States, causing immense patient pain and suffering as well as
substantial economic and social cost. Although
precise information on the prevalence of chronic wounds in the US is
unavailable, it is estimated that, as of 2021, there were more than 8.3 million
Americans suffering from chronic wounds. Chronic wounds are generally defined as wounds
that have not healed after ninety days of consistent clinical treatment, and include
diabetic foot ulcers, pressure ulcers (bedsores), and venous stasis ulcers,
however this does not include acute wounds. 

The most common chronic wounds are diabetic foot ulcers and pressure
ulcers. The increasing number of
Americans with diabetes and obesity we well as the aging population will likely
cause the number of individuals with chronic wounds to continue to rise. In addition to the immeasurable human
benefits of improving treatment outcomes, there would be substantial economic effect. The costs of medical treatment could be expected
to decrease, and, as patients are able to return to work sooner, productivity
would increase. 

Due to the staggering
costs associated with chronic wounds in the US, the Affordable Healthcare Act
(AHA) is changing how the entire wound care system is reimbursed in the US. Now
all four markets segments: hospital, nursing homes, home health, and general
wound care clinics are all on paid on a pay for performance basis. These cost pressures in the healthcare system
are a major issue in the wound care market, with the US government and payors
seeking new approaches that address cost constraints and product
performance. Home health is now paid on a diagnostic code for the
wound in single payments removing the risk from the Payee to the Payer. The Company s first markets will be those segments
that are totally at risk for single payments to close the wounds. Today, the fastest growing segment in the US
wound market is Home Health and Nursing Homes due to the aging population. 

Currently management is engaged
in developing managed care agreements with southeastern states to manage their Medicaid
wound care patients. Regenerex would provide our wound care products and
protocols which would result in a large savings for the state Medicaid
population. The Company is also in the process of negotiating with several
distributors in various Middle Eastern countries to provide the Company's
products. 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

At present, the
Company has no revenue. Net loss decreased to 137,330 for the year ended March
31, 2023 from 195,591 for the year ended March 31, 2022 due to a decrease in accounting
fees, greater loss on foreign exchange and decrease in stock-based compensation
offset by a lesser increase in legal and administration fees. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company s
primary sources of liquidity and capital resources have been notes payable of 78,357
during the year ended March 31, 2023, and 73,565 during the year ended March 31,
2022. The Company requires significant
cash to launch its business and reduce its liabilities. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We are actively seeking to raise additional
debt and/or equity capital to add new products and/or services to commence
material operations. If the Company is
unable to raise additional capital in the near future or meet financing
requirements, the Company may need to curtail or alter its plan of
operation. Our independent registered
public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in their report
regarding substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

Cash Flow 

The following table
summarizes, for the periods indicated, selected items in our Statements of Cash
Flows: 

Year Ended 

March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 

(76,164) 

(69,922) 

Investing activities 

(1,398) 

(8,600) 

Financing activities 

76,057 

74,260 

10 

Operating Activities 

Cash used in operating
activities was 76,164 and 69,922 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. The increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily
due to an increase in foreign currency adjustments offset by a lesser decrease
in net loss, in stock-based compensation, in prepaid expenses and increase in
accounts payable. 

Investing Activities 

Cash used in investing
activities was 1,398 and 8,600 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The decrease in cash used was a result of lesser
investment in improvements to our website. 

Financing Activities 

Cash provided by financing
activities was 76,057 and 74,260 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. The increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily
due to an increase in cash received from notes payable. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates 

The preparation of
the Company s financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States requires management to make
assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company s
accounting policies are disclosed in Note 3 to the accompanying financial
statements. There are no material estimates during this reporting period. 

ITEM 7A. 
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

The Company s
market risk arises primarily from exposure to fluctuations in interest rates
and exchange rates. The Company
presently only transacts business in Canadian and U.S. Dollars. Management believes that the exchange rate
risk surrounding future transactions of the Company will not materially or
adversely affect the Company s future earnings. 
Management does not believe that the Company is subject to any seasonal
trends. The Company does not use derivative
financial instruments to manage risks or for speculative or trading purposes. Due to low revenue, there is a risk the
Company inventories will not be sold prior to their expiry dates. 

11 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

 TABLE OF
CONTENTS 

PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 13 

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets at March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 14 

Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 15 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 16 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 17 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 18 

12 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the board of directors of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Regenerex Pharma, Inc.
(the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of
operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Going
Concern 

 The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company
will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial
statements, the Company has incurred continuing losses from operations and has negative
working capital, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also
described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement
of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on
a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2017. 

 June 9, 2023 

13 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Website, net of accumulated amortization of and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Computer equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Related party advances 

Accrued compensation 

Other accrued liabilities 

Current portion of notes payable to shareholder 

Total Current Liabilities 

Notes payable to shareholder, net of current portion 

Notes payable to related parties 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) 
 
 - 

- 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common stock: par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total Stockholders Deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

14 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

March 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other (Expense): 

Interest expense 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Foreign
currency gain (loss) 

() 

Total Other (Expense) 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Loss from Continuing Operations 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Loss from Discontinued Operations 

() 

Net Loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Share Continuing Operations 

Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Share Discontinued Operations 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

15 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

March 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Loss on discontinued operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash flows used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Foreign currency adjustments 
 
 ) 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net cash used in discontinued operating activities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Website development 

() 

Computer equipment 
 
 () 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Related party advances 

Proceeds from notes payable to shareholder 

Proceeds from notes payable to related parties 

Partial repayment of notes payable to related parties 
 
 () 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Decrease in cash and equivalents 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash Paid For: 

Income taxes 

Interest 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Accrued interest converted into note payable to shareholder 

Shares issued for the acquisition of intellectual property 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

16 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Stockholders Deficit 

Balance at March 31, 2021 

() 
 
 () 

Common stock issued for purchase of intellectual property 

) 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

() 
 
 () 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

() 
 
 () 

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

() 
 
 () 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

17 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 . The Company s business was
to develop and market proprietary skincare products that were to be sold
online. The majority of manufacturing, distribution, marketing, and sales
operations were outsourced. The Company s
attempt over the past four years to build a business that marketed skincare
products online has not come to fruition, so management decided to change the
business focus and look for other opportunities. 

On November 15, 2021,
the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement in which the Company
purchased certain intellectual property in exchange for shares of
the Company s common stock and up to in contingent consideration to
be paid at the rate of 15 of all gross revenues received from sales or
investment money into the Company, payable on the 15 th of the
following month, for a period of 60 months. 
The Company received all rights and title to proprietary wound healing
technologies platforms and formulas involving the application of wound
care protocols to treat all wounds, such
as diabetic ulcers, pressure ulcers, burns and surgical wounds. These unique products strategically position
the Company to enter and capture a high proportionate market share in the U.S. 

Management has decided to focus on this new business development. The
financial results for periods prior to the abandonment of the previous business
line have been reflected in the accompanying statement of operations as
discontinued operations as this change represented a strategic shift in our
business that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. There
were no assets or liabilities related to this area as of March 31, 2023 or 2022. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Our
business and our forward-looking statements involve substantial known and
unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties inherent
in our statements regarding the impacts of COVID-19, or other future pandemics
on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

The Company has
a lack of revenue history and has had a limited history of operations with the
new business focus. No revenue has historically been derived from the assets
purchased. Regenerex can give no assurance of success or
profitability to the Company s investors. 

 The Companies business is to develop and
market Woundcare Healing products. The
Company has three technologies for
different types of wound conditions: 

The first is for closing chronic wounds, 

the second is for accelerating closure of acute or surgical wounds, and 

the third solves the issue on contamination of all types of wounds including the destruction of biofilms . 

The
current product technology provides the Company with a number of
complete wound care protocols to treat
all wounds, such as diabetic ulcers, pressure ulcers, burns and surgical
wounds. These unique products strategically position
the Company to enter and capture a high proportionate market share in the U.S.
and global markets. 

Currently, there are no products available on
the market that are successful in healing chronic, non-healing wounds through
the down regulation of proteases. Management
believes that this will provide the Company with a distinct advantage over
other companies providing services in this sector. 

The wound care healing space is well suited for
Home Care service providers that are funded by the US Government. The majority of manufacturing and distribution will be
outsourced. However, strategic planning
and development will be performed internally by the Company. 

 . These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Management s plans are to actively
seek capital to enable the Company to add new products and/or services to
ultimately achieve profitability. However, management cannot provide assurance
that they can raise sufficient capital and whether the Company will ultimately
achieve profitability, become cash flow positive, or raise additional debt and/or
equity capital. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital in the
near future or meet financing requirements, management expects that the Company
will need to curtail operations, seek additional capital on less favorable
terms, and/or pursue other remedial measures. 

These financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification
of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company become unable to continue as a going concern. 

years. Amortization expense for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was
 and , respectively. 

 impairment losses during the
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the par value of
the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. 

Payroll taxes payable 

Total accrued compensation 

Other accrued liabilities consist
of the following: 

Accrued administration expenses 

Accrued interest 

Total accrued liabilities 

and to the Company during the years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to pay for operating expenses. The advances are due on demand. The related party advances began to accrue
interest at ten ) percent per annum on July 1, 2019. Repayment is due no later than June 30, 2023. Interest expense was and during
the years ended March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively, which is
included in other accrued liabilities. 

The Company s Chief Financial Officer and the Company s
Chief Executive Office advanced and to the Company during the years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to pay for operating expenses. 

The related party advances total and 
as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively. 

Related Party Notes Payable 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company s CFO
and the Company s CEO advanced the Company monies for operating expenses in the
amount of . Repayment during the year ended March 31, 2023
was . The advances are due on demand
and accrue interest at ten ) percent per annum. . 

The related party notes
payable totaled and as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively.
 Interest
expenses were and during the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31,
2022, respectively, which is included in other accrued liabilities. 

 shares of the Company s common stock The Company received all rights and title to
proprietary wound healing technologies platforms and formulas involving the
application of wound care protocols to
treat all wounds, such as diabetic ulcers, pressure ulcers, burns and surgical
wounds. These unique products strategically position
the Company to enter and capture a high proportionate market share in the U.S. 

The Technology Platforms include but are not limited to: 

A. 
 Proteomic research platforms which include proprietary blends. 

B. 
 Combination design Techniques 

C. 
 Patent Pending Proprietary Blends 

D. 
 Patent Pending Formulas 

E. 
 Trademarks and all pending Trademarks 

F. 
 510K USA FDA, information and Know-how for application 

G. 
 All Clinical trials, (Right to use) 

H. 
 CE mark (International) 

I. 
 Regenerex Library formula incorporated in the Wound Healing Technology. 

J. 
 Wound Healing Technology QBX 

K. 
 Synthetic Compositions of Cations derived from botanical material in the ash of Red- Oak Bark. 

Products: 

1. 
 Xcellderma over the counter product. 

2. 
 Accelerex, combination product as a drug device. 

3. 
 Accelerex in a tube. 

. The note was
unsecured and bore interest at ten ) percent, per annum. This note was reissued on 
in the principal amount of , which included the original principal of
 plus interest accrued as of February 19, 2023 in the amount of .
 . 

During the year ended March
31, 2020, a shareholder was totaling
 . The notes were reissued during
the year ended in the principal amount of which
included the original principal plus interest accrued. They are unsecured and bear interest at ten ) percent per annum with principal and interest . 

During the year ended March 31, 2021, a shareholder
was totaling . These notes are unsecured and bear interest
at ten ) percent per annum with principal and interest . 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, a shareholder
was issued an additional nine (9) promissory notes totaling 73,565. These notes are unsecured and bear interest
at ten (10) percent per annum with principal and interest due 24 months after
the date of issue. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, a shareholder was totaling . These notes are unsecured and bear interest
at ten ) percent per annum with principal and interest . 

Future annual minimum principal only payments for shareholders notes
are as follow: 

Aggregate interest expenses
were and during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, which is
included in other accrued liabilities at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share. During
the year ended March 31, 2022, Irene Getty, who resigned as a member of the
Board of Directors, transferred shares of common stock with an
estimated fair value of to Gregory Pilant and Deborah Pilant upon their
appointment as Directors and Officers of the Company. On August 25, 2022, Irene Getty resigned as
Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Irene Getty was a significant
shareholder owning more than 10 of the shares outstanding at the time. The Company
recognized stock-based compensation of within general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying statement of operations related to this transfer
of shares. 

Permanent differences 

- 

Temporary differences 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other 
 
 - 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 - 

- 

Total provision 

The composition of the Company s deferred tax assets
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Valuation allowance 
 
 () 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

The valuation allowance
increased by and during the years ended March 31, 2023 and March
31, 2022 respectively. 

The Company had a net
operating loss carryforward balance of approximately as of March 31,
2023. The Company s net operating losses have expiration dates ranging from
 to . Net operating loss carryforwards generated in 2018 and later have
indefinite carryforward periods. The future utilization of the net operating
losses may potentially be impacted by IRS Section 382 limitations as a result
of the significant change in ownership resulting from the November 15, 2021
Asset Purchase Agreement discussed in Note 6. 

The Company s recognized and
unrecognized deferred tax assets related to unused tax losses. A full valuation
allowance has been recorded against the potential deferred tax assets associated
with all the loss carryforwards as their utilization is not considered more
likely than not at this time. 

The Company has recently
filed its US federal income tax returns. 
The Company s Federal tax filings are subject to audit since 2016. The Company does not have an ongoing IRS
examination. 

 in contingent consideration to be paid in
connection with the November 15, 2021 Asset Purchase Agreement. To date, no amounts have been payable under
this agreement. 

 per
month. The term of the lease is sixty (60)
months with the first month s rent due May 1, 2023. 

On , the Company
issued shares of the Company s restricted common stock for cash proceeds
of . On , the Company issued shares of the Company s
restricted common stock for cash proceeds of . For each share purchased
under these agreements, the Company also issued five warrants exercisable at
 0.20 per share, for a total of 175,000 warrants. These warrants are exercisable from June 2023
through June 2025. 

On , a note to a
shareholder that was originally due on April 15, 2023, with a principal amount
of approximately 108,000 Canadian Funds) was reissued in the
principal amount of approximately (129,600 Canadian Funds), which
included the original principal amount plus interest accrued as at April 15, 2023 in the approximate amount of 21,600 Canadian Funds). . 

On , a note to a
shareholder that was originally due on May 10, 2023, with a principal amount of
approximately 1,500 Canadian Funds) was reissued in the principal
amount of approximately 1,800 Canadian Funds), which included the original
principal amount plus interest accrued as at May 10, 2023, in the approximate
amount of 300 Canadian Funds). 
 . 

On , a note to a
shareholder that was originally due on June 2, 2023, with a principal amount of
approximately 5,000 Canadian Funds) was reissued in the principal
amount of approximately 6,000 Canadian Funds), which included the
original principal amount plus interest accrued as at June 2, 2023, in the
approximate amount of 1,000 Canadian Funds). . 

On , the Company s Chief Financial Officer CFO and the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO advanced the Company
monies for operating expenses in the amount of . . 

26 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

This report includes the certifications
of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer required by Rule
13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). See
Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2. This Item 4 includes information concerning the
controls and control evaluations revered to in those certifications. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s (the SEC rules and forms and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Under the
supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
This assessment was based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). 

In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management
is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures were
designed to provide reasonable assurance that the controls and procedures would
meet their objectives. 

As required by SEC Rule
13a-15(b), our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer need to
carry out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of March 31, 2023. 

Management s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d(f)
under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets, (b) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (c) provide reasonable assurance
that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
appropriate authorization of management and the Board of Directors, and (d)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. 

27 

Internal controls for Regenerex
Pharma, Inc. were presented and accepted by the Board as of January 22, 2020
and updated February 10, 2021. The
updated internal controls were again presented and accepted by the Board as of
February 24, 2023. In connection with
the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31,
2023, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting were
effective as of March 31, 2023. 

Inherent
Limitations on Internal Controls 

It should be
noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part
upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of certain events. Limitations
inherent in any control system include the following: 

Judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and
 control and process breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or
 mistakes; 

Controls can be circumvented by individuals,
 acting alone or in collusion with others, or by management override; 

The design of any system of controls is based in
 part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
 can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
 goals under all potential future conditions; 

Over time, controls may become inadequate because
 of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with
 associated policies or procedures; and 

The design of a control system must reflect the
 fact that resources are constrained, and the benefits of controls must be considered
 relative to their costs. 

Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have
been detected. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Name 
 Age 
 Office Held 

Gregory Pilant 
 66 
 Director, Chief
 Executive Officer 

Deborah Pilant 
 70 
 Director, Secretary
 Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer 

Troy Thuet 
 61 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Dr. Lee Ori 
 47 
 Chief R D Officer 

Mr. Gregory P. Pilant, Director, Chairman
of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 

Greg Pilant is the founder, CEO, and
Chairman of several private companies. Mr. Pilant is a lifelong entrepreneur
and founder and Chairman of Greystone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to
Greystone he was CEO of Medical and Pharma Companies including Stanley Pharmaceuticals,
National Labs, and MedStat. Mr. Pilant has set-up manufacturing
facilities in United States, China, Europe and the Middle East, and has had over
30 years of experience in every aspect of Woundcare from FDA and CE compliance
reimbursement, manufacturing and distribution. Mr. Pilant was one the of first
fifteen voted into University of Memphis Business Hall of Fame . 

28 

Ms. Deborah Pilant, Director,
Secretary/Treasurer 

Deborah Pilant has her Master s Degree in
Education, and Eds Instructional Leadership. She is Founder and CEO of a
regional construction company. Ms. Pilant experience includes ten years
as Vice-President of sales and marketing with a national book manufacturer as
well as twenty years in education and supervision with the Tennessee Board of
Education 

Mr. Troy Thuet,
Chief Operating Officer 

Troy Thuet, having
completed a Fellowship program in Aging and Regenerative Medicine, brings over
15 years of business experience in a variety of managerial and executive
positions. As a Managing Partner of a private company, Mr. Thuet has consulted
with non-profit and hospital groups with needed Personal Protection Equipment,
working with international groups to provide COVID related testing
products. Mr. Thuet, an experienced executive with a proven track record
for Business Development with individuals and team building, has managed
accounts from onboarding, product design and formulation, sourced product
components, maintained regulatory compliance, and managed production through
completion. 

Dr. Lee Ori, Chief
R D Officer 

Dr. Lee Ori graduated
from Auburn University Harrison School of Pharmacy (AUHSOP) magna cum laude
with his doctorate in pharmacy. He worked for Eli Lilly and Company as a
clinical liaison to physicians. Lee presently holds pharmacist license(s) in ten
states and has held numerous executive positions based on his extensive compounding
background. These include serving as Director or Pharmaceutical Operations for
Optimal Health Labs, LLC, and Chief Medical Officer for Ready Scrip, LLC. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The Company has not awarded
or paid to the named executive officers any compensation during the years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022. Effective
February 23, 2019, the Board has agreed that salaries will not be accrued or
paid for 24 months from the date of the resolution. Further, the Board agreed on February 25, 2022
that salaries will not be accrued or paid for an additional 15 months from the
date of the resolution. 

Compensation of Directors 

The Company
does not compensate its directors for their time spent on behalf of the
Company, but they are entitled to receive reimbursement for all out-of-pocket
expenses incurred for attending Board of Directors meetings. 

Pension and
Retirement Plans 

Currently, the Company does
not offer any annuity, pension, or retirement benefits to any of its officers,
directors, or employees in the event of retirement. There are also no
compensatory plans or arrangements with respect to any individual named above
which results or will result from the resignation, retirement, or any other
termination of employment with the company, or from a change in the control of
the Company. 

Employment Agreements 

The Company does not have
written employment agreements with any of its key employees. 

Audit Committee 

Presently, the
Board of Directors is performing the duties that would normally be performed by
an audit committee. The Board of Directors
intends to form a separate audit committee and is seeking potential independent
directors. 

29 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT. 

The following table
sets forth certain information, as of March 31, 2023, with respect to any
person (including any group , as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) who is known
to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of any class
of the Company s voting securities, and as to those shares of the Company s
equity securities beneficially owned by each of its directors, the executive
officers of the Company and all of its directors and executive officers of the
Company and all of its directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise specified in the table
below, such information, other than information with respect to the directors and
officers of the Company, is based on a review of statements filed, with the
Securities and Exchange commission (the Commission pursuant to Sections 13
(d), 13 (f), and 13 (g) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company s
common stock. As of March 31, 2023,
there were 277,112,660 shares of common stock outstanding. 

The number of shares of
common stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under the rules of
the Commission, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial
ownership for any other purpose. Under
such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which such person
has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which
the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days after the date hereof,
through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has
sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his or her spouse)
with respect to the shares set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed
beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of
those shares. 

The table also shows the
number of shares beneficially owned as of March 31, 2023, by each of the individual
directors and executive officers and by all directors and executive officers as
a group. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Position 
 Amount and Nature of
 Beneficial Owner 
 Percent of Common Stock 

Gregory Pilant 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 200,000,000 
 72.173 

Deborah Pilant 
 Director, Secretary Treasurer 

Troy Thuet 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 0 
 0 

Dr. Lee Ori 
 Chief R D Officer 
 0 
 0 

Total Officers and Directors 
 200,000,000 
 72.173 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

None. 

ITEM 14. 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit Fees. The aggregate fees billed by dbb mckennon for the audit and reviews of
the Company s financial statements were 36,500 and 30,260 for the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees. The aggregate fees billed by dbb mckennon for assurance and related
services, that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of the Company s financial statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022 and that are not disclosed in the paragraph captioned Audit Fees 
above, were 0. 

Tax Fees. The aggregate fees billed by dbb mckennon for professional services rendered
for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the fiscal years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022 were 0 and 4,000 respectively. 

All Other Fees. The aggregate fees billed by
dbb mckennon for products and
services, other than the services described in the paragraphs Audit Fees, 
 Audit-Related Fees, and Tax Fees above for the fiscal years ended March 31,
2023 and 2022 were 0. 

30 

As of the date of this
Annual Report, the Company did not have a standing audit committee serving, and
as a result our board of directors performs the duties of an audit committee. Our board of directors will evaluate and approve
in advance, the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the
auditor renders audit and non-audit services. 
We do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures. 

31 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. 

See Item 13 Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. The following is a complete list of
exhibits filed as part of this Form 10. Exhibit numbers correspond to Item 601
of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

3.0 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation (1) 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 Articles of Incorporation (1) 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 Articles of Incorporation (1) 

3.3 
 
 Corporate
 Bylaws (1) 

10.1 
 
 Advance
 from Shareholder of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. (1) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

Notes: 

(1) 
 Filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on July 28, 2017. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, there unto duly authorized. 

REGENEREX
 PHARMA, INC. 

Date: 
 June 9, 2023 
 By: Name: Title: 
 /s/ Gregory
 Pilant Gregory Pilant Chief Executive Officer 

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Company and in their capacities and on the dates indicated. 

REGENEREX PHARMA,
 INC. 

Date: 
 June 9, 2023 
 By: Name: Title: 
 /s/ Deborah
 Pilant Deborah Pilant Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 June 9, 2023 
 By: Name: Title: 
 /s/ Gregory
 Pilant Gregory Pilant Director, Chief Executive Officer 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Regenerex Pharma, Inc. - Exhibit 31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Gregory Pilant, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15-d14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Regenerex Pharma, Inc., 

1. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

3. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Gregory Pilant 

Gregory Pilant 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

June 9, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Regenerex Pharma, Inc. - Exhibit 31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Deborah Pilant, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15-d14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. 

1. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

3. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Deborah Pilant 

Deborah Pilant 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

June 9, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Regenerex Pharma, Inc. - Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gregory Pilant, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Gregory Pilant 

Gregory Pilant 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

June 9, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Regenerex Pharma, Inc. - Exhibit 32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Deborah Pilant, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Deborah Pilant 

Deborah Pilant 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

June 9, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rgpx-20230331.xsd
 SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rgpx-20230331_def.xml
 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rgpx-20230331_lab.xml
 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rgpx-20230331_pre.xml
 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

