<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1352952_0001096906-23-000855.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15725474</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>177827</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11173561</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1369360</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1185751</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1692779</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-23-000855.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417163557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-23-000855
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CFN Enterprises Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001352952
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52635
		FILM NUMBER:		23824385

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 E. 8TH STREET
		CITY:			WHITEFISH
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59937
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8334202636

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 E. 8TH STREET
		CITY:			WHITEFISH
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59937

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Accelerize Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACCELERIZE NEW MEDIA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-23-000855.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 cnfn-20221231.htm
 CFN ENTERPRISES INC. - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

CFN ENTERPRISES INC. - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 

or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___________ to _________. 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. : 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common equity voting shares of the registrant held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 was . 
 
 The number of the registrant s shares of Common Stock outstanding as of April 17, 2023: 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms the Company, CFN Enterprises, we, us or our refer to CFN Enterprises Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: None 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 THIS ANNUAL REPORT CONTAINS STATEMENTS WHICH CONSTITUTE FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS. ALSO, WHENEVER WE USE WORDS SUCH AS BELIEVE, EXPECT, ANTICIPATE, INTEND, PLAN, ESTIMATE, MAY, PREDICT, WILL, POTENTIAL, OR SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS, WE ARE MAKING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED UPON OUR PRESENT INTENT, BELIEFS OR EXPECTATIONS, BUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE NOT GUARANTEED TO OCCUR AND MAY NOT OCCUR. ACTUAL RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN OR IMPLIED BY OUR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AS A RESULT OF VARIOUS FACTORS. 
 
 IMPORTANT FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE IN OUR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, GENERAL MARKET CONDITIONS, INCLUDING WEAKNESS IN THE ECONOMY, REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS AND OTHER CONDITIONS WHICH ARE NOT WITHIN OUR CONTROL. 
 
 OTHER RISKS MAY ADVERSELY IMPACT US, AS DESCRIBED MORE FULLY IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT UNDER ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 
 YOU SHOULD NOT PLACE UNDUE RELIANCE UPON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. 
 
 EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY LAW, WE UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION, FUTURE EVENTS OR OTHERWISE. 
 
 UNLESS THE CONTEXT OTHERWISE REQUIRES, THE TERMS CFN , THE COMPANY , WE , OUR , REGISTRANT , AND US MEANS CFN ENTERPRISES INC. AND ITS CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES. 

CFN ENTERPRISES INC. 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

3 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

6 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

14 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

14 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

15 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

16 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

17 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

17 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

18 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

26 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

26 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

26 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

26 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

27 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

27 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

28 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

30 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

31 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

31 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

32 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

35 

SIGNATURES 

36 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 We own and operate CNP Operating, a leading cannabidiol, or CBD, manufacturer vertically integrated with a 360 degree approach to the processing of high quality CBD products designed for growers, pharmaceutical, wellness providers, and retailers needs, and a cannabis industry focused sponsored content and marketing business, or the CFN Business. Our ongoing operations currently consist primarily of CNP Operating and the CFN Business and we will continue to pursue strategic transactions and opportunities. We are currently in the process of launching an e-commerce network focused on the sale of general wellness CBD products. 
 
 CNP Operating provides toll processing services which includes extraction, distillation, remediation, isolation and chromatography. CNP Operating has a professional, organized and dedicated team with 30 years of combined experience. CNP Operating s state of the art facility has 30,000 square feet filled with proprietary technology distillation equipment, in house lab testing, distribution warehouse and white labelling product formulation and design. 
 
 The CFN Business generates revenue through sponsored content, including articles, press releases, videos, podcasts, advertisements and other media, email advertisements and other marketing campaigns run on behalf of public and private companies in the cannabis industry, helping them reach accredited, retail and institutional investors. Most revenue is generated through contracts involving a monthly cash payment. 
 
 The CFN Business primary expenses come from advertising on platforms like Twitter and Facebook and from employee salaries and contractor fees. The CFN Business content is primarily produced by a team of freelance writers and video content is produced through various vendors. The CFN Business also incurs hosting and development costs associated with maintaining and improving its website, web applications, and mobile applications. The CFN Business operates several media platforms, including CannabisFN.com, the Cannabis FN iOS app, the CFN Media YouTube channel, the CFN Media podcast, and other venues. These properties are designed to educate and inform investors interested in the cannabis industry, as well as provide a platform for the clients of the CFN Business to reach investors. The CFN Business distributes content across numerous online platforms, including the CannabisFN.com website, press releases, financial news syndicates, search engines, YouTube, iTunes, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, and others. 
 
 The CFN Business targets the legal cannabis industry. According to Grand View Research, the global cannabis industry is expected to reach 146.4 billion by 2025, driven by the legalization of medical and adult-use cannabis across a growing number of jurisdictions. According to the Marijuana Index, there are approximately 400 public companies involved in the cannabis industry, which represents the primary target market of the CFN Business. The CFN Business services are designed to help private companies prepare to go public and public companies grow their shareholder base through sponsored content and marketing outreach. The success of the CFN Business depends on the legal status of cannabis, investor demand for cannabis investments, and numerous other external factors. 
 
 The CFN Business competes with other public relations firms for clients, as well as online publishers for investors. Public relations competition includes investor awareness firms like Stockhouse Publishing, Catalyst Xchange, Stonebridge Partners and Midan Ventures. Online publisher competition includes firms like New Cannabis Ventures, Leafly and High Times. The CFN Business is regulated by rules established by the SEC, FINRA, and certain federal and state cannabis regulations. 
 
 On August 23, 2021, we entered into securities purchase agreements with CNP Operating LLC, a Colorado limited liability company and its owners, whereby the Company acquired 100 of CNP Operating from its owners in exchange for an aggregate of 354 million shares of our common stock. On August 25, 2021 the transaction was closed and CNP Operating became our wholly owned subsidiary. 
 
 On December 6, 2021, we effected a reverse split of our outstanding common stock in the ratio of 1-for-15, or the Reverse Stock Split. Share amounts in this annual report reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 
 
 3 
 
 Our principal offices are located at 600 E. 8th Street, Whitefish, Montana 59937. Our telephone number there is: (833) 420-2636. Our corporate website is: www.cfnenterprisesinc.com, the contents of which are not part of this annual report. 
 
 Our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace under the symbol CNFN. 
 
 Industry and Market Opportunity 

The global cannabidiol (CBD) market had an estimated value of 9.3 billion for 2021 and is projected to grow at a 22.2 compound annual growth rate to reach 23.6 billion by 2025, according to Grand View Research. The business-to-consumer (B2C) segment is the largest segment of this market and is expected to exhibit the fastest growth rate over the forecast period. 

The global legal cannabis market is projected to grow at an 18.1 compound annual growth rate to reach 73.6 billion by 2027, according to Grand View Research. North America held the largest revenue share at 88.4 , but the recent legalization of cannabis for medical purposes in countries like Australia, Germany and Poland is expected to create lucrative opportunities. 

The psychedelics market is expected to grow from 2.08 billion to 6.86 billion between 2020 and 2027, representing a 16.3 compound annual growth rate, driven by the growing acceptance of psychedelic drugs for treating depression and other mental disorders. 

Our Solutions 
 
 CNP Operating provides toll processing services which includes extraction, distillation, remediation, isolation and chromatography. CNP Operating has a professional, organized and dedicated team with 30 years of combined experience. CNP Operating s state of the art facility has 30,000 square feet filled with proprietary technology distillation equipment, in house lab testing, distribution warehouse and white labelling product formulation and design. 
 
 CFN Enterprises services are designed to help private companies prepare to go public and public companies grow their shareholder base through sponsored content and marketing outreach. The business targets the legal CBD, cannabis and psychedelics industries. 
 
 How we market our services 
 
 CNP Operating s products are sold through our direct sales force and by attending industry related trade shows. 
 
 CFN Enterprises markets its services through its proprietary network of websites, including www.cannabisfn.com, social media channels and through its internal sales team. 
 
 Competition 
 
 CFN Enterprises competes with other public relations firms for clients, as well as online publishers for investors. Public relations competition includes investor awareness firms like Stockhouse Publishing, Catalyst Xchange, Stonebridge Partners and Midan Ventures. Online publisher competition includes firms like New Cannabis Ventures, Leafly and High Times. 
 
 CNP Operating competes with other CBD product manufacturers and sellers. The market for the sale of CBD-based products is fragmented and intensely competitive. Our competitors of CBD-based products include a combination of public and private companies who operate as combination of ecommerce and wholesale brands as well as brick and mortar retail operations. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 CFN Business 
 
 The CFN Business is regulated by rules established by the SEC, FINRA, and certain federal and state cannabis regulations. 
 4 

CNP Operating Business 
 
 On December 20, 2018, the President of the United States signed the United States of the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018, commonly known as the Farm Bill, into law. Among other things, this new law changed certain federal authorities relating to the production and marketing of hemp, defined as cannabis (Cannabis sativa L.), and hemp products containing less than 0.3 percent delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC, including removing hemp and derivatives of hemp from the Controlled Substance Act. January 15, 2021 the USDA issued its final rule regarding the Establishment of a Domestic Hemp Production Program which authorized hemp to be grown and processed legally in the United States and made it legal to transport in interstate commerce. 
 
 The Farm Bill recognizes hemp as distinct from its genetic cousin, marijuana, and specifically industrial hemp has been excluded from U.S. drug laws. The Farm Bill allows for each individual state to regulate industrial hemp and industrial hemp-based products or accept the USDA rules. Although no longer a controlled substance under federal law, cannabinoids derived from industrial hemp (other than THC) are still subject to a patchwork of state regulations. We are actively monitoring the regulations and proposed regulations in each state to ensure our operations are compliant. 
 
 In conjunction with the enactment of the Farm Bill, the FDA released a statement about the status of CBD and the agency s actions in the short term with regards to CBD will guide the industry. The statement noted that the Farm Bill explicitly preserved the FDA s authority to regulate products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds under the FDCA and Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. This authority allows the FDA to continue enforcing the law to protect patients and the public while also providing potential regulatory pathways for products containing cannabis and cannabis-derived compounds. The statement also noted the growing public interest in cannabis and cannabis-derived products, including CBD, and informed the public that the FDA will treat products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds as it does any other FDA-regulated products meaning the products will be subject to the same authorities and requirements as FDA-regulated products containing any other substance, regardless of the source of the substance, including whether the substance is derived from a plant that is classified as hemp under the Farm Bill. 
 
 As of the date of this annual report, and based upon publicly available information, to our knowledge the FDA has not taken any enforcement actions against CBD companies. The FDA, however, has sent warning letters to companies demanding they cease and desist from the production, distribution, or advertising of CBD products, only relating to instances that such CBD companies have made misleading and unapproved label claims. We will continue to monitor the FDA s position on CBD. In December 2020, the FTC announced it was going to seek penalties against companies making deceptive marketing claims and named 6 companies which it had targeted for making egregious and unsupported health claims. On March 5, 2021, the FTC approved the final administrative consent orders with all 6 companies. We are unaware of any further actions and we will continue to monitor the FTC s position with regards to deceptive marketing claims. 
 
 We are subject to federal and state consumer protection laws, including laws protecting the privacy of customer non-public information and the handling of customer complaints and regulations prohibiting unfair and deceptive trade practices. The growth and demand for online commerce has and may continue to result in more stringent consumer protection laws that impose additional compliance burdens on online companies. These laws may cover issues such as user privacy, spyware and the tracking of consumer activities, marketing e-mails and communications, other advertising and promotional practices, money transfers, pricing, product safety, content and quality of products and services, taxation, electronic contracts and other communications and information security. 
 
 There is also great uncertainty over whether or how existing laws governing issues such as sales and other taxes, auctions, libel, and personal privacy apply to the internet and commercial online services. These issues may take years to resolve. For example, tax authorities in a number of states, as well as a Congressional advisory commission, are currently reviewing the appropriate tax treatment of companies engaged in online commerce, and new state tax regulations may subject us to additional state sales and income taxes. New legislation or regulation, the application of laws and regulations from jurisdictions whose laws do not currently apply to our business or the application of existing laws and regulations to the internet and commercial online services could result in significant additional taxes or regulatory restrictions on our business. These taxes or restrictions could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, 
 5 
 
 results of operations and overall financial condition. Furthermore, there is a possibility that we may be subject to significant fines or other payments for any past failures to comply with these requirements. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2022,we had 14 full-time employees, including all of our executive officers. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we believe our relationships with our employees to be good. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our business faces risks. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. Our investors and prospective investors should consider the following risks and the information contained under the heading Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward Looking Statements before deciding to invest in our common stock. 
 
 Our resources are limited and it may impact how we implement our growth strategy which may impact our operations. 
 
 Our resources are limited. Our working capital deficit at December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounts to 8,802,958 and 6,644,429, respectively. As we implement our growth strategy, poor strategic design or execution could impact negatively our operations and our cash flows. We expect that our expenses will continue to increase as we continue to develop and implement our products and services. Our capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned if, for example, we incur unforeseen capital expenditures, incur unforeseen operating expenses, or make investments to maintain our competitive position. If this is the case, we may have to delay or abandon some or all of our development plans or otherwise forego market opportunities. We will need to generate significant revenues to be profitable in the future, and we may not generate sufficient revenues to be profitable on either a quarterly or annual basis in the future. 
 
 We have a history of losses. 
 
 We have a history of losses and negative cash flows from operations. We had a net loss from continuing operations of approximately 9.6 million in 2022 and a net loss of approximately 12.4 million in 2021. Our operations have been financed primarily through proceeds from the issuance of equity, borrowing money through the issuance of promissory notes and use of a credit facility. We may continue to incur losses in the future. 
 
 We have substantial indebtedness and obligations to pay interest. 
 
 We currently have, and will likely continue to have, a substantial amount of indebtedness and obligations to pay interest from our preferred stock. Our indebtedness and interest obligations could, among other things, make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations, require us to use a large portion of our cash flow from operations to repay and service our debt and preferred stock or otherwise create liquidity problems, limit our flexibility to adjust to market conditions, place us at a competitive disadvantage and expose us to interest rate fluctuations. As of December 31, 2022 we had total debt outstanding of approximately 4,066,587, of which 3,588,250 was short term. As of December 31, 2022, we had 500 shares of Series A Preferred, Stock, each with a stated value of 1,000 per share which bears interest at 12 per annum, and 3,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, each with a stated value of 1,000 per share which bears interest at 6 per annum. 
 
 We expect to obtain the money to pay our expenses and pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness, interest on our preferred stock, and tax liabilities from cash flow from our operations and potentially from securities offerings. Accordingly, our ability to meet our obligations depends on our future performance and capital raising activities, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If our cash flow and capital resources prove inadequate to allow us to pay the principal and interest on our debt, interest on our preferred stock and meet our other obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations, restructure or refinance our debt, which we may be unable to do 
 6 
 
 on acceptable terms, and forego attractive business opportunities. In addition, the terms of our existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from pursuing any of these alternatives. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed in its report to our 2022 audited consolidated financial statements a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . 
 
 We have not generated sufficient revenues from our operations to fund our activities and are therefore dependent upon external sources for financing our operations. There is a risk that we will be unable to obtain the necessary financing to continue our operations on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed in its auditors report on the consolidated financial statements for December 31, 2022, a substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. This going concern opinion could materially limit our ability to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities or otherwise. Future reports on our financial statements may include an explanatory paragraph with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our stockholders may lose their entire investment in the common stock. 
 
 Our quarterly financial results will fluctuate, making it difficult to forecast our results of operation. 
 
 Our revenues and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

Variability in demand and usage for our products and services; 

Market acceptance of new and existing services offered by us, our competitors and potential competitors; and 

Governmental regulations affecting the use of the Internet, including regulations concerning intellectual property rights and security features. 

Our current and future levels of expenditures are based primarily on our growth plans and estimates of expected future revenues. If our operating results fall below the expectation of investors, our stock price will likely decline significantly. 
 
 We face risks related to the macro economy. 
 
 Continued uncertainty in global economic conditions continues to pose a risk to the overall economy and has adversely affected the online advertising market, which is now highly competitive. These economic conditions have impacted consumer confidence and customer demand for our products, as well as our ability to borrow money to finance our operations, to maintain our key employees, and to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. For example, customers have spent less on online advertising and other services. Although the economic outlook has improved since the credit crisis, if a worsening of current conditions or another economic crisis were to occur, our business and results of operations will continue to be negatively impacted. 
 
 The CFN Business provides services to persons engaged in the cannabis industry. Cannabis remains illegal under Federal law. 
 
 Despite the development of a regulated cannabis industry under the laws of certain states, these state laws regulating medical and adult cannabis use are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which classifies cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance and makes cannabis use and possession illegal on a national level. The United States Supreme Court has ruled that the Federal government has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, even for medical purposes, and thus Federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that regulate its use. If the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ did take action against the cannabis industry, those of our clients operating in the legal cannabis industry would be lost to us. 
 
 To analyze this risk, we are relying heavily upon the various U.S. federal governmental memos issued in the past (including the memorandum issued by the DOJ on October 19, 2009, known as the Ogden Memorandum , the memorandum issued by the DOJ on August 29, 2013, known as the Cole Memorandum and other guidance), to remain acceptable to those state and federal entities that regulate, enforce, or choose to defer enforcement of certain 
 7 
 
 current regulations regarding cannabis and that the U.S. federal government will not change its attitude to those practitioners in the cannabis industry as long as they comply with their state and local jurisdictional rules and authorities. 
 
 The legal cannabis industry is not yet well-developed, and many aspects of this industry s development and evolution cannot be accurately predicted, and therefore losing any clients may have a material adverse effect on our business. While we have attempted to identify our business risks in the legal cannabis industry, you should carefully consider that there are other risks that cannot be foreseen or are not described in this annual report, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 
 As the possession and use of cannabis is illegal under the Federal Controlled Substances Act, we may be deemed to be aiding and abetting illegal activities through the services and data that we provide to cannabis dispensaries, cultivators and consumers. As a result, we may be subject to enforcement actions by law enforcement authorities, which would materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Under Federal law, and more specifically the Federal Controlled Substances Act, the possession, use, cultivation, and transfer of cannabis is illegal. The CFN Business provides services to customers that are engaged in the business of possession, use, cultivation, and/or transfer of cannabis. As a result, law enforcement authorities, in their attempt to regulate the illegal use of cannabis, may seek to bring an action or actions against us, including, but not limited, to a claim of aiding and abetting another s criminal activities. The Federal aiding and abetting statute provides that anyone who commits an offense against the United States or aids, abets, counsels, commands, induces or procures its commission, is punishable as a principal. As a result of such an action, we may be forced to cease operations and our investors could lose their entire investment. Such an action would have a material negative effect on our business and operations. 
 
 Changes to Federal or state laws pertaining to industrial hemp could slow the use of industrial hemp in our CNP Operating business which would materially impact our revenues in future periods. 
 
 As of the date hereof, approximately 46 states have authorized industrial hemp programs pursuant to the Farm Bill, or under prior programs authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill, or have plans under review by the USDA. Effective January 1, 2022 several states without an approved plan under the Farm Bill, or a plan under review, will default to the USDA Hemp Producer License. Continued development of the industrial hemp industry will be dependent upon new legislative authorization of industrial hemp at the state level, and further amendment or supplementation of legislation at the federal level. Any number of events or occurrences could slow or halt progress all together in this space. While progress within the industrial hemp industry is currently encouraging, growth is not assured. While there appears to be ample public support for favorable legislative action, numerous factors may impact or negatively affect the legislative process(es) within the various states where we have business interests. Any one of these factors could slow or halt use of industrial hemp, which could negatively impact the business up to possibly causing us to discontinue operations as a whole. In addition, changes in Federal or state laws could require us to alter the way we conduct our business in order to remain compliant with applicable state laws in ways we are presently unable to foresee. These possible changes, if necessary, could be costly and may adversely impact our results of operations in future periods. 
 
 Costs associated with compliance with numerous laws and regulations could impact our financial results. In addition, we could become subject to increased litigation risks associated with the CBD industry. 
 
 The manufacture, labeling and distribution by us of the hemp-based cannabinoid products is regulated by various federal, state and local agencies. These governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings, which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or the ability to sell products in the future. We are subject to regulation by the federal government and other state and local agencies as a result of our hemp-based cannabinoid products. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust systems to comply with different compliance in multiple jurisdictions increases the possibility that we may violate one or more of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to our company, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect the ability to operate our business and our financial results. Failure to comply with the various federal, state and local requirements may result in, among other things, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines and 
 8 
 
 criminal prosecutions. We are seeing increasing state-level labeling requirements that may increase our costs with respect to monitoring and adhering to unique label requirements in addition to potential product and packaging obsolescence costs. Our advertising is subject to regulation by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, under the Federal Trade Commission Act, and is subject to various state regulations enforced by state agencies and state attorneys general. Additionally, some states also permit advertising and labeling laws to be enforced by private attorneys general who may seek relief for consumers, seek class-action certifications, seek class-wide damages and product recalls of products sold by us. Any actions against our company by governmental authorities or private litigants could be time consuming, costly to defend and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Uncertainty caused by potential changes to legal regulations could impact the use of CBD products. 
 
 There is substantial uncertainty and different interpretations among federal, state and local regulatory agencies, legislators, academics and businesses as to the scope of operation of Farm Bill-compliant hemp programs relative to the emerging regulation of cannabinoids. These different opinions include, but are not limited to, the regulation of cannabinoids by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and/or the FDA and the extent to which manufacturers of products containing Farm Bill-compliant cultivators and processors may engage in interstate commerce. The uncertainties cannot be resolved without further federal, and perhaps even state-level, legislation, regulation or a definitive judicial interpretation of existing legislation and rules. If these uncertainties continue, they may have an adverse effect upon the introduction of our products in different markets. 
 
 We face intense competition from other marketing service providers. 
 
 We compete with many marketing service providers for consumers attention and spending. Our competitors may have substantially greater capital, longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Our competitors may also engage in more extensive development of their technologies and may adopt more comprehensive marketing and advertising campaigns than we can. Our competitors may develop products and service offerings that we do not offer or that are more sophisticated or more cost effective than our own. For these and other reasons, our competitors products and services may achieve greater acceptance in the marketplace than our own, limiting our ability to gain market share and customer loyalty and to generate sufficient revenues to achieve a profitable level of operations. Our failure to adequately address any of the above factors could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 In addition, as the barriers to entry in our market segment are not substantial, an unlimited number of new competitors could emerge, thereby making our goal of establishing a market presence even more difficult. Because our management expects competition in our market segment to continue to intensify, there can be no assurances we will ever establish a competitive position in our market segment. 
 
 The market for CBD products is highly competitive. If we are unable to compete effectively in the market, our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The market for CBD products is a competitive and rapidly evolving market. There are numerous competitors in the industry, some of whom are more well-established with longer operating histories and greater financial resources than we have. We expect competition in the CBD industry to continue to intensify. We believe we will be able to compete effectively because of the quality of our products and customer service. However, there can be no assurance that we will effectively compete with existing or future competitors. Increased competition may also drive the prices of our products down, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. 
 
 Given the rapid changes affecting the global, national and regional economies generally, and the CBD industry specifically, we may experience difficulties in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Our success will depend on our ability to keep pace with any changes in such markets, especially legal and regulatory changes. Our success will depend on our ability to respond to, among other things, changes in the economy, market conditions and competitive pressures. Any failure to anticipate or respond adequately to such changes could have a material adverse effect on the our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 9 
 
 If we are unable to attract new customers or sell additional services and functionality to our existing customers, our revenue growth will be adversely affected. 
 
 To increase our revenues, we must add new customers, encourage existing customers to renew their agreements on terms favorable to us, increase their usage of our solutions, and sell additional functionality to existing customers. As our industry matures, as interactive channels develop further, or as competitors introduce lower cost and/or differentiated products or services that are perceived to compete with ours, our ability to sell and renew based on pricing, technology and functionality could be impaired. As a result, we may be unable to renew our agreements with existing customers or attract new customers or new business from existing customers on terms that would be favorable or comparable to prior periods, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue and growth, as well as our profitability and financial condition. 
 
 We may not be successful in increasing our brand awareness. 
 
 We believe that developing and maintaining awareness of the CFN brand is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our existing and future services and is an important element in attracting new customers. In order to build brand awareness, we must succeed in our marketing efforts and provide high quality services. Our efforts to build our brand will involve significant expense. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incurred in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, or incur substantial expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brand, we may fail to attract enough new customers or retain our existing customers to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, and our business could suffer. 
 
 We depend on receipt of timely feeds from our content providers. 
 
 We depend on Web browsers, ISPs and online service providers to provide access over the Internet to our product and service offerings. Many of these providers have experienced significant outages or interruptions in the past, and could experience outages, delays and other difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems. These types of interruptions could continue or increase in the future. 
 
 We rely on third-party computer hardware and software that may be difficult to replace or which could cause errors or failures of our service. 
 
 We rely on computer hardware purchased or leased and software licensed from third parties in order to offer our services. This hardware and software may not continue to be available to us at reasonable prices, or on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this hardware or software could significantly increase our expenses and otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our service until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated, which could harm our business. Any errors or defects in third-party hardware or software could result in errors or a failure of our service which could harm our business. 
 
 If our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer s data or our data or our information technology systems, our service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. 
 
 Our service involves the storage and transmission of customers proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, and to litigation and possible liability. These security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, by employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, during the transfer of data to additional data centers or at any time, and may result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our customers data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative 
 10 
 
 measures. In addition, our customers may authorize third party technology providers, via our various Application Programming Interfaces, to access their customer data. Because we do not control the transmissions between our customers and third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. Any security breach could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our service, damage our reputation, disrupt our business, lead to legal liability and negatively impact our future sales. 
 
 Our future performance and success depends on our ability to retain our key personnel. 
 
 Our future performance and success is heavily dependent upon the continued active participation of our current senior management team, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, Brian Ross. The loss of any of their services could have a material adverse effect on our business development and our ability to execute our growth strategy, resulting in loss of sales and a slower rate of growth. We do not maintain any key person life insurance for any of our employees. 
 
 We may be subject to infringement claims on proprietary rights of third parties for software and other content that we distribute or make available to our customers. 
 
 We may be liable or alleged to be liable to third parties for software and other content that we distribute or make available to our customers: 

If the content or the performance of our services violates third party copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights; or 

If our customers violate the intellectual property rights of others by providing content through our services. 

Any alleged liability could harm our business by damaging our reputation. Any alleged liability could also require us to incur legal expenses in defense and could expose us to awards of damages and costs including, but not limited to, treble damages for willful infringement, and would likely divert management s attention which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We cannot assure you that third parties will not claim infringement by us with respect to past, current, or future technologies. Participants in our markets may be increasingly subject to infringement claims as the number of services and competitors in our industry segment grows. In addition, these risks are difficult to quantify in light of the continuously evolving nature of laws and regulations governing the Internet. Any claim relating to proprietary rights, whether meritorious or not, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause service upgrade delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will have adequate insurance coverage or that royalty or licensing agreements will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. Further, we plan to offer our services and applications to customers worldwide, including to customers in foreign countries that may offer less protection for our intellectual property than the United States. Our failure to protect against misappropriation of our intellectual property and claims against us that we are infringing the intellectual property of third parties could have a negative effect on our business, revenues, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Evolving government regulation could adversely affect our business prospects. 
 
 We do not know with certainty how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership copyright and other intellectual property issues, taxation, illegal or obscene content, regulated industries, retransmission of media, personal privacy and data protection will apply to the Internet or to the distribution of multimedia and other proprietary content over the Internet. Most of these laws were adopted before the advent of the Internet and related technologies and therefore do not address the unique issues associated with the Internet and related technologies. Depending on how these laws developed and are interpreted by the judicial system, they could have the effect of: 

Limiting the growth of the Internet; 

Creating uncertainty in the marketplace that could reduce demand for our products and services; 

11 

Increasing our cost of doing business; 

Exposing us to significant liabilities associated with content distributed or accessed through our products or services; or 

Leading to increased product and applications development costs, or otherwise harm our business. 

Because of this rapidly evolving and uncertain regulatory environment, both domestically and internationally, we cannot predict how existing or proposed laws and regulations might affect our business. 
 
 In addition, as Internet commerce continues to evolve, increasing regulation by federal, state or foreign agencies becomes more likely. In addition, taxation of services provided over the Internet or other charges imposed by government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the Internet may also be imposed. Any regulation imposing greater fees for Internet use or restricting information exchange over the Internet could result in a decline in the use of the Internet and the viability of Internet-based services, which could harm our business. 
 
 Dilutive securities may adversely impact our stock price. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following securities exercisable into shares of our Common Stock were outstanding: 

988,500 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants 

These securities represent, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 2.6 of our Common Stock on a fully diluted, as exercised basis. In addition, our preferred stock is convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price to be mutually determined between us and the holders in the future, and could result in the issuance of a significant number of shares of common stock. The exercise of any of these options or warrants, both of which have fixed prices, or conversion of our preferred stock, may materially adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and will have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm the value of our stock. 
 
 Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, effectively prevent fraud and operate as a public company. We have discovered areas of our internal control over financial reporting that need improvement. If we are unable to adequately maintain or improve our internal control over financial reporting, we may report that our internal controls are ineffective. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be negatively impacted. Ineffective internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information which could have a negative effect on the market price of our Common Stock and which could result in regulatory proceedings against us by, among others, the SEC. 
 
 We have not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which stockholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. 
 
 Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges are those that address the board of directors independence, audit committee oversight, and the adoption of a code of ethics. We have not yet adopted some of these corporate governance measures and, since our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, we are not required to do so. We have not adopted corporate governance measures such as an audit committee or other independent committees of our Board of Directors. In the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees 
 12 
 
 comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees may be made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions. 
 
 The limited market for our Common Stock will make our stock price more volatile. Therefore, you may have difficulty selling your shares. 
 
 The market for our Common Stock is limited and we cannot assure you that a larger market will ever be developed or maintained. Currently, our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace. Securities quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace typically have low trading volumes. Market fluctuations and volatility, as well as general economic, market and political conditions, could reduce our market price. As a result, this may make it difficult or impossible for our shareholders to sell our Common Stock. 
 
 There are generally no restrictions on the resale of our outstanding Common Stock. Sales by existing shareholders may depress the share price of our Common Stock and may impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities when needed. 
 
 The possibility that substantial amounts of outstanding Common Stock may be sold in the public market may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Common Stock. This could negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 
 
 Sales of shares of our Common Stock to the public may adversely impact our stock price. 
 
 Sales of shares of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our Common Stock and may make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their common stock at desirable prices. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 Some of the shares issued and options granted under our stock plan may have been issued in transactions that were not exempt from registration under certain state securities laws, the result of which is that the holders of these shares and/or options may have rescission rights that could require us to reacquire the shares and/or options. 
 
 Some of the shares issued and options granted under our equity compensation plan may not have been exempt from registration or qualification under the securities laws of certain states. We previously became aware that we may not have had a valid exemption for the issuance of these options and shares exercised upon exercise of these options under certain state laws. Because of the lack of registration and, potentially, the lack of a valid exemption from registration, the options we granted and the shares issued upon exercise of these options may have been issued in violation of certain state securities laws and may be subject to rescission. 
 
 If such shares and options are subject to rescission, we could be required to make payments to the holders of these shares and options in an amount not yet determinable by us. If any or all of the offerees reject the rescission offer, we may continue to be liable under state securities laws for payments to the offerees. If it is determined that we offered securities without properly registering them under state law, or securing an exemption from registration, regulators could impose monetary fines or other sanctions as provided under these laws. 
 
 Our Common Stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, and the trading market in our Common Stock is limited. This makes transactions in our Common Stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of your shares. 
 
 The SEC has adopted Rule 3a51-1 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires: 
 
 13 

that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 

the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

Obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and 

make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 

that the broker or dealer received a signed, written statement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our Common Stock and cause a decline in its market value. 
 
 Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 
 
 We could become subject to litigation that could be costly, result in the diversion of management s attention and require us to pay damages. 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings. Though we are not currently subject to any such proceedings, adverse outcomes in such proceedings may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and could divert management s attention. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 On June 20, 2019, we entered into a Lease Agreement with Emerging Growth, LLC for the lease of office space in Whitefish, Montana, for a period of one year at a rate of 1,500 per month. On August 5, 2020, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Emerging Growth, LLC for additional office space in Whitefish, Montana, replacing its previous lease from June 20, 2019. The term of the lease commenced on September 1, 2020 for a period of one year at a rate of 4,500 per month. The lease contains an option for the Company to renew the lease for a period of one additional year at a monthly rent subject to a 3 increase. On March 30, 2021, we entered into a new lease agreement for these premises commencing April 1, 2021 for a period of three years at a rate of 4,500 per month, which lease contains an option for the Company to renew the lease for a period of one additional year at a monthly rent subject to a 3 increase. On April 1, 2023, we entered into a new lease agreement for these premises commencing April 1, 2023 for a period of five years at a rate of 3,750 per month, which lease contains an option for the Company to renew the lease for a period of one additional year at a monthly rent subject to a 3 increase. 
 
 On July 1, 2019, CNP Operating entered into a Lease Agreement with Blair Investments, LLC for the lease of commercial office and manufacturing space in Centennial, Colorado. The lease commenced on July 1,2019 for a 
 14 
 
 period of four years at a rate of 16,025. The lease increases 0.50 per square foot per year for the duration of the lease. 
 
 On May 20, 2019, CNP Operating entered into a Lease Agreement with Kevin Shively, for the lease of agricultural and manufacturing facilities in Idalia, Colorado. The lease commenced on May 20, 2019 for a period of 10 years at a rate of 5,000 per month. 
 
 On December 9, 2021, CFN Real Estate LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Lease Agreement (with Option to Purchase) with H2S2 LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, for property in Eaton, Colorado, consisting of 9.53 acres of agricultural land zoned with use for special review for hemp processing and storage, an 8,500 square foot C1D1 rated steel building, triple tunnel green houses with a total of 8,712 square feet, a shop building consisting of 3,825 square feet and a 2,280 square foot residence. The Company will use the Premises in connection with its CNP Operating cannabidiol (CBD) manufacturing business. 
 
 The Lease has an eleven month term and contains an option to purchase the premises, each terminating on November 30, 2022. The total monthly rent under the lease during the term is an aggregate of 354,000, consisting of a 14,000 monthly lease payment, and an aggregate of 200,000 in non-refundable payments towards the option. The total purchase price for the premises under the option is 1.2 million, inclusive of the 200,000 in payments made during the term of the lease. If the option is exercised, the lease contains a 30-day automatic extension of the term at 14,000. 
 
 On August 12, 2022, CFN Real Estate LLC, entered into a First Amendment to Lease Agreement, or the Amendment, to the Lease, with H2S2 LLC, for the property in Eaton, Colorado. The Amendment amends the Lease to (i) provide for payment of the final non-refundable deposit in the amount of 34,000 on or before the earlier of November 30, 2022 or exercise of the option to purchase, (ii) provide for payment of the July 2022 monthly base rent in the amount of 14,000 on or before November 30, 2022, (iii) amend the payment date for monthly base rent from the 1st to the 15th of each month, (iv) to delete the seller financing provisions of the lease, and (v) to provide for an amendment fee of 20,000, on or before November 30, 2022, or upon exercise of the option to purchase, on or before the earlier of December 31, 2022 or closing on the purchase of the premises. 
 
 On April 15, 2022, CFN Real Estate II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Agreement with Kind Roots Botanicals, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, for the purchase of property in Wray, Colorado, consisting of a 26,330 square foot retail and commercial building located on a 2.85-acre site (the Property ), and all fixtures and personal property used in or related to the ownership or development of the Property for the purpose of extraction and the manufacturing of cannabidiol (CBD) crude oil, distillate and isolate, including a certification of compliance with respect to the Good Manufacturing Practice regulations promulgated by the U.S. Food and Drug administration, in exchange for an aggregate of one million restricted shares of Company common stock. The Company will use the Property in connection with its CNP Operating cannabidiol (CBD) manufacturing business and expects that this acquisition should increase the overall production of the Company s CNP Operating business by over 50 . The closing occurred on April 29, 2022. 
 
 On May 11, 2022, CFN Real Estate II, LLC, entered into a promissory note with a lender for the repayment of 500,000 in connection with the 500,000 refinancing of the Company s property located in Wray, Colorado. As of December 31, 2022, the property is included as an asset held for sale. 
 
 We believe that our current leases are adequate and sufficient for our needs in the immediate future. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Except as set forth below, we are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that we currently believe, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 15 
 
 In October 2022, CAKE Software Inc. CAKE filed a lawsuit against the Company in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, captioned CAKE Software, Inc. v. Accelerize Inc. n/k/a CFN Enterprises Inc., Index No. 653838/2022. CAKE's lawsuit stems from an Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA executed by the parties in May 2019, in which CAKE was the buyer of certain assets from the Company. CAKE alleges that Registrant breached the APA by not paying a purported outstanding amount due which was to be calculated post-closing, and for breaching certain representations and warranties in the APA. CAKE further seeks indemnification under the APA for what it alleges are liabilities the Company retained after the closing of the sale. Based on its claims, CAKE is seeking compensatory damages of at least 1,045,441.86, attorney's fees, interests and costs, and such other relief as the court may deem just and appropriate. 
 
 In its Answer and Counterclaims, filed in January 2023, the Company denies the material allegations in CAKE's operative complaint as well as any liability to CAKE, and has also asserted claims of its own against CAKE and Perseus Operating Group, a Constellation Software Inc. division Constellation Software ). The Company's counterclaims assert that CAKE breached the APA by failing to pay the Company an earn-out, calculated in accordance with the APA, over a three-year period and totaling no less than 12,375,000, and that CAKE failed to pay the Company a 500,000 holdback amount. The Company further alleges that Constellation Software is the alter ego of CAKE, and therefore, is also liable under the APA. Through its counterclaims, the Company seeks compensatory damages of no less than 12,875,000, encompassing the earn-out amounts owed and the holdback amount, plus attorneys' fees, interests and costs, and other such relief as the court may deem just and proper. 
 
 Currently, a scheduling conference is set for May 2023. Notwithstanding, CAKE and the Company have stipulated to an early mediation to be completed no later than June 30, 2023, and have stipulated to a stay of discovery pending mediation. In the event the parties are unable to resolve this matter at mediation, they have further stipulated to submit with the court a proposed preliminary conference order, or, if they are unable to come to an agreement, a letter detailing the disputes, no later than July 7, 2023. The Company has determined that potential losses in this matter are neither probable or reasonably possible at this time. 
 
 On October 18, 2021 the company settled a vendor dispute in the amount of 100,000 of which the initial payment of 40,000 was paid on the execution of the settlement and balance to paid in 48 equal monthly payments of 1,250. The balance as of December 31, 2022 is 40,000. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 16 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace under the symbol CNFN. Quotations on the OTCQB Marketplace reflect prices between dealers, do not include retail mark-ups, markdowns, and commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 
 
 On December 6, 2021, we effected a reverse split of our outstanding common stock in the ratio of 1-for-15. Share amounts in this annual report reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 
 
 Stockholders 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 495 stockholders of record of our Common Stock. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock since inception and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Any future decision to pay dividends on Common Stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our fiscal condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On April 14, 2022, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with investors for the purchase of an aggregate of 1,142,898 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.70 per share for gross proceeds of 800,020. The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 On April 29, 2022, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock in connection with the closing of the purchase of property and equipment in Wray, Colorado, by the Company s subsidiary CFN Real Estate II, LLC. The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The shares were issued at a purchase price of 0.70 per share for a purchase price of 700,000. 
 
 On October 4, 2022, the Company converted the entire 676,000 in principal and 50,700 in accrued interest on its convertible notes into an aggregate of 2,906,800 shares of common stock. The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, the Company converted 40,000 in accrued interest on an outstanding note into 160,000 shares of common stock. The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 On November 3, 2022, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with investors for the purchase of an aggregate of 800,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.25 per share for gross proceeds of 200,000. The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company issued 2,400,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.25 per share for 600,000 in gross proceeds. The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 17 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We own and operate CNP Operating, a leading CBD manufacturer vertically integrated with a 360 degree approach to the processing of high quality CBD products designed for growers, pharmaceutical, wellness providers, and retailers needs, and a cannabis industry focused sponsored content and marketing business, or the CFN Business. Our ongoing operations currently consist primarily of CNP Operating and the CFN Business and we will continue to pursue strategic transactions and opportunities. We are currently in the process of launching an e-commerce network focused on the sale of general wellness CBD products. 
 
 CNP Operating provides toll processing services which includes extraction, distillation, remediation, isolation and chromatography. CNP Operating has a professional, organized and dedicated team with 30 years of combined experience. CNP Operating s state of the art facility has 30,000 square feet filled with proprietary technology distillation equipment, in house lab testing, distribution warehouse and white labelling product formulation and design. 
 
 The CFN Business generates revenue through sponsored content, including articles, press releases, videos, podcasts, advertisements and other media, email advertisements and other marketing campaigns run on behalf of public and private companies in the cannabis industry, helping them reach accredited, retail and institutional investors. Most revenue is generated through contracts involving a monthly cash payment. 
 
 The CFN Business primary expenses come from advertising on platforms like Twitter and Facebook and from employee salaries and contractor fees. The CFN Business content is primarily produced by a team of freelance writers and video content is produced through various vendors. The CFN Business also incurs hosting and development costs associated with maintaining and improving its website, web applications, and mobile applications. The CFN Business operates several media platforms, including CannabisFN.com, the CannabisFN iOS app, the CFN Media YouTube channel, the CFN Media podcast, and other venues. These properties are designed to educate and inform investors interested in the cannabis industry, as well as provide a platform for the clients of the CFN Business to reach investors. The CFN Business distributes content across numerous online platforms, including the CannabisFN.com website, press releases, financial news syndicates, search engines, YouTube, iTunes, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, and others. 
 
 The CFN Business targets the legal cannabis industry. According to Grand View Research, the global cannabis industry is expected to reach 146.4 billion by 2025, driven by the legalization of medical and adult-use cannabis across a growing number of jurisdictions. According to the Marijuana Index, there are approximately 400 public companies involved in the cannabis industry, which represents the primary target market of the CFN Business. The CFN Business services are designed to help private companies prepare to go public and public companies grow their shareholder base through sponsored content and marketing outreach. The success of the CFN Business depends on the legal status of cannabis, investor demand for cannabis investments, and numerous other external factors. 
 
 The CFN Business competes with other public relations firms for clients, as well as online publishers for investors. Public relations competition includes investor awareness firms like Stockhouse Publishing, Catalyst Xchange, Stonebridge Partners and Midan Ventures. Online publisher competition includes firms like New Cannabis Ventures, Leafly and High Times. The CFN Business is regulated by rules established by the SEC, FINRA, and certain federal and state cannabis regulations. 
 
 18 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following are the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Net revenues 
 
 4,317,490 
 
 3,157,783 
 
 1,159,707 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 
 6,512,109 
 
 3,539,636 
 
 2,972,473 

Gross profit (loss) 
 
 (2,194,619) 
 
 (381,853) 
 
 (1,812,766) 

Operating expenses: 

Impairment expense 
 
 3,615,961 
 
 9,355,657 
 
 (5,739,696) 

Selling, general and administrative 
 
 2,641,842 
 
 2,691,258 
 
 (49,416) 

Total operating expenses 
 
 6,257,802 
 
 12,046,915 
 
 (5,789,113) 

Loss from operations 
 
 (8,452,422) 
 
 (12,428,768) 
 
 3,976,346 

Other income (expense): 

Loss on conversion of debt 
 
 (563,220) 
 
 - 
 
 (563,220) 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 
 
 (46,516) 
 
 (45,658) 
 
 (858) 

Impairment of investments 
 
 (200,000) 
 
 - 
 
 (200,000) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 (172,500) 
 
 172,500 

SBA PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 526,000 
 
 (526,000) 

Interest expense 
 
 (694,380) 
 
 (93,170) 
 
 (601,210) 

Interest income 
 
 113 
 
 10,011 
 
 (9,898) 

Other income 
 
 34,206 
 
 - 
 
 34,206 

Total other income (expense), net 
 
 (1,469,797) 
 
 224,683 
 
 (1,694,480) 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

(9,922,219) 
 
 (12,204,085) 
 
 2,281,866 

Net Revenues 
 
 The Company s revenues are generated from the sale of promotional service packages to customers ranging from 3 to 6 months. The Company offers different packages tailored to the type and stage of the potential customer, such as public companies looking to increase their shareholder base, as well as private companies potentially looking to go public and attract capital and publicity. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company realized 366,000 of campaign revenue compared to 684,000 for the same period in the prior year. 
 
 The Company s subsidiary CNP Operating generated revenue of 3.9 and 3.0 million, respectively from the sale of products produced from hemp material and manufactured into CBD distillate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Our revenue for 2022 and 2021 also included 96,706 and 58,629, respectively, relating to sales of product from our e-commerce network focused on the sale of general wellness CBD products for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Costs of Revenue 
 
 The costs of revenue consist primarily of labor, fees paid for production of content for clients and the costs of placement of the content on various platforms. In 2022, the contracts required more production services and related labor than the contracts in 2021. As a result, the cost of revenue in 2022 was higher as a percentage of the revenue recognized during the year. 
 19 

The Company s cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 were higher than those in the corresponding year in 2021 due largely to the acquisition of CNP Operating in August 2021. CNP cost of revenue was approximately 6.5 million in 2022, which primarily represents the cost of hemp material, manufacturing material such as solvent, fuel and equipment depreciation. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 The Company s operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were lower than those in the corresponding year in 2021 due to cost-cutting measures and the decreased operations of CNP during 2022. In 2022, the Company recorded 3.6 million in impairment of property and equipment and right of use assets, and in 2021 the Company wrote off goodwill of 9.3 million. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Other income (expense) was 1.3) million in 2022 compared to 0.2 million in 2021. This was due to a loss on conversion of debt of 563,220, impairment of investments of 200,000 and interest expense of 694,380 in 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 12,474 in unrestricted cash and 4,066,587 in notes payable. 
 
 The Company had a working capital deficit of 8,802,958 and an accumulated deficit of 58,996,099 as of December 31, 2022. The Company also had a net loss of 9,922,219 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s plan to continue as a going concern includes raising capital in the form of debt or equity, growing its existing business acquired under the Emerging Growth Agreement, managing and reducing operating and overhead costs and continuing to pursue strategic transactions and opportunities including launching an e-commerce network focused on the sale of general wellness CBD, products. 
 
 These matters, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The following is a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 
 
 (1,418,850) 
 
 (344,214) 
 
 Net cash used in (provided by) investing activities 
 
 (339,655) 
 
 22,885 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities 
 
 1,601,078 
 
 331,243 

Net cash used in operating activities was 1,418,850 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 344,214 during the same period in 2021. The increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by a lower net loss in 2022. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 339,665 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with cash provided in investing activities of 22,885 during the same period in 2021. In 2022, cash used in investing activities was due to purchases of property and equipment. In 2021, net cash provided by investing activities was due to CNP cash acquired. In 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was due to purchase of property and equipment. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 1,601,078 for the year ended December 31, 2022, was the result of proceeds from net advances from related parties 7,995, the sale of common stock for 410,000, promissory notes of 1,233,000 and payment of notes payable of 49,917. In 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 331,243 
 20 
 
 for the year ended December 31, 2021 was the result of proceeds from a second PPP loan of 411,894, the sale of common stock for 10,000 and the exercise of 50,000 of warrants. 
 
 Description of Indebtedness 
 
 On September 10, 2019, the Company entered into a promissory note payable whereby the Company borrowed 500,000 bearing interest at 8 per annum. Interest on the note is payable quarterly on the first business day of December, March, June and September commencing December 1, 2019. In May 2021, the Company and the holder of the promissory note reached an agreement to extend the maturity date of the note from September 30, 2022 to September 30, 2024. In connection with the extension, the Company issued 160,000 shares of its common stock to the noteholder in lieu of 40,000 of interest accrued and accruing on the promissory note through December 31, 2022. 
 
 In connection with the promissory note on September 10, 2019, the Company issued warrants to purchase 33,333 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 1.50 per share. The warrants were exercised on June 30, 2021 and the Company received 50,000. The note was discounted by 17,624 allocated from the valuation of the warrants issued. The discount recorded on the note is being amortized as interest expense through the maturity date. As of December 31, 2022, the net book value of the promissory note amounted to 500,000, including the principal amount of 50,000 which was fully amortized. 
 
 On October 28, 2019, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating entered into a promissory note payable with Complete Business Solutions Group, Inc CBSG whereby the Company borrowed 3,050,000. The outstanding balance of the note was 2,218,000 at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company reversed 1,312,080 previously recorded to additional paid-in capital in 2022 to reflect the outstanding principal of 2,218,000. The note is currently in default and personally guaranteed by Anthony Zingarelli. 
 
 On September 30, 2019, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating entered into a promissory note payable with Eagle Six Consultants, Inc. Eagle whereby the Company borrowed 550,000 bearing interest at 16 per annum. The outstanding balance of the note was 302,489 at December 31, 2022. The note is currently in default. 
 
 On May 6, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note, or the Note, with Pacific Western Bank, evidencing an unsecured loan, or the Loan, in the amount of 263,000 made to the Company under the Paycheck Protection Program, or the PPP. The interest rate on the Loan is 1.0 per annum. The Note matured on May 6, 2022. The Company has applied for full forgiveness of the amounts due under the Note and received forgiveness during the year ended 2021. 
 
 On June 24, 2020, the Company entered into a Loan Authorization and Agreement with the SBA under which the Company borrowed 150,000 and issued to the SBA a note and security agreement for the amount borrowed. Outstanding borrowings accrue interest at a rate of 3.75 per annum, and installment payments, including principal and interest, of 731 are due monthly and begin 12 months from the date of the loan agreement. The balance of any remaining principal and interest is due 30 years from the date of the loan agreement. As collateral for the borrowing, the Company granted the SBA a security interest in substantially all assets of the Company. 
 
 On February 25, 2021, the Company entered into a secondary promissory note, or the Second PPP Note, with Pacific Western Bank, evidencing an unsecured loan, or the Second Loan, in the amount of 263,000 made to the Company under the PPP. The interest rate on the Loan is 1.0 per annum. The Note matures on May 6, 2022. The Company applied for full forgiveness of the amounts due under the Note and received forgiveness in February 2022 therefore the company has recorded the forgiveness as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 On May 12, 2021, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating restructured the CSBG note payable of 2,957,000, the Eagle #1 note payable of 550,000 and the Eagle #2 note payable of 300,000 by entering into a payment and indemnification agreement with the receivers/trustee of CBSG and Eagle. The receiver has agreed that the balance of the outstanding amounts will be paid over the course of 24 months in equal payments of 158,625. Further, the Company shall pay 20,000 per month toward the balance and Anthony Zingarelli Zingarelli and Colorado Sky Industrial Supply LLC CSIS ), agree to personally pay the sum of 138,625 per month. Zingarelli is the only member of CNP Operating that signed a personal guarantee on the loans and Zingarelli is the sole member of CSIS. Zingarelli and CSIS has agreed to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any and all losses, liabilities and claims. If a loss is incurred by the Company with respect to any claims, Zingarelli shall reimburse the Company for 
 21 
 
 the amount of any such loss. The Company has recorded the Zingarelli payments during the period as contributions to additional paid in capital through December 31, 2021. This note is currently in default. 
 
 On November 19, 2020, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating purchased equipment for 58,095 which was financed at zero interest rate. The monthly payments of 968 will be made for the next 60 months and mature on November 19, 2025. Imputed interest was not material. The outstanding balance of the note was 34,892 at December 31, 2022. In 2022, CNP purchased equipment for 55,016 which was financed at zero interest rate with the same lender with similar terms. The outstanding balance of the note was 48,513 at December 31, 2022, and was fully repaid in 2023. 
 
 On October 19, 2021, the Company borrowed 250,000 from a lender and issued a promissory note for the repayment of the amount borrowed. The promissory note is unsecured, has a maturity date of December 31, 2024 and all principal is due upon maturity. The amount borrowed accrues interest at 12 per annum and accrued interest is payable monthly commencing on December 1, 2021. The promissory note contains customary events of default permitting acceleration of repayment for nonpayment of amounts due, a bankruptcy related proceeding, breach of representations or covenants, sale of substantially all assets, and change of control. 
 
 On April 8, 2022, the Company entered into two promissory notes for aggregate proceeds of 676,000. The promissory note is unsecured, has a maturity date of April 30, 2024 and all principal is due upon maturity. The notes bear interest at 18 per annum and accrued interest is payable monthly commencing on August 1, 2022. In connection with the notes, the Company granted 676,000 warrants to the lenders with an exercise price of 1.00 per share. The warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes model and determined a fair value of 302,537, which was recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the notes. 
 
 On October 4, 2022, the Company converted the entire 676,000 in principal and 50,700 in accrued interest on its convertible notes into an aggregate of 2,906,800 shares of common stock. As a result of the conversion, the Company recorded a loss on conversion of 571,220. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company fully amortized the 302,537 debt discount. 
 
 On May 11, 2022, the Company s subsidiary, CFN Real Estate II, LLC, entered into a promissory note with a lender for the repayment of 500,000 in connection with the 500,000 refinancing of the Company s property located in Wray, Colorado. The company received the proceeds from the refinancing on May 16, 2022. Accrued interest at the rate of 12 is payable monthly commencing on June 15, 2022, and the principal of the promissory note is payable upon maturity on June 15, 2024. The lender received a security interest in the property and equipment contained therein as collateral for the promissory note. The promissory note contains customary events of default and other conditions. 
 
 Future scheduled maturities of long-term debt are as follows. 

December 31, 
 2022 
 
 2023 
 
 3,088,250 
 
 2024 
 
 793,585 
 
 2025 
 
 43,585 
 
 2026 
 
 27,263 
 
 2027 
 
 12,507 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 101,396 

4,066,587 

The aggregate current portion of long-term debt as of December 31, 2022 amounted is 3,088,250, which represents the contractual principal payments due in the next 12 months period as well as any notes in default. 
 
 22 

Obligations Under Preferred Stock 
 
 On June 20, 2019, existing debtholders were issued an aggregate of 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, each with a stated value per share of 1,000, as conversion of 500,000 worth of outstanding promissory notes. The Series A Preferred Stock bears interest at 12 per annum, and is convertible into our common stock at the election of the holder at a conversion price per share to be mutually agreed between us and the holder in the future, and be redeemable at our option following the third year after issuance, without voting rights or a liquidation preference. 
 
 On June 20, 2019, we issued 3,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, each with a stated value of 1,000 per share, to Emerging Growth, LLC as part of the Emerging Growth Agreement. The aggregate fair value of 687,000 was recorded as part of the acquisition price of the net assets acquired from Emerging Growth, LLC. The Series B Preferred Stock bears interest at 6 per annum and is convertible into our common stock at the election of Emerging Growth, LLC at a conversion price per share to be mutually agreed between us and Emerging Growth, LLC in the future, without voting rights or a liquidation preference, except with respect to accrued penalty interest. 
 
 Other outstanding obligations at December 31, 2022 
 
 Warrants 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 988,500 shares of our common stock are issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants. 
 
 Options 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, no shares of our common stock are issuable pursuant to the exercise of options. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 In March 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the outbreak has become increasingly widespread in the United States, including each of the areas in which we operate. While to date we have not been required to stop operating, COVID-19 has had and is expected to continue to have an adverse effect on the financial condition of us and our customers. The outbreak of COVID-19 in the U.S. has had an unfavorable impact on our business operations. Our main customer market suffered its worst decline, decreasing our revenue. Mandatory closures of businesses imposed by the federal, state and local governments to control the spread of the virus is disrupting the operations of our management, business and finance teams. In addition, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected the U.S. economy and financial markets, which may result in a long-term economic downturn that could negatively affect future performance. We took steps to diversify our revenue model by creating our CBD ecommerce business which has higher margins during the second half of 2020 and reduce our costs. The extent to which COVID-19 will impact our business and our consolidated financial results further will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, but may result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Climate Change 
 
 Our opinion is that neither climate change, nor governmental regulations related to climate change, have had, or are expected to have, any material effect on our operations. 
 
 23 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 The Company s account receivables are due from sales billed to customers. The Company also maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of the Company s customers to make payments. The Company periodically reviews these estimated allowances, including an analysis of the customers payment history and creditworthiness, the age of the trade receivable balances and current economic conditions that may affect a customer s ability to make payments as well as historical collection trends for its customers as a whole. Based on this review, the Company specifically reserves for those accounts deemed uncollectible or likely to become uncollectible. When receivables are determined to be uncollectible, principal amounts of such receivables outstanding are deducted from the allowance. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 606, the core principle of which is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, five basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation. 
 
 Subsequent to the closing of the Emerging Growth Agreement on June 20, 2019, the Company s revenue is generated from the sale of promotional service packages to its customers ranging from 3 to 6 months. The Company offers different packages tailored to the type and stage of the potential customer, such as public companies looking to increase their shareholder base, as well as private companies potentially looking to go public and attract capital and publicity. The services provided by the Company include advertising, publishing of interviews and articles across its network and featuring of client content on its newsletters and social media. The packages all have fixed prices that are billed monthly over the terms of the agreement in even amounts. The Company recognizes revenue for its performance obligation associated with its contracts with customers over time as work is performed, which is deemed to occur evenly throughout the duration of the contract. This also reflects the pattern in which costs are incurred on performing the contracts. To the extent revenue recognized on contracts at each period end exceeds collections, the amounts are reflected as accounts receivable. To the extent collections on contracts at each period end exceeds revenue recognized, the amounts are reflected as deferred revenue. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized, but no less than quarterly. 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 Property and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of five years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. 
 
 24 

Goodwill 
 
 The Company s goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over tangible and intangible assets acquired, less liabilities assumed arising from business acquisitions. Goodwill is not amortized, but is reviewed for potential impairment on an annual basis at the reporting unit level. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 
 In accordance with ASC 360-10, the Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their net book value may not be recoverable. When such factors and circumstances exist, the Company compares the projected undiscounted future cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their estimated useful lives against their respective carrying amount. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value, based on market value when available, or discounted expected cash flows, of those assets and is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. 
 
 Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share 
 
 Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing income available to stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of common and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common share equivalents consist of shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options, warrants and preferred stock (calculated using the modified-treasury stock method. 
 
 Share-Based Payment 
 
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation, or ASC 718. Under the fair value recognition provisions of this topic, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period. 
 
 The Company has elected to use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its options, which incorporates various subjective assumptions including volatility, risk-free interest rate, expected life, and dividend yield to calculate the fair value of stock option awards. Compensation expense recognized in the statements of operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and reflects estimated forfeitures. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
 
 Common stock awards 
 
 The Company has granted common stock awards to non-employees in exchange for services provided. The Company measures the fair value of these awards using the fair value of the services provided or the fair value of the awards granted. The fair value of the awards is recognized on a straight-line basis as services are rendered. The share-based payments related to common stock awards for the settlement of services provided by non-employees is recorded on the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss in the same manner and charged to the same account as if such settlements had been made in cash. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 In connection with certain financing, consulting and collaboration arrangements, the Company has issued warrants to purchase shares of its common stock. The outstanding warrants are standalone instruments that are not puttable or mandatorily redeemable by the holder and are classified as equity awards. The Company measures the fair value of the awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of the measurement date. Warrants are recorded at fair value as expense over the requisite service period or at the date of issuance, if there is not a service period. 
 
 25 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 The information required by this item is included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer), we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this report). 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rule of the SEC, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) developed by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Auditor Attestation 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, in order to remediate the segregation of duties and other deficiencies, we hired accounting consultants to perform our account reconciliations and other day-to-day accounting requirements. The internal control structure was also documented and assessed in the areas of financial reporting and disclosure controls as it relates to our continuing operations. In addition, we revised and improved the use of our systems for getting appropriate approvals for purchases and other activities that require authorization. However, our ability to file 
 26 
 
 timely reports is heavily dependent on having the necessary financial resources to pay consultants and other service providers involved with performing key elements of our disclosure and financial reporting controls. As a result, we have assessed our disclosure controls and controls over financial reporting as ineffective. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Given the timing of events, the following information is included in this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement of Form 8-K in lieu of filing a Form 8-K. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The following table sets forth the names, ages and principal position of our executive officers and directors as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Brian Ross 
 
 48 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Vince Kandis 
 
 63 
 
 President of CNP Operating 
 
 Spiro Kandis 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Product Officer of CNP Operating 
 
 Mario Marsillo, Jr. 
 
 54 
 
 Director, Chief Investment Officer 

Brian Ross. Mr. Ross has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and director since November 2005, and as our Chairman of the Board since March 2013. He previously served as Senior Vice President of Business Development for iMall, Inc. from 1994 and became Director of Investor Relations in June 1997. iMall, Inc. was acquired by Excite@Home in October 1999. Mr. Ross then served as a Business Development Manager in Excite@Home s E-Business Services Group until December 1999. After the sale of iMall, Mr. Ross was a founding investor of GreatDomains Inc. which was sold in October 2000 to Verisign. Between 2000 and 2003, he was Director of Business Development for Prime Ventures Inc., a leading Venture Partner firm focusing on early stage companies in Southern California. In July 2004, Mr. Ross became a founding investor in E-force Media, a diversified online marketing company where he acted as interim Director of Business Development. Mr. Ross attended UC Santa Barbara. 
 
 We believe that Mr. Ross is qualified to serve as a director for the following reasons: Mr. Ross, who is one of our founders, is an Internet industry veteran with over two decades of experience. He has been our Chief Executive Officer for more than ten years and he has a proven track record with the aforementioned companies, which were all operating in online marketing solutions and e-commerce. Additionally, Mr. Ross has played an important role in the development and growth of various Internet companies, taking them from start-up companies through the various stages of their growth cycle. 
 
 Vince Kandis . Mr. Kandis has served as President of CNP Operating since August 2021 and was President of CNP Operating prior to the acquisition by the Company. Before its merging with CNP Operating in 2019, Mr. Kandis was the President of Sidnak Solutions, a fully integrated CBD company, from January 2017. Until November 2019, Mr. Kandis was a veteran senior executive of Spectrum Distribution Marketing, having over 30 years of experience in direct response marketing. Mr. Kandis and Spectrum are best known for the inspiration behind Hydroderm, Vyotech Sports Nutrition, the Hollywood Diet, Celebrity diet and many more. Mr. Kandis studied business marketing at Brigham Young University. On February 13, 2023, Vince Kandis, the President of CNP Operating, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of CFN Enterprises Inc., resigned from his position. 
 
 Spiro Kandis , Mr. Kandis has served as Chief Product Officer of CNP Operating since August 2021 and was Chief Product Officer of CNP Operating prior to the acquisition by the Company. Before its merging with CNP Operating in 2019, Mr. Kandis was the CEO of Sidnak Solutions, a fully integrated CBD company, from January 2017. Until November 2019, Mr. Kandis was the primary spokesperson for Experimental Applied Sciences (EAS), the largest sports nutrition company in the world at the time. Mr. Kandis has been involved in sports nutrition and direct response marketing for over 30 years and is best known for his involvement and creation of Hydroderm, Vyotech 
 27 
 
 Sports Nutrition Vitalatrim and many more. Mr. Kandis studied sports medicine at Colorado State University. On November 4, 2022, Spiro Kandis resigned from his position. 
 
 Mario Marsillo Jr. Mr. Marsillo has been a director since April 2014 our Director of Corp Development since August 1, 2019 until August 2021, and our Chief Investment Officer since August 2021. Mr. Marsillo was until June 30, 2019 the Managing Director of Private Equity for Network 1 Financial Securities Inc., or Network 1, a New Jersey based FINRA member firm offering a wide array of investment banking services and has been with Network 1 since 2010. Prior to his association with Network 1, Mr. Marsillo acquired Skyebanc, Inc., a registered broker dealer, with a specialty towards private equity, and served as its Vice President of Private Equity and Business Development. Mr. Marsillo currently holds the Series 7, 63 79, and 24 FINRA qualifying examinations. Mr. Marsillo attended the City University of New York. 
 
 We believe Mr. Marsillo is qualified to serve as a director because Mr. Marsillo is a sophisticated businessman with investment banking and private equity experience, was an early investor in us and has previously assisted us in raising capital. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct Ethics that applies to the registrant s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We will provide a copy of our Code of Ethics, free of charge, upon request. 
 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 
 Our Board of Directors has not yet established any committees, including an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee or a Nominating Committee. The typical functions of such committees are currently being undertaken by our Board of Directors. 
 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 Currently no member of our Board of Directors is an audit committee financial expert. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the last two completed fiscal years, all compensation paid, distributed or accrued for services rendered to us by (i) all individuals serving as our principal executive officer or acting in a similar capacity during the last completed fiscal year, regardless of compensation level; and (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers, other than the principal executive officer, who were serving as executive officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year and whose total compensation exceeded 100,000: 
 
 28 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock Awards 

Option Awards ) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 

All Other Compensation ) (1) 

Total ) 

Brian Ross, 
 
 2022 

92,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

92,000 

Chief Executive Officer (3) 
 
 2021 

146,679 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

146,679 

Vince Kandis, President of CNP Operating (2) (3) 
 
 2022 

175,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

175,000 

Spiro Kandis, Chief Product Officer of CNP Operating (1) (3) 
 
 2022 

175,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

175,000 

Mario Marsillo, Chief Investment Officer (3) 
 
 2022 

100,042 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

100,042 

2021 

127,166 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

127,166 

(1) Resigned effective November 4, 2022. 
 (2) Resigned effective February 13, 2023. 
 (3) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Ross and Mr. Marsillo deferred a portion of their salaries. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Vince Kandis and Spiro Kandis deferred a portion of their salaries. 
 
 If we elect to terminate the employment of any of the officers listed above without cause during the term of his respective employment agreement as described below, each shall be entitled to a severance payment of the greater of the remaining payments due on the term of the agreement or an annual base salary of one year, and all unvested options, bonuses and other compensation shall vest on the date of termination. 
 
 Employment Agreements 
 
 We have written employment agreements with all of our employees. The main terms of the executive employment agreements of Brian Ross, our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Vince Kandis, President of CNP Operating, and Spiro Kandis, Chief Product Officer of CNP Operating, are summarized below. 
 
 29 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company entered into new employment agreements with Brian Ross, Vince Kandis, and Spiro Kandis, (the Employment Agreements ), each effective until December 31, 2026. Under the Employment Agreements, Brian Ross, Vince Kandis and Spiro Kandis will each be paid an annual base salary of 300,000. Each officer is entitled to an annual raise of three percent and additional annual raises and bonuses at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, such bonuses not to exceed 100 of each officer s annual base salary. Each officer is also entitled to other benefits including reimbursement for reasonable business expenses and payment towards health insurance premiums. Each Employment Agreement contains customary confidentiality and assignment of work product provisions and may be terminated by the Company without cause upon 30-days prior written notice. If the Company elects to terminate an Employment Agreement without cause during the term, such officer shall be entitled to a severance payment of the greater of the remaining payments under the Employment Agreement or an annual base salary of one year. If terminated by the officer or for cause, the officer is entitled to amounts accrued through the date of termination. As of the date of this Report, Spiro Kandis and Vince Kandis have resigned from their positions. 
 
 Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 
 
 There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive stock options at the discretion of our Board in the future. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 
 None. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 There was no separate director s compensation paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Ross and Mr. Marsillo, Jr. are compensated as our officers. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 37,690,664 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. The following, table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of April 17, 2023 (40,090,664 shares outstanding as of April 17, 2023) by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our Common Stock; 

our directors; 

each of our executive officers named in the compensation tables in Item 11; and 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Common Stock 

# of Shares 
 
 of Class 
 
 Name 

Brian Ross (1) 

658,144 
 
 1.6 
 
 Mario Marsillo Jr. 

91,982 
 
 0.2 
 
 Anthony Zingarelli (2) 

8,047,600 
 
 20.1 
 
 Isaac Shehebar (2) (3) 

8,701,847 
 
 21.7 
 
 Eddie Chehebar (3) 

3,689,847 
 
 9.2 
 
 Emerging Growth LLC 

2,436,667 
 
 6.1 
 
 All current officers and directors as a group (2 persons) 

750,126 
 
 1.9 

(1) 
 Includes 1,000 warrants vested held by Mr. Ross spouse. Mr. Ross disclaims beneficial ownership of the 1,000 warrants vested except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

30 

(2) 
 Affiliate with a greater than 10 ownership. 

(3) 
 Includes 338,000 warrants to purchase common stock. 

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Related Person Transactions 
 
 None. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 As our Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace, we are not subject to the rules of any national securities exchange which require that a majority of a listed company s directors and specified committees of the Board of Directors meet independence standards prescribed by such rules. We believe that none of our directors would qualify as independent if we were subject to the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The following table summarizes the fees of RBSM LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm billed for each of the last two fiscal years for audit services and other services: 
 
 Fee Category 
 
 2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (1) 

136,000 

135,000 

Tax Fees (2) 

12,500 

15,000 

Total Fees 

148,500 

150,000 

(1) Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our Form 10-K, review of our interim financial statements included in our Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 (2) Consists of fees billed for professional services for our tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 
 We do not have an Audit Committee. Our Board of Directors pre-approves all auditing services and permissible non-audit services provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firm. All fees listed above were pre-approved in accordance with this policy. 
 
 31 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 a. 
 Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 - F-23 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions, or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. 
 
 32 

b. 
 Exhibits 

EXHIBIT 
 NO. 

DESCRIPTION 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 15, 2019, by and between Accelerize Inc. and CAKE Software Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 20, 2019). 

3.1 
 
 Composite Copy of Certificate of Incorporation, as amended as of October 10, 2014, February 4, 2019, October 22, 2019, and December 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 16, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of 10 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on December 22, 2006). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of 8 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed on August 13, 2007). 

3.4 
 
 By-laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on December 22, 2006). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of 8 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2012). 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2019). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2019). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on December 22, 2006). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Stock issued on June 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2016). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Stock issued November 29, 2016 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2016). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Stock issued on August 14, 2017 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2017). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Stock issued on September 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2019). 

10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 25, 2021 between CFN Enterprises Inc. and Brian Ross (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2022). 

33 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 25, 2021 between CFN Enterprises Inc. and Vince Kandis (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 25, 2021 between CFN Enterprises Inc. and Spiro Kandis (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 25, 2021 between CFN Enterprises Inc. and Mario Marsillo, Jr. (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2022). 

10.5 
 
 Accelerize New Media, Inc. Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on December 22, 2006). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on December 22, 2006). 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Accelerize New Media, Inc. Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2011). 

10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Accelerize New Media, Inc. Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2011). 

10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Accelerize New Media, Inc. Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2012). 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Accelerize New Media, Inc. Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2012). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2015). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2015). 

10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement entered into on July 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2016). 

10.14 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement entered into on July 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2017). 

10.15 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement entered into on July 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2018). 

10.16 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued on September 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2019). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued on May 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 15, 2020). 

10.18 
 
 Loan Authorization and Agreement between the U.S. Small Business Administration and CFN Enterprises Inc., dated June 24, 2020, and forms of related Promissory Note and Security Agreement issued by CFN Enterprises Inc. on June 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 30, 2020). 

10.19 
 
 Form of Commercial Lease Agreement dated August 5, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020). 

34 

10.20 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued on February 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2021). 

10.21 
 
 Lease Agreement dated March 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued on October 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 22, 2021). 

10.23 
 
 Lease Agreement (with option to purchase) dated December 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2021). 

10.24 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued on April 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.25 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement with Kind Roots Botanicals, LLC, dated April 15, 2022(incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.26 
 
 Form of Promissory Note entered on May 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.27 
 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated August, 2022, by and between H2S2 LLC and CFN Real Estate LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022). 

10.28 
 
 Lease Agreement dated April 12, 2023 for Emerging Growth, LLC and CFN Enterprises, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of RBSM LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification. 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.1 
 
 The following materials from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) related notes to these financial statements. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 35 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CFN ENTERPRISES INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Brian Ross 

Brian Ross 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

By: /s/ Brian Ross 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President and 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Brian Ross 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal executive officer, principal financial officer and 
 principal accounting officer) 

By: /s/ Mario Marsillo Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Mario Marsillo Jr. 

36 

CFN ENTERPRISES INC. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules are included on the pages indicated: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 - F-23 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and 
 
 Stockholders of CFN Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of CFN Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 The Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and will require additional capital to continue as a going concern. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 F-2 

Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 PCAOB ID: 

F-3 

CFN ENTERPSISES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Investments, at cost 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset 

Other assets 

Assets held for sale 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Payments made in advance of securities date 

Due to related party 

Deferred revenue 

Current portion of notes payable 

Current portion of right of use liability 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Right of use liability 

Long-term note payable, net of current portion and discounts 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' deficit: 

Series A preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series B preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders' deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-4 

CFN ENTERPRISES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net revenues 

Cost of revenue 

Gross loss 

) 
 
 ) 

Operating expenses: 

Impairment expense 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

) 
 
 ) 

Other income (expense): 

Loss on conversion of debt 

) 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

) 
 
 ) 

Impairment of investments 

) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

) 

SBA PPP loan forgiveness 

Interest expense 

) 
 
 ) 

Interest income 

Other income 

Total other income (expense), net 

) 

Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Preferred stock interest 

Net loss available to common shareholders 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net loss available to CFN Enterprises common shareholders 

) 
 
 ) 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

) 
 
 ) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - 

basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

CFN ENTERPRISES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Series A 
 
 Series B 

Common 
 
 Additional 

Total 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Non-controlling 

Stockholders' 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Issuable 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Interest 

Deficit 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

) 

) 
 
 Shares issued as payment for accrued interest 

Non-controlling interest contribution 

Issuance of common stock for interest 

) 

Shares issued as exercise of warrant 

Payment of CSIS debt by shareholder 

Issuance of common stock for CNP 

Shares issued as for exercise of warrant 

) 

Preferred stock interest 

) 

) 
 
 Net loss 

) 

) 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2021 

) 

) 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment with common stock 

Issuance of common stock for proceeds 

Shares issued pursuant to conversion of debt 

Shares issued as payment of accrued interest 

Warrants issued with promissory notes 

Preferred stock interest 

) 

) 
 
 Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2022 

) 

) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

CFN ENTERPRISES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on conversion of debt 

Amortization of debt discount 

Unrealized loss (gain) on marketable securities 

Impairment of property and equipment and right of use assets 

Amortization of right of use asset 

Impairment of investments 

Bad debt expense 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 ) 

Impairment of long-term asset 

Forgiveness of SBA PPP loan 

) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 ) 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 
 ) 

Payments made in advance of securities date 

Right of use liability 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment, net 
 
 ) 

Payments for investment 

) 
 
 Cash acquired in acquisition of CNP operating, LLC 

Net cash used in (provided by) investing activities 
 
 ) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net advances from related parties 

Proceeds from promissory note 

Payments of note payable 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from warrant exercised 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 ) 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period 

Reconciliation of cash and restricted cash: 

Cash at beginning of period 

Restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Restricted cash at end of period 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Accrual of preferred stock interest 

Purchase of property and equipment with common stock 

Purchase of equipment with notes payable 

Settlement of accounts payable with sale of equipment 

Warrants issued with promissory notes 

Payment of CSIS debt by shareholder 

Issuance of common stock sold in previous year 

Investments received for services 

Issuance common stock for acquisition of CNP Operating, LLC 

Right of use asset 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 
 
 CFN ENTERPRISES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, and shares of Series B preferred stock with a total stated value of which bears interest at 6 per annum and is convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion price to be mutually agreed in the future, without voting rights or a liquidation preference except with respect to default interest. The securities were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The closing of the purchase of the assets pursuant to the Emerging Growth Agreement occurred on June 20, 2019. 
 
 The Company s operations consist of the sponsored content and marketing business from the assets acquired pursuant to the Emerging Growth Agreement. 
 
 On January 22, 2021, the Company invested 35,000 in a new joint venture focused on sponsored content and marketing called East West Asset Management or East West. East West was formed as a Limited Liability Company in the State of Nevada on November 13, 2020. CFN owns 50 of the entity and one of its officers holds the title of Member Manager in East West. The Company has concluded that East West is a variable interest entity in accordance with applicable accounting standards and guidance. As such, the accounts and results of East West have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 On August 23, 2021, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with CNP Operating, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, or CNP Operating, and the owners of all of the equity interests of CNP Operating, or the Owners, whereby the Company acquired 100 of CNP Operating from the Owners in exchange for an aggregate of 354 million shares of the Company s common stock. The securities were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On August 25, 2021, the transaction was closed and CNP Operating became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 CNP Operating is a leading cannabidiol, or CBD, manufacturer vertically integrated with a 360 degree approach to the processing of high quality CBD products designed for growers, pharmaceutical, wellness providers, and retailers needs. CNP Operating provide toll processing services which includes; extraction, distillation, remediation, isolation and chromatography. CNP Operating has a professional, organized and dedicated team with 30 years of combined experience. CNP Operating s state of the art facility, ISO compliant, has 30,000 square feet filled with proprietary technology distillation equipment, in house lab testing, distribution warehouse and white labelling product formulation and design. 
 
 On December 6, 2021, we effected a reverse split of our outstanding common stock in the ratio of 1-for-15, or the Reverse Stock Split. All share amounts retrospectively reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which implies the Company will continue to meet its obligations for the next 12 months as of the date these financial statements are issued. 
 
 The Company had a working capital deficit of and an accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022. The Company also had a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-8 

and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized in bad debt expense. 
 F-9 

. 
 
 . From time-to-time, the Company s bank balances exceed the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institutions, the Company periodically evaluates the credit quality of the financial institution in which it holds deposits. 

F-10 

and , respectively. 

during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the impairment of goodwill acquired from the CNP Operating Agreement. 
 
 interest in the outstanding stock of a privately held company for . As the stock has no readily determinable fair value, the Company accounts for this stock received using the cost method, less adjustments for impairment. At each reporting period, management reviews the status of the investment to determine if any indicators of impairment have occurred. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge of , which was included in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the value of the investment was . 
 F-11 
 
 to record the estimated residual value of the property and equipment. Additionally, the Company recorded an impairment charge of pertaining to CNP s right of use asset. 

outstanding stock options, outstanding warrants and 3,500 shares of preferred stock which were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their effects were anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding stock options and outstanding warrants and 3,500 shares of preferred stock which were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their effects were anti-dilutive. As a result, the basic and diluted earnings per share are the same for each of the periods presented. 

F-12 

and , respectively. 
 
 The Company elected the practical expedient method permitted under the transition guidance, which allows a carryforward of historical lease classification, the assessment on whether a contract was or contains a lease, and the initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to July 1, 2019. The Company also elected to recognize the associated lease payments in the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 Under Topic 842, the Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. For this purpose, the Company considers only payments that are fixed and determinable at the time of commencement and leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not included in lease liabilities or ROU asset. As most leases do not provide an implicit rate, a rate which approximates the Company s incremental borrowing rate is used, based on the information available at commencement date, in determining the present value of lease payments. The ROU asset also includes any lease payments made prior to commencement and is recorded net of any lease incentives received. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such options. Lease agreements may contain variable costs such as common area maintenance, insurance, real estate taxes or other costs. Variable lease costs are expensed as incurred. Lease agreements generally do not contain residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. Over the lease term, the Company uses the effective interest rate method to account for the lease liability as lease payments are made and the ROU asset is amortized in a manner that results in straight-line expense recognition. 

Furniture and equipment and leasehold improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 ) 
 
 ) 

On April 29, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the closing of the purchase of property and equipment in Wray, Colorado, by the Company s subsidiary CFN Real Estate II, LLC. The total purchase price of the property was or 0.70 per share. The Company allocated to the building, to the land and to the equipment purchased. The property was reclassified to assets held for sale at December 31, 2022 (see Note 8). 
 
 In June 2022, CNP sold equipment with a value of for settlement of accounts payable of 300,000. Accordingly, the Company recorded a gain on the sale, which is included in the impairment expense. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, management determined that certain events and circumstances occurred that indicated that the net book value of CNP s long-lived assets may not be recoverable. As such, the Company recorded an impairment charge of to record the estimated residual value of the property and equipment, which was determined to 
 F-13 
 
 in accumulated depreciation pertaining to CNP s property and equipment. 
 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

Additions 

Sale of marketable securities 

Change in fair value 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance, end of period 

The Company accounts for its investments in equity securities in accordance with ASC 321-10 Investments - Equity Securities. The equity securities may be classified into two categories and accounted for as follows: 

Equity securities with a readily determinable fair value are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. Any dividends received are recorded in interest income, the fair value of equity investments with fair values is primarily obtained from third-party pricing services. 

Equity securities without a readily determinable fair value are reported at their cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer and their impact on fair value. Any dividends received are recorded in interest income. For equity investments without readily determinable fair values, when an orderly transaction for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer is identified, we use the valuation techniques permitted under ASC 820 Fair Value Measurement to evaluate the observed transaction(s) and adjust the fair value of the equity investment 

F-14 

bearing interest at per annum. Interest on the note is payable quarterly on the first business day of December, March, June and September commencing December 1, 2019. In May 2021, the Company and the holder of the promissory note reached an agreement to extend the maturity date of the note from September 30, 2022 to September 30, 2024. In connection with the extension, the Company issued 160,000 shares of its common stock to the noteholder in lieu of 40,000 of interest accrued and accruing on the promissory note through December 31, 2022. In 2022, the maturity date was extended to 2024. 
 
 In connection with the promissory note on September 10, 2019, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants were exercised on June 30, 2021 and the Company received 50,000. The note was discounted by allocated from the valuation of the warrants issued. The discount recorded on the note is being amortized as interest expense through the maturity date. As of December 31, 2022, the net book value of the promissory note amounted to , including the principal amount of which was fully amortized. 
 
 On October 28, 2019, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating entered into a promissory note payable with Complete Business Solutions Group, Inc CBSG whereby the Company borrowed . The outstanding balance of the note was at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company reversed 1,312,080 previously recorded to additional paid-in capital in 2022 to reflect the outstanding principal of . The note is currently in default and personally guaranteed by Anthony Zingarelli. 
 
 On September 30, 2019, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating entered into a promissory note payable with Eagle Six Consultants, Inc. Eagle whereby the Company borrowed bearing interest at per annum. The outstanding balance of the note was at December 31, 2022. The note is currently in default. 
 
 On May 6, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note, or the Note, with Pacific Western Bank, evidencing an unsecured loan, or the Loan, in the amount of made to the Company under the Paycheck Protection Program, or the PPP. The interest rate on the Loan is per annum. The Note matured on May 6, 2022. The Company has applied for full forgiveness of the amounts due under the Note and received forgiveness during the year ended 2021. 
 
 On June 24, 2020, the Company entered into a Loan Authorization and Agreement with the SBA under which the Company borrowed and issued to the SBA a note and security agreement for the amount borrowed. Outstanding borrowings accrue interest at a rate of per annum, and installment payments, including principal and interest, of are due monthly and begin 12 months from the date of the loan agreement. The balance of any remaining principal and interest is due 30 years from the date of the loan agreement. As collateral for the borrowing, the Company granted the SBA a security interest in substantially all assets of the Company. 
 
 On February 25, 2021, the Company entered into a secondary promissory note, or the Second PPP Note, with Pacific Western Bank, evidencing an unsecured loan, or the Second Loan, in the amount of made to the Company under the PPP. The interest rate on the Loan is per annum. The Note matures on May 6, 2022. The Company applied for full forgiveness of the amounts due under the Note and received forgiveness in February 2022 therefore the company has recorded the forgiveness as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 On May 12, 2021, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating restructured the CSBG note payable of , the Eagle #1 note payable of and the Eagle #2 note payable of by entering into a payment and indemnification agreement with the receivers/trustee of CBSG and Eagle. The receiver has agreed that the balance of the outstanding amounts will be paid over the course of 24 months in equal payments of . Further, the Company shall pay per month toward the balance and Anthony Zingarelli Zingarelli and Colorado Sky Industrial Supply LLC CSIS ), agree to personally pay the sum of per month. Zingarelli is the only member of CNP Operating that signed a personal guarantee on the loans and Zingarelli is the sole member of CSIS. Zingarelli and CSIS has agreed to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any and all losses, liabilities and claims. If a loss is incurred by the Company with respect to any claims, Zingarelli shall reimburse the Company for the amount of any such loss. The Company has recorded the Zingarelli payments during the period as contributions to additional paid in capital through December 31, 2021. This note is currently in default. 
 
 On November 19, 2020, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating purchased equipment for which was financed at zero interest rate. The monthly payments of will be made for the next 60 months and mature on November 19, 2025. Imputed interest was not material. The outstanding balance of the note was 34,892 at December 
 F-15 
 
 which was financed at zero interest rate with the same lender with similar terms. The outstanding balance of the note was at December 31, 2022, and was fully repaid in 2023. 
 
 On October 19, 2021, the Company borrowed from a lender and issued a promissory note for the repayment of the amount borrowed. The promissory note is unsecured, has a maturity date of December 31, 2024 and all principal is due upon maturity. The amount borrowed accrues interest at per annum and accrued interest is payable monthly commencing on December 1, 2021. The promissory note contains customary events of default permitting acceleration of repayment for nonpayment of amounts due, a bankruptcy related proceeding, breach of representations or covenants, sale of substantially all assets, and change of control. 
 
 On April 8, 2022, the Company entered into two promissory notes for aggregate proceeds of . The promissory note is unsecured, has a maturity date of April 30, 2024 and all principal is due upon maturity. The notes bear interest at per annum and accrued interest is payable monthly commencing on August 1, 2022. In connection with the notes, the Company granted warrants to the lenders with an exercise price of 1.00 per share. The warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes model and determined a fair value of , which was recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the notes. 
 
 On October 4, 2022, the Company converted the entire 676,000 in principal and 50,700 in accrued interest on its convertible notes into an aggregate of shares of common stock. As a result of the conversion, the Company recorded a loss on conversion of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company fully amortized the debt discount. 
 
 On May 11, 2022, the Company s subsidiary, CFN Real Estate II, LLC, entered into a promissory note with a lender for the repayment of in connection with the 500,000 refinancing of the Company s property located in Wray, Colorado. The company received the proceeds from the refinancing on May 16, 2022. Accrued interest at the rate of is payable monthly commencing on June 15, 2022, and the principal of the promissory note is payable upon maturity on June 15, 2024. The lender received a security interest in the property and equipment contained therein as collateral for the promissory note. The promissory note contains customary events of default and other conditions. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

The aggregate current portion of long-term debt as of December 31, 2022 amounted is , which represents the contractual principal payments due in the next 12 months period as well as any notes in default. 
 
 . 
 
 In January 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, of which 793,333 were issuable on December 31, 2020 and 16,667 were sold in 2021 for . 
 
 In March 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for 105,000 of interest accrued to Emerging Growth as a result of holding the Series B Preferred stock. The fair value of the shares was 157,500 and the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt in the amount of . 
 
 F-16 
 
 promissory note (Note 4), the Company issued 133,333 shares of its common stock to the noteholder in lieu of 40,000 of interest accrued and accruing on the promissory note through December 31, 2021. The fair value of the shares was 160,000 and the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt in the amount of . 
 
 In June 2021, the Company received in cash in respect to an exercise of warrants by a Note holder. The Company has reflected the 50,000 received in common shares issuable in the statement of stockholder s equity as the Company issued shares of common stock on July 7, 2021. 
 
 On August 23, 2021, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with CNP Operating, whereby the Company acquired of CNP Operating from the Owners in exchange for an aggregate of 23,600,000 shares of Company common stock. The securities were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 On April 14, 2022, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with investors for the purchase of an aggregate of shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.70 per share for gross proceeds of . The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 On April 29, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the closing of the purchase of property and equipment in Wray, Colorado, by the Company s subsidiary CFN Real Estate II, LLC. The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The shares were issued at a purchase price of 0.70 per share for a purchase price of . 
 
 On October 4, 2022, the Company converted the entire 676,000 in principal and 50,700 in accrued interest on its convertible notes into an aggregate of shares of common stock. The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, the Company converted 40,000 in accrued interest on an outstanding note into shares of common stock. As a result of the conversion, the Company recorded a gain on conversion of . The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 On November 3, 2022, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with investors for the purchase of an aggregate of shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.25 per share for gross proceeds of . The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was in payments made in advance of securities date. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share, of which have been authorized as Series A Preferred Stock and have been authorized as Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 On June 20, 2019, the Company issued to certain of its promissory noteholders an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, each with a stated value per share of , as conversion of worth of outstanding promissory notes. The Series A Preferred Stock accumulate dividends at per annum, and is convertible into the Company s common stock at the election of the holder at a conversion price per share to be mutually agreed between the Company and the holder in the future, and be redeemable at the Company s option following the third year after issuance, without voting rights or a liquidation preference. 
 
 On June 20, 2019, the Company issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock to Emerging Growth each with a stated value of per share, as part of the Emerging Growth Agreement. The aggregate fair value of was recorded as part of the acquisition price of the net assets acquired from Emerging Growth. The Series B Preferred Stock accumulates dividends at per annum and is convertible into the Company s common stock at the election of Emerging Growth at a conversion price per share to be mutually agreed between the Company and Emerging Growth in the future, without voting rights or a liquidation preference, except with respect to accrued penalty interest. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and , respectively, of interest from the outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 F-17 

Granted 

Exercised 
 ) 

Forfeited 
 ) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

2.39 
 
 Exercisable at December, 2022 

In April 2022, the Company granted warrants in connection with the issuance of promissory notes (see Note 6). The warrants have an exercise price of 1.00 per share, expire in three years and are immediately exercisable. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, all outstanding warrants were fully vested and there was no remaining unrecorded compensation expense. 
 
 Options 
 
 The Company had a Stock Option Plan, or the Plan, under which the total number of shares of capital stock of the Company that may be subject to options under the Plan is currently 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock from either authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. The Plan expired on December 14, 2016. 

Forfeited/cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Forfeited/cancelled 
 ) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

- 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding options. 
 
 F-18 

Total current liabilities of discontinued operations 

In accordance with the provisions of ASC 205-20, the Company has excluded the results of discontinued operations from its results of continuing operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no results of operations pertaining to discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that its property and equipment in Wray, Colorado (via CFN Real Estate II) were to be listed for sale. Accordingly, the Company reported the disposal group of the long-lived assets at its lower of the carrying value or the fair value less cost to sell. 
 
 The assets and liabilities have been reflected as discontinued operations in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and consist of the following: 

Building 

Land 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

) 

On April 12, 2023, the Company sold its property at Wray, Colorado for total proceeds of . 

State 

Total current 

Deferred 

Federal 

) 

State 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total deferred 

Total 

F-19 

State income taxes net of federal income tax benefit 

Permanent differences for tax purposes 

Change in valuation allowance 

) 

Effective income tax rate 

The income tax benefit differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of , primarily due to the change in the valuation allowance and state income tax benefit, offset by nondeductible expenses. 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Impairment 

Stock-based compensation 

Other temporary difference 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Change in valuation allowance 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Effective income tax rate 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had available net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million that may be applied against future taxable income and expires at various dates between 2027 and 2039, subject to certain limitations. The Company has a deferred tax asset arising substantially from the benefits of such net operating loss deduction and has recorded a valuation allowance for the full amount of this deferred tax asset since it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset may not be realized. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and California and is subject to income tax examinations by federal tax authorities for tax years ended 2018 and later and by California authorities for tax years ended 2014 and later. The Company currently is not under examination by any tax authority. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock valued at . 
 
 Also, during 2019, CNP Operating acquired certain inventory from CSIS and a portion of that inventory became damaged or obsolete. CNP Operating assumed the obligation for the debt with CBSG for and CSIS and its sole member guaranteed the CBSG debt. CSIS has agreed to fund the loan repayments at per month for 24 months. 
 
 The purchase price allocation at fair value is below. The business combination accounting is not yet complete and the amounts assigned to the net assets acquired are provisional. Therefore, the final purchase price allocation may vary based on final appraisals, valuations and analyses of the fair value of the net assets acquired. 
 F-20 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Current portion of note receivable 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Right of Use Asset 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Goodwill 

Other Assets 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to CSIS 

Current portion of lease obligation 

Current portion of notes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Lease obligation, less current portion 

Long-term note payable, net of current portion and discounts 

Total liabilities 

Total Purchase Price Consideration 

The purchase price was shares of common stock at per share totaling . 
 
 per month. On August 5, 2020, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Emerging Growth for additional office space in Whitefish, Montana, replacing its previous lease from June 20, 2019. The term of the lease commenced on September 1, 2020 for a period of one year at a rate of per month. The lease contains an option for the Company to renew the lease for a period of one additional year at a monthly rent subject to a 3 increase. Management has elected a policy to exclude leases with an initial term of 12 months or less from the balance sheet presentation required under ASC 842. As a result, the office lease has been excluded from balance sheet presentation as it has an original term of 12 months or less. 
 
 On March 30, 2021, the Company entered into a new lease with Emerging Growth, which took the place of the old lease effective April 1, 2021. The lease provides for payments of per month and has a term of three years and contains an option for the Company to renew the lease for a period of one additional year at a monthly rent subject to a 3 increase. 
 
 On June 4, 2019, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating entered into a Lease Agreement with Blair Investments, LLC for the lease of office space in Centennial Colorado, for a period of 3 year at a rate of per month. On September 26, 2019, this agreement was terminated and replaced with a new agreement starting October 1, 2019 and expiring on June 30, 2023. The agreement is personally guaranteed by Anthony Zingarelli. 
 
 F-21 
 
 . 
 
 On December 9, 2021, CFN Real Estate LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Lease Agreement (with Option to Purchase), or the Lease, with H2S2 LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, for property in Eaton, Colorado, consisting of 9.53 acres of agricultural land zoned with use for special review for hemp processing and storage, an 8,500 square foot C1D1 rated steel building, triple tunnel green houses with a total of 8,712 square feet, a shop building consisting of 3,825 square feet and a 2,280 square foot residence. The Lease has an eleven month term and contains an option to purchase the premises, each terminating on November 30, 2022. The total monthly rent under the lease during the term is an aggregate of 354,000, consisting of a monthly lease payment, and an aggregate of 200,000 in non-refundable payments towards the option. The total purchase price for the premises under the option is 1.2 million, inclusive of the 200,000 in payments made during the term of the lease. If the option is exercised, the lease contains a 30-day automatic extension of the term at 14,000. 
 
 On August 12, 2022, CFN Real Estate LLC, entered into a First Amendment to Lease Agreement, or the Amendment, to the Lease, with H2S2 LLC, for property in Eaton, Colorado. The Amendment amends the Lease to (i) provide for payment of the final non-refundable deposit in the amount of 34,000 on or before the earlier of November 30, 2022 or exercise of the option to purchase, (ii) provide for payment of the July 2022 monthly base rent in the amount of on or before November 30, 2022, (iii) amend the payment date for monthly base rent from the 1st to the 15th of each month, (iv) to delete the seller financing provisions of the lease, and (v) to provide for an amendment fee of 20,000, on or before November 30, 2022, or upon exercise of the option to purchase, on or before the earlier of December 31, 2022 or closing on the purchase of the premises. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company s subsidiary CNP Operating of Wyoming, LLC entered into a lease agreement with Wyott Capital Group for the lease of storage and manufacturing space in Cheyenne, Wyoming for a 3-year term including a base rent of . 
 
 The following is a summary of future minimum lease payments and related liabilities for all non-cancelable operating leases maturing as of December: 

2024 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

) 
 
 Total lease obligations 

Less current lease obligations 

) 
 
 Long-term lease obligations 

Liabilities 

Current portion of right of use liability 

Right of use liability 

Total operating lease liabilities 

NOTE 12: RELATED PARTY TRANSCATIONS 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was 503,259 in amounts due to related parties, including 428,700 due to CSIS. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. 
 F-22 

F-23 

<EX-10.28>
 2
 cfn_ex10z28.htm
 LEASE AGREEMENT DATED APRIL 12, 2023 FOR EMERGING GROWTH, LLC AND CFN ENTERPRISES, INC.

</EX-10.28>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 cfn_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
 Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 
 
 I, Brian Ross, certify that: 
 
 1.I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of CFN Enterprises Inc.; 
 
 2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 
 
 4.The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5.The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: April 17, 2023 
 
 /s/ Brian Ross 

Brian Ross 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cfn_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report (the Report of CFN Enterprises Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Brian Ross, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 
 1.The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2.The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Brian Ross 

Brian Ross 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 cnfn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 cnfn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 cnfn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 cnfn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cnfn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

