<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1836100_0001493152-23-012629.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4815976</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>364720</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>856926</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1402866</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>946982</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1127318</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012629.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417181538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012629
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Goal Acquisitions Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001836100
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				853660880
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40026
		FILM NUMBER:		23825017

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13001 W. HWY 71
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-287-1871

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13001 W. HWY 71
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012629.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). No 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 
on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter) based on the closing price
for the common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market on June 30, 2022. 

As
of April 7, 2023, a total of shares of
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 6 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 22 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 40 

Item 2. Properties 
 40 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 40 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 41 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 48 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 49 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 49 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 49 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 55 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 59 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 59 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 61 

2 

References
to the Company, our, us or we refer to Goal Acquisitions Corp., a blank check
company incorporated in Delaware on October 26, 2020. References to our Sponsor refer to Goal Acquisitions Sponsor LLC,
an entity affiliated with our officers, directors and advisors. 

This
annual report on Form 10-K contains statistical data, estimates and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications or
other publicly available information, as well as other information based on our internal sources. While we believe the industry and market
data included in this report are reliable and are based on reasonable assumptions, these data involve many assumptions and limitations,
and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to these estimates. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any such third-party
information presented in this report, we have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the data contained in these
industry publications and other publicly available information. None of the industry publications referred to in this report were prepared
on our or on our affiliates behalf or at our expense. Our business is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to
a variety of factors, including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors, which could cause results to differ materially
from those expressed in these publications and other publicly available information. 

3 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial
performance, and any other statements of a future or forward-looking nature, constitute forward-looking statements for
the purpose of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our
or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that
refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are
forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, 
 predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions may
identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination, including our pending business combination with Digital Virgo (as defined below) and
 the other transactions contemplated by the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (as defined below); 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses, including Digital Virgo; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, including our pending business combination with Digital Virgo; 

the
 ability to have our securities continue to be listed on Nasdaq, including following a business combination, including our pending business combination with Digital Virgo; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination, including the pending business combination with Digital Virgo, despite the continued uncertainty resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic
 or the outbreak of other infectious diseases; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

the
 potential market for our securities; or 

our
 financial performance. 

4 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning
future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that
may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

In
addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this annual report, and while we believe such information forms
a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate
that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are
inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements as predictions of future results. Our actual
future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary
statements. 

RISK
FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section title Risk Factors, 
that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy. The occurrence of one or more
of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events
or circumstances, may adversely affect our ability to effect a business combination, and may have an adverse effect on our business,
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

our
 ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, including our pending business combination
 with Digital Virgo; 

newly
 formed company without an operating history; 

delay
 in receiving distributions from the trust account; 

lack
 of opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination; 

lack
 of protections afforded to investors of blank check companies; 

deviation
 from acquisition criteria; 

issuance
 of equity and/or debt securities to complete a business combination, including our pending business combination with Digital Virgo; 

lack
 of working capital; 

third-party
 claims reducing the per-share redemption price; 

negative
 interest rate for securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account; 

our
 stockholders being held liable for claims by third parties against us; 

failure
 to enforce our sponsor s indemnification obligations; 

warrant
 holders limited to exercising warrants only on a cashless basis 

the
 ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company; 

our
 dependence on key personnel; 

conflicts
 of interest of our sponsor, officers and directors; 

the
 delisting of our securities by Nasdaq; 

dependence
 on a single target business with a limited number of products or services; 

our
 shares being redeemed and our warrants becoming worthless; 

our
 competitors with advantages over us in seeking business combinations; 

our
 ability to obtain additional financing; 

our
 initial stockholders controlling a substantial interest in us; 

warrants
 adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

events
 which may result in the per-share amount held in our trust account dropping below 10.00 per public share; 

disadvantageous
 timing for redeeming warrants; 

registration
 rights adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

impact
 of COVID-19 and related risks; 

business
 combination with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction, including our pending business combination with Digital Virgo; 

changes
 in laws or regulations; tax consequences to business combinations; 

exclusive
 forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation; 

specific
 risks related to businesses in the sports and media sectors; 

material
 weakness in our internal control over financial reporting; and 

potential
 litigation and other risks as a result of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

5 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on October 26, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses,
which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations unrelated
to our search for business combination candidates nor generated any revenue to date. 

While
our efforts to identify a prospective target business was not limited to a particular industry, sector or region, we capitalized on the expertise of our management team, board and advisors (collectively, our Team in the professional
sports teams and media sectors, including, but not limited to, related areas such as sports technology, gaming and e-sports. 

Our
objective is to generate attractive returns and create value for our shareholders by applying our strategy of capitalizing on the experience
of our Team. Our Team has spent their careers working in the global professional sports and media industries. Our Team has particular
expertise in operations and turnaround. Our Team s experience includes negotiating record setting naming rights, cable, TV, radio,
licensed merchandise, sponsorship and food service deals with numerous franchises, as well as numerous facility leasing, financing and
construction contracts. This experience includes managing the business operations of professional athletes (including Michael Jordan
and Patrick Ewing), sports franchises (the New York Yankees, San Francisco 49ers, Florida Panther, Atlanta Thrashers, Atlanta Hawks and
Charlotte Bobcats) and leagues (including the WNBA, the PGA Tour and the NCAA s Southeastern Conference). We will look to acquire
and manage a business that can benefit from our Team s global experience with sports teams, leagues, media, brands, technology
and investments. 

Proposed
Business Combination 

Amended
and Restated Business Combination Agreement and Merger Agreement 

On
February 8, 2023, we entered into an Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the Amended and Restated Business
Combination Agreement with Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp., a Nevada corporation Goal Nevada ), Digital Virgo
Group, a French corporation soci t par actions simplifi e ( Digital Virgo ), all
shareholders of Digital Virgo (the Digital Virgo Shareholders ), and IODA S.A., in its capacity as the DV
Shareholders Representative (as defined in the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement), which amends and
restates in its entirety the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and among the Company, Digital Virgo,
and certain other parties. 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Goal Nevada entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company will, prior to the Closing (as defined below),
reincorporate as a Nevada corporation by merging with and into Goal Nevada, a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with
Goal Nevada surviving the merger (the Reincorporation Merger ). 

6 

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and after the consummation of the Reincorporation Merger, Digital Virgo will
acquire all of the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada whereby the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada will be exchanged for shares of Digital
Virgo by means of a statutory share exchange under Nevada law (the Exchange ). The time of the closing of the Exchange is
referred to herein as the Closing. The date of the Closing is referred to herein as the Closing Date. 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and the Exchange, as well as the Merger Agreement and the Reincorporation Merger,
were approved by the board of directors of the Company. 

Below
is a description of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and the Exchange, as well as the Merger Agreement and the
Reincorporation Merger. The description below does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions
of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.2 and the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.3. 

The
Reincorporation Merger and the Exchange 

Subject
to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the Company will, prior to the Closing, reincorporate as
a Nevada corporation by merging with and into Goal Nevada, a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with Goal Nevada surviving
the merger. Each unit of the Company (which is comprised of one share of common stock of the Company and one warrant to purchase one
share of common stock of the Company), share of common stock of the Company and warrant to purchase shares of common stock of the Company
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Reincorporation Merger will be converted, respectively, into units
of Goal Nevada, shares of common stock of Goal Nevada and warrants to purchase shares of common stock of Goal Nevada (respectively, Goal
Nevada Units, Goal Nevada Shares and Goal Nevada Warrants on a one-for-one basis, which will have
substantially identical rights, preferences and privileges as the units sold in the Company s initial public offering and simultaneous
private placement, the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and the warrants which were included in the units that
were sold in the Company s initial public offering and simultaneous private placement. 

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions set forth therein,
Digital Virgo will effect a series of related transactions, in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, including the following: 

Prior
 to the Closing, Digital Virgo will convert into a French public limited company soci t anonyme ); 

After
 the conversion into a French public limited company soci t anonyme and prior to the Closing, Digital Virgo
 and the Digital Virgo Shareholders intend to effect a placement of ordinary shares of Digital Virgo to certain institutional and
 other investors (the PIPE Investors through both primary and/or secondary offerings (the PIPE Investment ),
 including the sale of a number of Digital Virgo ordinary shares held by the Digital Virgo Shareholders in exchange for 125,000,000 in cash; 

Immediately
 after the PIPE Investment, Digital Virgo will (i) effect a reverse share split of all of its existing shares pursuant to a conversion
 parity which is expected to be 10 to 26, including the shares purchased by the PIPE Investors in the PIPE Investment, (ii) change
 the par value of all such existing shares from 0.10 to 0.26 and (iii) rename all such existing shares to Class A ordinary
 shares (the Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Shares (together, the Reverse Share Split ). Immediately after
 the completion of the Reverse Share Split, the Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Shares held by IODA S.A., the controlling shareholder
 of Digital Virgo, will be converted into Class B preferred shares, par value 0.26 per share of Digital Virgo (the Digital
 Virgo Class B Shares ), on a one-for-one basis, with such shares having identical rights to the Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary
 Shares except that the Digital Virgo Class B Shares will have two votes for each share. 

Subject
to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, at the Closing, (i)
Digital Virgo will acquire all of the issued outstanding Goal Nevada Shares pursuant to articles of exchange filed with the Nevada Secretary
of State in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes, whereby each issued and outstanding Goal Nevada Share will be exchanged for
one Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Share by means of a statutory share exchange under Nevada law (the Exchange and (ii)
each Goal Nevada Warrant will be automatically exchanged for one warrant issued by Digital Virgo that will be exercisable for one Digital
Virgo Class A Ordinary Share. All outstanding Goal Nevada Units will be separated into their underlying securities immediately prior
to the Exchange. 

7 

In
addition, at the Closing, (i) 5,000,000 Class C preferred shares, par value 0.26 per share, of Digital Virgo (the DV Earnout
Shares will be issued to and deposited with one or more escrow agents and will be disbursed to the Digital Virgo Shareholders,
in whole or in part, after the Closing, if both an earnout milestone based on EBITDA (as defined in the Amended and Restated
Business Combination Agreement) and a share price milestone are met and (ii) 1,293,750 Class C preferred shares, par value 0.26
per share, of Digital Virgo (the Sponsor Earnout Shares will be issued to and deposited with an escrow agent and will
be disbursed to Goal Acquisitions Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), after the Closing, if a share price milestone is met. The
earnout milestone will be met if Digital Virgo s EBITDA for any fiscal year ending on or before December 31, 2027 is equal or greater
than 60,000,000, in which case 2,500,000 DV Earnout Escrow Shares will be released to the Digital Virgo Shareholders. The share price
milestone will be met if Digital Virgo s share price is equal to or greater than 15.00 for at least 20 out of 30 consecutive trading
days (counting only those trading days in which there is trading activity) from the period starting from the date immediately following
the Closing Date and ending on December 31, 2026, in which case 2,500,000 DV Earnout Escrow Shares will be released to the Digital Virgo
Shareholders and all of the Sponsor Earnout Shares will be released to the Sponsor. Any DV Earnout Shares remaining in the earnout escrow
account that have not been released to the Digital Virgo Shareholders will be released to Digital Virgo, and any Sponsor Earnout Shares
remaining in the earnout escrow account that have not been released to the Sponsor will be released to Digital Virgo. The Class C preferred
shares of Digital Virgo will have identical rights to the Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Shares except that the Class C preferred shares
will have no voting rights. If and when the Class C preferred shares are released from escrow to the Digital Virgo Shareholders or the
Sponsor, as applicable, such shares shall be automatically be converted into Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Shares, on a one-for-one
basis, with full voting rights as of their respective date of disbursement by the escrow agent. EBITDA means the Adjusted
EBITDA of Digital Virgo as currently calculated by Digital Virgo for its reporting requirements under its existing credit facility,
which is a non-GAAP measure and should not be construed as more relevant measures of operational performance than financial information
under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). 

As
described below, the Sponsor has agreed to forfeit 646,875 shares of common stock of the Company for no consideration effective as of
the Closing. 

Representations
and Warranties; Covenants 

The
parties to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement have agreed to customary representations and warranties for transactions
of this type. Except in certain limited instances, the representations and warranties made under the Amended and Restated Business Combination
Agreement will not survive the Closing. 

In
addition, the parties to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement agreed to be bound by certain customary covenants for
transactions of this type, including, among others, (i) a covenant of each party to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the transactions contemplated by the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the Transactions to be consummated
in an expeditious manner, (ii) a covenant of the Company to convene a special meeting of the stockholders of the Company to approve the
stockholder proposals, except that the board of directors of the Company may fail to make, amend, change, withdraw, modify, withhold
or qualify its recommendation (a Change in Recommendation in response to an Intervening Event (as defined in the
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, which does not include matters relating to an alternative transaction) if it determines
in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisors, that a failure to make a Change in Recommendation
would be a breach by the board of directors of its fiduciary obligations to the Company s stockholders under applicable law, (iii)
covenants providing that the parties will not solicit, initiate, submit, facilitate, discuss or negotiate any inquiry, proposal or offer
with respect to any alternative transaction, (iv) a covenant by Digital Virgo to deliver to the Company audited financial statements
that have been audited in accordance with PCAOB auditing standards by a PCAOB qualified auditor and other audited and unaudited financial
statements of Digital Virgo that are required to be included in the proxy statement, and (v) if the Company or Digital Virgo has received
a proposal that it believes is superior to the proposed committed capital on demand facility CCOD ), for which the Company
has received a term sheet, a covenant by the Company and Digital Virgo to discuss the terms of such proposal in good faith and whether
to proceed with such proposal instead of the proposed CCOD. 

8 

Conditions
to Each Party s Obligations 

Under
the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, the obligations of the parties (or, in some cases, some of the parties) to consummate
the Transactions are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions of the respective parties, including,
among others, (i) the accuracy of representations and warranties as of the signing of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement
and as of the Closing Date, subject to materiality and material adverse effect qualifiers set forth in the Amended and Restated Business
Combination Agreement, (ii) material compliance with pre-closing covenants, (iii) no material adverse effect both for the Company and
Digital Virgo, (iv) the delivery of customary closing certificates, (v) the absence of a legal prohibition on consummating the Transactions,
(vi) approval by the Company s stockholders and the consummation of the Reincorporation Merger, (vii) approval of a listing application
on Nasdaq for the Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Shares, (viii) the Available Cash (which is defined to include the amount
released from the Company s trust account, after giving effect to redemptions, repayment of the Company s working capital
loans and the Transactions, but without giving effect to payment of any of the parties transaction expenses, plus any amounts
delivered to the Company or Digital Virgo at or prior to the Closing pursuant to any investments) is equal to or greater than 20,000,000,
(ix) the delivery of a fully executed and binding committed capital on demand facility for at least 100,000,000 (or a lesser amount
as determined by Digital Virgo) of post-Closing capital (the CCOD ), (x) the Company having at least 5,000,001 of net tangible
assets remaining after giving effect to redemptions and (xi) dissenters rights under Nevada law not being available in connection
with the Exchange. 

Termination 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances at any time prior
to the Closing, including, among others, (i) by mutual written consent of the Company and Digital Virgo, (ii) upon any injunction or
other governmental order preventing the consummation of the Transactions which shall have become final and non-appealable, (iii) upon
a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement (subject to an opportunity to cure, if such violation or breach
is capable of being cured), (iv) if the Closing has not occurred by April 30, 2023 (the Termination Date ), provided, that
the Termination Date shall be automatically extended for two (2) months if the Closing shall not have occurred by April 30, 2023, (v)
by Digital Virgo, if the Company fails to consummate the Transactions following the satisfaction of the conditions to the Company s
closing, (vi) by Digital Virgo, if the Company fails to consummate the Transactions prior to the Termination Date (as such date may be
extended, if at all) as a result of the Company s failure to satisfy the Available Cash closing condition and/or the CCOD closing
condition, and (vii) by the Company, if Digital Virgo fails to consummate the Transactions following the satisfaction of the conditions
to Digital Virgo s closing. 

Digital
Virgo will be obligated to pay the Company a termination fee of 2,000,000 if the Amended and Restated Business Combination
Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to clause (vii) of the preceding paragraph. The Company will be obligated to pay
Digital Virgo a termination fee of 2,000,000 if the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement is terminated by Digital
Virgo pursuant to clauses (v) or (vi) of the preceding paragraph. 

9 

Note
Regarding the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the respective parties made
to each other as of the date of such agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties
and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations
agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement. The Amended and Restated
Business Combination Agreement has been included as Exhibit 2.3 hereto to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It
is not intended to provide any other factual information about the parties to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement.
In particular, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement,
which were made only for purposes of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for
the benefit of the parties to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the
contracting parties (including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between
the parties to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts) and may be subject
to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors and reports and documents
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to
the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement. In addition, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements and other
terms of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement may be subject to subsequent waiver or modification by the parties in
their sole discretion without prior public notice. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties
and other terms may change after the date of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, which subsequent information may
or may not be fully reflected in the Company s public disclosures. 

Other
Agreements 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement contemplates the execution of various additional agreements and instruments, including,
among others, the following: 

Amended
and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor and certain other persons parties thereto
entered into an Amended and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement (the Amended and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement ), which
amends and restates the Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and among the Sponsor and certain other parties
in its entirety, pursuant to which each of the Sponsor and such other persons has agreed to, among other things, (i) vote all of its
shares of common stock of the Company in favor of the Transactions and each of the other proposals presented by the Company at the special
meeting of stockholders with respect to the Transactions, (ii) waive its redemption rights with respect to its shares of common stock
of the Company in connection with the Transactions and (iii) not transfer any securities of the Company until the Closing or termination
of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (except in limited circumstances). 

The
foregoing description of the Amended and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.12. 

Amended
and Restated Investor Rights Agreement 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, Digital Virgo, the Company, the Sponsor, the Digital Virgo
Shareholders and certain other persons parties thereto entered into an Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement (the Amended
and Restated Investor Rights Agreement ), which amends and restates the Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022,
by and among the Company, Sponsor, the Digital Virgo Shareholders and certain other parties in its entirety. Pursuant to the Amended
and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, (i) the board of directors of Digital Virgo shall be comprised of thirteen (13) directors at
and immediately following the Closing, of which, five (5) individuals shall be proposed by the Sponsor (the Sponsor Directors for so long as the Sponsor and the Other Holders (as defined in the Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, and
their respective permitted transferees) own at least 50 of the number of the Digital Virgo Shares owned by the Sponsor and the Other
Holders on the Closing Date (which shall be reduced to three (3) individuals if that percentage drops to 25 and eight (8) individuals
shall be proposed by the Digital Virgo Shareholders (acting through their representative, IODA S.A.) for so long as the Digital Virgo
Shareholders (and their permitted transferees) own at least 50 of the number of the Digital Virgo Shares owned by the Digital Virgo
Shareholders on the Closing Date (which shall be reduced to five (5) individuals if that percentage drops to 25 ), (ii) the board of
directors of Digital Virgo shall be divided into three classes of directors, with each class serving for staggered three-year terms,
provided that the Sponsor Directors shall be Class III directors, (iii) the Sponsor shall be able to propose two (2) non-voting board
observers, (iv) the Digital Virgo Shareholders shall be able to propose one (1) non-voting board observer, (v) Digital Virgo will agree
to undertake certain resale shelf registration obligations in accordance with the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act and certain holders have been granted customary demand and piggyback registration rights, and (vi) the Digital Virgo Shareholders,
the Sponsor and the Other Holders agree to a six (6) month lock-up period for their Digital Virgo Shares, subject to certain exceptions,
provided that the Digital Virgo Shares held by IODA S.A. will be subject to additional transfer restrictions if such transfer would result
in a default or event of default under Digital Virgo s existing credit facility. 

10 

The
foregoing description of the Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.13. 

Amended
and Restated Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor and the Company entered into an Amended and
Restated Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement (the Amended and Restated Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement ),
which amends and restates the Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and between the Sponsor and
the Company in its entirety, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to forfeit 646,875 shares of common stock of the Company for no consideration
effective as of the Closing. 

The
foregoing description of the Amended and Restated Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement, a copy of which is
attached hereto as Exhibit 10.14. 

Extension;
Redemption 

On
February 7, 2023, stockholders of Goal Acquisitions Corp. (the Company approved an amendment (the Trust Agreement
Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company Continental (the Trust Agreement ), to change the date on which Continental
must commence liquidation of the amount on deposit in the trust account (the Trust Account established in connection with
the Company s initial public offering from February 16, 2023 to March 18, 2023, subject to extension by the board of directors
for up to five additional thirty-day periods (the latest of which such date is referred to as the New Termination Date ). 

The
foregoing description of the Trust Agreement Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to Exhibit 10.15. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company s stockholders also approved an amendment (the Charter Amendment to the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Charter to (i) extend the initial period of time by which the
Company has to consummate an initial business combination to the New Termination Date and (ii) make other administrative and technical
changes in the Charter in connection with the New Termination Date, in each case, pursuant to an amendment in the form set forth in Annex
A of the proxy statement. The Company filed the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 8,
2023. 

The
foregoing description of the Charter Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Exhibit
3.4. 

In
connection with the stockholders approval and implementation of the Charter Amendment, the holders of 16,328,643 Public Shares
exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.13 per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of approximately 165,489,172. Following such redemptions, 9,546,357 Public Shares remain outstanding and the Company expects
to have approximately 96,751,378 remaining in the Trust Account. 

11 

Our
Team 

Harvey
Schiller serves as our Chief Executive Officer. General Schiller is Chairman of Charlestowne Holdings, a financial advisory firm
(2018-present). He is Vice Chairman of the digital, media and sports practice of the Diversified Search Group (2015-present). He previously
served as Commissioner of the Southeastern Conference (1986-1990) and America s Cup (2015-2017), executive director of the United
States Olympic Committee (1990-1995), president of Turner Sports (1995-2000), president of Atlanta Thrashers NHL hockey team (1997-1999),
Chairman of the financial services firm Assante USA (2002-2004), Chairman of the security firm Global Options (2006-2013), and Chairman
of YankeeNets, owners of the New York Yankees, New Jersey Devils, and New Jersey Nets (2000-2002) and developer of the YES network (2001-2002).
He is also lead director of Mesa Air Group (2015-present), board member of Blinktbi (2018-present) and chair of Sportsgrid and the Collegiate
Sports Management Group (2018-present). General Schiller served a distinguished career as an Air Force pilot (1962-1986) and was a Presidential
appointed permanent professor (1980-1986) at the U.S. Air Force Academy and White House Commission on Presidential Scholars (2005-2009).
Other appointments include NCAA executive committee (1982-1988), Olympic Games consultant (1984-2012), International Baseball President,
board member of the Baseball Hall of Fame (present) and World Baseball Classic (present). General Schiller is a distinguished graduate
of The Citadel and earned a PhD in Chemistry from the University of Michigan. 

William
T. Duffy serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Duffy serves as the Vice Chairman of The Aspire
Sports Marketing Group, LLC Aspire ), a sports consulting firm which he co-founded in 2008. From 2016 to 2019, he was the
CEO of Aspire and he previously held other positions at Aspire, including two years as COO, and has served on its board of managers since
2014. Mr. Duffy s career has focused on turnarounds of underperforming franchises with a focus on maximizing employee performance
and revenue generation and reducing operating costs, while creating cultures of accountability through hands on leadership and career
development of employees. His international experience at Aspire includes consulting on projects with The R A, Leicester City FC
and Tijuana Xolos (Liga MX). From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Duffy briefly left Aspire and oversaw finance and arena operations in a variety of
roles at Bobcats Sports and Entertainment, including roles as EVP, CFO and CAO. He served as liaison to the City of Charlotte for the
expansion NBA Franchise Charlotte Bobcats and Time Warner Cable Arena. Prior to Aspire, Mr. Duffy held the positions of CFO of the San
Francisco 49ers (1996-1999), CAO of the Buffalo Bills (1999-2000), CFO of the Florida Panthers (2001-2003) and EVP, CFO of Atlanta Spirit,
LLC (2004-2008), a group that bought the operating rights of the Atlanta Hawks, Atlanta Thrashers and Philips Arena in 2004 Mr. Duffy
holds a Masters of Science in Accounting from New York University, and AB in Economics from Princeton University and has earned a CPA. 

David
B. Falk will serve as a member of our board of directors and as our Senior Advisor. Mr. Falk is the founder of Falk Associates
Management Enterprises (FAME) which provides specialized and personal representation services to the company s elite clientele
of NBA superstars. Prior to founding FAME in 1992, Mr. Falk served as vice chairman of ProServ where he represented numerous professional
athletes. Mr. Falk has successfully negotiated a number of large and notable NBA contracts, including Alonzo Mourning s historical
 100 million contract in 1995 and Michael Jordan s 1996 one-year contract for 30 million. Mr. Falk was also influential in the
creation of the Air Jordan brand and was an executive producer of the movie Space Jam. Mr. Falk is an investor
in Consumable, a digital advertising company, Hyperwave, a cooking technology company, Ostendo, a quantum photonics technology company,
Wheels Up, an aviation company, and Block Six Analytics. Mr. Falk first attended and is now a member of the Board of Trustees for Syracuse
University. Mr Falk endowed and founded the David B. Falk College of Sports and Human Dynamics at Syracuse University, a leading sports
program in the U.S. 

Donna
Orender serves as a member of our board of directors. Ms. Orender spent 17 years at the PGA TOUR where she served as one of three
senior executives in the Office of the Commissioner. During her time there, she exponentially grew the TOUR s television rights
and led a major expansion of global production, programming distribution and digital business while also founding PGA TOUR Radio with
partner Sirius XM. From 2005 to 2010, Ms. Orender served as the President of the WNBA. During her term business metrics that saw growth
included sponsorship, television ratings, profitability and attendance growth (following an eight year decline). Ms. Orender began her
current role as Chief Executive Officer of Orender Unlimited, a consulting and advisory firm, in 2011. Ms. Orender serves on the nominating
and compensation committees for the V Foundation for Cancer Research board, the board of the World Surf League, and is the founder of
Generation W, an organization that focuses on educating, inspiring and connecting women and girls in the service of building better communities.
Ms. Orender received a B.A. from Queens College and is a multiple hall of fame athlete. 

12 

Kenneth
L. Shropshire will serve as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Shropshire has been a faculty member of the Wharton School
at the University of Pennsylvania Wharton since 1986, where he is now an emeritus professor, with an expertise in sports
business and law. During his tenure at Wharton, Mr. Shropshire founded the Wharton Sports Business Initiative in 2004, a sports business
research center and served as a director until 2017. One such example of the innovative programming Mr. Shropshire developed at Wharton
includes the NFL/NFLPA Player Business Education Transition Program. Currently, in addition to being a professor emeritus at Wharton,
Mr. Shropshire is the Chief Executive Officer of the Global Sport Institute, and serves as the Adidas Distinguished Professor of Global
Sport at Arizona State University since joining in 2017. Mr. Shropshire has served as a director of Moelis Company since 2014.
In addition, Mr. Shropshire acts as an advisor to multiple organizations in the sports industry, including Altius Sports Partners, Arctos
Sports Partners, Overtime Elite, and Pro Sports Assembly. Mr. Shropshire earned an undergraduate degree in economics from Stanford University
and a law degree from Columbia University, and is a member of the California bar. He joined the law firm of Manatt, Phelps, Rothenberg
and Tunney in Los Angeles prior to working with the 1984 Olympic Games and beginning his lengthy career at Wharton. Mr. Shropshire was
also the former President of the Sports Lawyers Association, the largest organization of sports lawyers in the world. 

Past
performance of our Team is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business
combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical performance
record of our Team as indicative of our future performance. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our Team
have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. Our officers and directors have no experience with special purpose
acquisition companies. In addition, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest with other entities to which they owe fiduciary
or contractual obligations with respect to initial business combination opportunities. For a list of our officers and directors and entities
for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between such persons and the company, as well as the priority and preference that
such entity has with respect to performance of obligations and presentation of business opportunities to us, please refer to the table
and subsequent explanatory paragraph under Management Conflicts of Interest . 

Advisors 

Jon
Miller will serve as Chairman of our advisory board as well as a board observer. Mr. Miller currently serves as a director of
Akamai Technologies, Inc., Nielsen Holdings plc., AMC Networks Inc., Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. and J2 Global, Inc. From 2013
until January 2018, Mr. Miller was a partner at Advancit Capital, where he continues to serve as an advisor and member of the Investment
Committee. He previously has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Digital Media Group at News Corp., and was its Chief
Digital Officer from April 2009 to September 2012. Mr. Miller was a founding partner of Velocity Interactive Group, an investment firm
focusing on internet and digital media, from its inception in 2007 to 2009. Prior to founding Velocity, Mr. Miller served as the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of America Online, Inc. AOL from 2002 to 2006. Prior to joining AOL, Mr. Miller served as
Chief Executive Officer and President of USA Information and Services. Mr. Miller previously served as a director of, among others, Houghton
Mifflin Harcourt Co., Ticketmaster, LiveNation Entertainment, Inc., RTL Group SA, Shutterstock, Inc. and TripAdvisor, Inc.. Mr. Miller
is a trustee of the American Film Institute and The Paley Center for Media. Mr. Miller holds a B.A. from Harvard College. 

Alex
Greystoke will serve as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Greystoke is a successful serial entrepreneur
with a breadth of skills in a diverse range of industries. Mr. Greystoke is the founder of multiple AI technology companies including
TripChamp, VacationChamp and TravelChamp. He is the inventor of three granted artificial intelligence patents, with eight pending patent
applications. Mr. Greystoke is also an investor with investments in real estate, food and beverage, technology and other sectors. Mr.
Greystoke founded HSC, a boutique corporate finance business raising money for and helping emerging companies commercialize in a range
of sectors including technology, energy, healthcare and consumer products utilizing his wide network of partners throughout Asia, Europe,
the Middle East and the U.S. Mr. Greystoke has served as director to numerous companies in the education, technology, AI and renewable
energy spaces, and has served as a Chairman to a U.K. listed Chinese manufacturing company. 

13 

Raghu
Kilambi will serve as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Kilambi has been CEO of PowerTap Hydrogen
Fueling Corp. since May 2020. Mr. Kilambi previously served as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of ConversionPoint Technologies
from December 2017 to January 2020. ConversionPoint was sold in two transactions to a private equity-backed group and a strategic buyer.
Mr. Kilambi has also been the principal of Kirarv Capital, a technology investment firm, since June 2009. Mr. Kilambi has raised over
 1 billion of equity and debt capital for growth private and public companies in his career and has also been a senior officer and director
of companies that were awarded Barron s ASAP Magazine Top Ramp Champ awards and Profit Magazine s Top 3 Growth Company awards.
Previously, from 1998 to 2001, Mr. Kilambi was the Co-Founder, CFO and Chief Strategy Officer of FutureLink Corp., a leading first-generation
VC-backed cloud computing technology company that grew from startup to over 100 million in annualized revenues. Mr. Kilambi graduated
with Great Distinction with a Bachelor of Commerce (University Scholar), received a Graduate Diploma in Public Accounting from McGill
University (Top 10 List), and qualified as a Canadian Chartered Accountant in 1989 (inactive). 

Amber
Allen will serve as a member of our advisory board . Ms. Allen s experience has been focused in the technology,
entertainment and gaming industries, having spent her career at major companies including Reebok, Disney, Warner Bros., and Riot Games.
Currently, Ms. Allen serves as the founder of Double A Labs, a leader in developing transformative technologies and experiences for brand
engagement . Ms. Allen serves on the Advisory Board of University of Texas Game and Development Design and is a member of
the Fashion Institute of Technology. Ms. Allen also volunteers with Women Who Code and is an advisor to both Dell Women s Entrepreneurship
Network and Dell Project Innovate. 

Bart
Oates will serve as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Oates was a starting center for the USFL Philadelphia Stars, New York
Giants and San Francisco 49ers, for a total 14 seasons of professional football. In the offseasons, Mr. Oates attended Seton Hall Law
School where he graduated with honors and joined the law firm of Ribis, Graham Curtin in Morristown N.J., where he focused on litigation
and real estate tax appeal work. Currently, Mr. Oates serves as President of the NFL Alumni Association, a position that allows him to
advocate on behalf of former players to establish benefits and opportunities. 

Martin
Gruschka will serve as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Gruschka began his career in 1990 as a management consultant for a
Deutsche Bank Group subsidiary, with a focus on East German Privatization projects. Thereafter, he led the European media practice of
Arthur D. Little, a global management consulting group, from 1996 to 1999. Having spent time as an associate director at Deutsche Morgan
Grenfell s media investment banking division, he co-founded Springwater Capital LLC in 2002 where he currently acts as Managing
Partner. Mr. Gruschka has served as Chairman, President, Board Member and CEO of more than forty companies throughout Europe and the
U.S. in a diverse range of sectors, including media communications, aerospace, engineering, logistics, recycling, technology, tourism
and business process outsourcing. 

Danielle
Cantor Jeweler will serve as a member of our advisory board. Ms. Jeweler is the Executive Vice President and Partner at FAME,
and is an NBPA Certified Agent, representing current and retired NBA talent. Together with partner David Falk, Danielle negotiates contracts
for a number of NBA players. Ms. Jeweler has also negotiated a myriad of national and international endorsement deals for her basketball
clients. In September 2017, Danielle was honored by the Sports Business Journal as a Gamechanger in the sports industry, as the only
female registered agent with active NBA clients. In July 2019, she negotiated the largest guaranteed sports contract by a female agent
(Malcolm Brogdon, with the Indiana Pacers, for 4 years and 85 million). Ms. Jeweler is a member of the Leadership Council for PeacePlayers,
International, and she serves on the Board of Advisors for Most Valuable Kids, the Roy Hibbert Foundation, and Little Smiles. A native
Washingtonian, Ms. Jeweler graduated from the University of Pennsylvania UPenn in the Annenberg School for Communications
and from The Wharton School for Business. Ms. Jeweler is a competitive youth girls soccer coach and played Division 1 soccer at UPenn. 

Marc
Wade will serve as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Wade is a financier, philanthropist and founder of Wade Company,
a family office. Mr. Wade has historically invested in a diversified portfolio of businesses with a primary focus on asset backed lending.
His portfolio has included commercial real estate, banking, energy, sports and entertainment, technology and securities lending. Mr.
Wade was a minority investor in the NHL franchise New Jersey Devils and Devils Entertainment. Mr. Wade is also Co-Founder of BTI, one
of South America s largest aggregators of cell phone towers. 

14 

Garret
Klugh will serve as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Klugh is the COO of Falk Ventures. He is an internationally recognized
Olympian and frequent guest speaker, lecturer and panelist in the sports-tech industry. Mr. Klugh earned his undergraduate degree at
San Diego State University and his MBA from George Washington University. At SDSU, Mr. Klugh served as the President of the men s
rowing team. He went on to represent the U.S. on six National Teams and one Olympic Team (Athens 2004). Mr. Klugh won the World Rowing
Championship in 1999 and was honored to be selected by his peers as the Athlete Representative on the Board of Directors for USRowing. 

Doug
Perlman will serve as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Perlman is the founder and CEO of Sports Media Advisors SMA ),
a boutique advisory firm which focuses on the intersection of sports, television and digital media. Mr. Perlman has worked on all of
SMA s client engagements including those with the NFL, NASCAR, USTA, UFC, Hockey Canada, Little League, NextVR and several leading
private equity firms. Prior to SMA, he established himself throughout the sports industry in senior executive roles at the NHL and IMG.
Among other accolades, Mr. Perlman has been named to the prestigious Sports Business Journal Forty Under 40 three times, earning a spot
in their Hall of Fame. Mr. Perlman has been recognized by multiple industry publications and organizations as a leader
in the sports, media, and technology industries, including being named one of the 100 Most Powerful People in Sports by the Sporting
News while at the NHL. Mr. Perlman regularly appears on television and is often a featured speaker at industry and other events. 

We
currently expect our advisors to (i) assist us in sourcing, negotiating and consummating a potential business combination, (ii) provide
their business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and (iii) upon our request, provide their business insights
as we work to create additional value in the businesses that we acquire. However, they have no written advisory agreement with us. Additionally,
these individuals have no other employment or compensation arrangements with us. They will not serve on the board or any committee thereof,
nor will they have any voting or decision making capacity on our behalf. They will also not be required to devote any specific amount
of time to our efforts or be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject. Accordingly, if any of them
become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for us, they are under no obligation to introduce it to us before
any other prospective acquiror. 

Business
Strategy 

The
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on U.S. and global professional sports and entertainment industries has been profound. In-stadium revenue
opportunities, such as ticket and premium seating sales, concessions, merchandise and parking have reduced substantially compared to
pre-COVID levels. As a result, sports franchises and vendors are facing a huge strain on cash flow, leaving ownership groups without
the appetite, nor liquidity to continue franchise funding for an undetermined period of time. Organizations with inefficient operating
models are experiencing significantly more stress during these times, leading many groups to reevaluate their management relationships.
COVID-19 has also had a significant impact on businesses associated with or dependent on sports, for example groups holding media rights,
sports marketing groups and agencies and suppliers to the sports industry. We believe the totality of these circumstances presents a
unique opportunity to acquire special situation sports and media assets that would not otherwise be for sale and/or to acquire these
businesses at opportunistic prices. 

With
the resulting pressures of these limitations and uncertainties in general, the need for innovative and dynamic operating models is evident.
We believe that with the current landscape, our Team will have the leverage to identify and acquire assets with great potential at opportunistic
price points. As more sports franchises, and sports and media related businesses understand the necessity of building global brands in
order to compete for revenue and brand recognition across fan bases, mature management teams, experiences and expertise will be required
to enhance visibility and profitability. 

We
believe that our Team can provide all of these attributes to a potential initial business combination target. Our Team has a demonstrated
extensive track record of successful value creation and enhancement (including complex turnarounds) with sports-oriented and media assets
and also has access to proprietary opportunities globally that can be leveraged to drive value. Our Team s experience includes
negotiating record setting naming rights, cable, TV, radio, licensed merchandise, sponsorship and food service deals with numerous franchises,
as well as numerous facility leasing, financing and construction contracts. This experience includes managing the business operations
of professional athletes (including Michael Jordan and Patrick Ewing), sports franchises (the New York Yankees, Florida Panthers, San
Francisco 49ers, Atlanta Thrashers, Atlanta Hawks and Charlotte Bobcats) and leagues (including the WNBA, the PGA Tour and the NCAA s
Southeastern Conference). 

15 

Our
Team has also directly worked in the trenches to turnaround organizations, athletes and brands. In addition, we intend to utilize the
established global relationships of our Team both for sourcing opportunities and to grow the opportunity which we pursue. Over the course
of their careers, the members of our Team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will
serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. 

Our
Team has experience globally in: 

Managing
 brands, athletes and sports entities; 

Significant
 experience in the media, sports gaming and new technologies sectors; 

Operating
 and turning around companies, implementing and executing growth strategies and cost saving initiatives; 

Developing
 and growing companies, both organically and through acquisitions and strategic transactions, and expanding the product range; 

Providing
 strategic guidance to develop revenue and commercial opportunities; and 

Identifying,
 mentoring and recruiting world-class talent. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Consistent
with this strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter
into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet any of these criteria and guidelines. 

We
intend to seek to acquire companies, brands, assets and/or teams that we believe meet certain of the following criteria: 

Minimum
 enterprise values of between 600 million and 1 billion; 

Impacted
 by recent factors such as COVID-19, mismanagement, media issues, overextension or arbitrage (what we call special situation opportunities); 

Could
 benefit from the substantial expertise, experience and network of our Team; 

Have
 attractive growth prospects or have the potential for having attractive growth prospects; 

Have
 a competitive advantage or have the potential for having a competitive advantage; 

Exhibit
 industry leadership or have the potential for exhibiting industry leadership; 

Exhibit
 potential for global expansion in sports, sponsorship and brand recognition; 

Would
 benefit from a public acquisition currency; or ownership would benefit from liquidity; 

Demonstrate
 attractive valuation; 

Demonstrate
 potential for free cash flow generation; and 

Have
 secondary potential revenue streams. 

16 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines, as well as other considerations, factors and criteria deemed relevant by
our management in effecting our initial business combination consistent with our business objectives. In the event that we decide to
enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet any of the above criteria and guidelines, we will
disclose that the target business does not meet any of the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business
combination. 

Effecting
a Business Combination 

General 

We
intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering IPO and the private placement of
private units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination. Please see Part I, Item 1.
Business Proposed Business Combination above for information regarding a definitive agreement we have entered into in
respect of a potential business combination with Digital Virgo, our Charter Amendment that was filed with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware on February 8, 2023, and our redemption of 16,328,643 Public Shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.13 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately
 165,489,172 in connection with the stockholder approval and implementation of the Charter Amendment. 

Conversion
Rights 

At
any meeting called to approve an initial business combination (including the meeting called to approve the Digital Virgo transaction), public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of
whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination,
less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their
shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to
their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet
paid. 

Our
sponsor, initial stockholders and our officers and directors do not have conversion rights with respect to any shares of common stock
owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to our IPO or purchased by them in our IPO or in the aftermarket. Additionally,
the holders of the representative shares do not have conversion rights with respect to the representative shares. 

We
may require public stockholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender
their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials
sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether
or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking
to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of
when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise conversion rights prior to
the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated this may result in an
increased cost to stockholders. 

17 

Any
proxy solicitation materials we furnish to stockholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate
whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have
from the time the stockholder received our proxy statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve our initial business combination
to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts
of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the stockholder, whether or not he is a record holder or
his shares are held in street name, in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting
delivery of his shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot
assure you of this fact. Please see the risk factor titled In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed
initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination
to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior
to the deadline for exercising their rights for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements. 

Any
request to convert such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration
of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of public shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion
and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent
return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If
the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
conversion rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

Liquidation
if No Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of our IPO to complete
an initial business combination. This time period was extended to the New Termination Date pursuant to the Charter Amendment
described above under Part I, Item 1. Business Proposed Business Combination. If we have not completed an initial business
combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us
but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Our
sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation that would affect our public stockholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection
with a business combination as described herein or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete a business combination prior to the New Termination Date unless we provide our public stockholders with
the opportunity to convert their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest not previously released to us but net of franchise and income taxes payable,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment,
whether proposed by our sponsor, initial stockholders, executive officers, directors or any other person. 

Under
the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent
of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders
upon the redemption of 100 of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within
the required time period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures
set forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims
against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period
during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions
are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after
the third anniversary of the dissolution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the New Termination Date, and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend
well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

18 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares
in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of
three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General
Corporation Law requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because
we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.)
or prospective target businesses (including Digital Virgo). 

We
are required to seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after our IPO) and any prospective
target businesses enter into agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies
held in the trust account. As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that
any claim would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will
be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders.
Nevertheless, Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the offering, will not execute agreements
with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that other vendors, service providers
and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements
with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds
in the trust account are not reduced below 10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but we cannot assure you that it will be able
to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe
that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our sponsor will be able
to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement our sponsor entered into specifically
provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business
or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have
in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of our IPO against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust
account could be less than 10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. 

We
anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after the New Termination Date and anticipate
it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate such distribution. The holders of the founders shares and private shares
have waived their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to such shares. There will
be no distribution from the trust account with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs of any subsequent
liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our sponsor has contractually agreed
to advance us the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 15,000) and has
contractually agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. 

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of our IPO, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share redemption
price would be 10.00. As discussed above, the proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to claims of our creditors
that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. Also, as discussed above under above under Part I, Item 1. Business Proposed Business Combination, in February
2023 we redeemed 16,328,643 public shares at a redemption price of approximately 10.13 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of approximately 165,489,172, in connection with the Charter Amendment. 

19 

Our
public stockholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete a business
combination within the required time period, if the stockholders seek to have us convert or purchase their respective shares upon a business
combination which is actually completed by us or upon certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior
to consummating an initial business combination. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind
to or in the trust account. 

If
we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims
of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we
cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public stockholders at least 10.00 per share. 

If
we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions
received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer 
or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders.
Furthermore, because we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after the New Termination Date, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors
with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be
brought against us for these reasons. 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as amended in February 2023 by the Charter Amendment described above) contains
certain requirements and restrictions relating to our IPO that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business
combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of our stockholders. If we seek to amend any
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect our public stockholders ability to
convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or affect the substance or timing
of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination prior to the New Termination Date, we will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with
any such vote. This
conversion right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive
officer, director, or any other person. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect
to any founders shares, private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other
things, that: 

we
 shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders
 may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or don t
 vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2)
 provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for
 a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net
 of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we
 will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to
 or upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common
 stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

20 

if
 our initial business combination is not consummated prior to the New Termination Date, then we will redeem all of the
 outstanding public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company; 

upon
 the consummation of our IPO, approximately 258.75 million was placed into the trust account, although as noted above 16,328,643
 Public Shares were redeemed for 165.49 million in connection with the Charter Amendment described above; 

we
 may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
 or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and 

prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional stock that participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust
 account, or that votes as a class with the common stock sold in our IPO on an initial business combination. 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

We
have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to
devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based
on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of our initial business combination
process the Company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable target business to acquire has been located, management may spend more time investigating
such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had
been spent prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as
they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination. 

Periodic
Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

We
have registered our units, common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
reports, such as this annual report on Form 10-K, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered
public accountants. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation sent
to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, the financial information included in the proxy solicitation
materials will need to be prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ), or international
financial reporting standards, or IFRS, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IASB, depending on the circumstances,
and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. The financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
for the Form 8-K announcing the closing of an initial business combination, which would need to be filed within four business days thereafter.
We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary
financial information. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. 

We
have evaluated our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. A target company may not be
in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal
controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any
such acquisition. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by The Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

21 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering IPO ), (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235
billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in
non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall
have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our shares
of common stock held by non-affiliates does not equal or exceed 250.0 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues
did not equal or exceed 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates
did not equal or exceed 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of any reduced disclosure obligations,
it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks described below, which we believe
represent some of the material risks related to our securities, together with the other information contained in this annual report,
before making a decision to invest in our securities. This annual report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of
specific factors, including the risks described below. 

Risks
Relating to our Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the Transaction may not be consummated . 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement contains a number of conditions that must be fulfilled to complete the Transaction.
Those conditions include, but are not limited to: the approval of the Transaction by our shareholders; absence of any law enacted, issued,
promulgated enforced or entered by any specified governmental entity of competent jurisdiction that is in effect and makes illegal, permanently
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the merger; the continued accuracy of the representations and warranties of both
parties subject to specified materiality standards; the performance by both parties of their covenants and agreements in all material
respects; and that, since the date of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, there has been no occurrence, effect,
incident, action, failure to act or transaction that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on our
company. These conditions to the closing of the Transaction may not be fulfilled and, accordingly, the Transaction may not be consummated.
In addition, we or Digital Virgo may elect to terminate the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement in certain other circumstances,
and the parties can mutually decide to terminate the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement at any time prior to the closing
of the Transaction, whether before or after our shareholders approve the Merger. If the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement
is terminated under certain circumstances, we would be required to pay Digital Virgo a termination fee equal to 2 million. 

22 

Failure
to complete the Transaction could negatively impact our stock price and our future business and financial results . 

If
the Transaction is not consummated, our ongoing businesses may be materially and adversely affected and, without realizing any of the
benefits of having completed the Transaction, we will be subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

matters
 relating to the Transaction (including integration planning) have required and will continue to require substantial commitments of
 time and resources by our management, which could otherwise have been devoted to searching for a different target company for our
 initial business combination; 

we
 will be required to pay certain costs relating to the Transaction, including legal, accounting, filing and other fees expenses, whether
 or not the Transaction is completed; and 

the
 current price of our common stock may reflect a market assumption that the Transaction will occur, meaning that a failure to complete
 the Transaction could result in a material decline in the price of our common stock; 

Our
directors and officers may have interests in the Transaction different from the interests of our shareholders . 

Certain
of our directors and executive officers negotiated the terms of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, and our board
of directors approved the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and recommended that our shareholders vote in favor of
the Transaction. These directors and executive officers may have interests in the Transaction that are different from, or in addition
to, those of our shareholders generally. These interests include, but are not limited to, the treatment in the Transaction of warrants
and other rights held by our directors and executive officers, and provisions in the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement
regarding continued indemnification of and advancement of expenses to our directors and officers. Our shareholders should be aware of
these interests when they consider our board of directors recommendation that they vote in favor of the Transaction. 

Our
board of directors was aware of these interests when it determined that the Transaction, on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, was fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholder
and approved and declared advisable the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, the Transaction and the other transactions
contemplated by the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement. 

We
will incur direct and indirect costs as a result of the Transaction . 

We
will incur substantial expenses in connection with and as a result of completing the Transaction and over a period of time following
the consummation of the Transaction. While we have assumed that a certain level of transaction expenses will be incurred, factors beyond
our control could affect the total amount or the timing of these expenses. Many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature,
are difficult to estimate accurately. 

If
we are unable to consummate a business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait until the New Termination Date before
receiving distributions from the trust account. 

We
have until the New Termination Date to complete a business combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such
date unless we consummate a business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert or sell
their shares to us. Only after the expiration of this full time period will public security holders be entitled to distributions from
the trust account if we are unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly, investors funds may be unavailable to them
until after such date and to liquidate your investment, public security holders may be forced to sell their public shares or warrants,
potentially at a loss. 

23 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received
by stockholders may be less than 10.00. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors and service providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, they may
not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust
account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to claims which could take priority over those of our public stockholders. If we are unable to complete a business combination and distribute
the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders, our sponsor has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described elsewhere
in this annual report) that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below 10.00 per share
by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted
for or products sold to us. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations
if it is required to do so. As a result, the per-share distribution from the trust account may be less than 10.00, plus interest, due
to such claims. 

Additionally,
if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to
the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust
account, we may not be able to return to our public stockholders at least 10.00. 

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as amended by the Charter Amendment) provides that we will continue in existence only
until the New Termination Date. If we have not completed a business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of
the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including any interest not previously released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii)
and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend well beyond the third anniversary of the date of distribution. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that third parties will not
seek to recover from our stockholders amounts owed to them by us. 

If
we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions
received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer 
or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders.
Furthermore, because we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after expiration
of the time we have to complete an initial business combination, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public
stockholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed
as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company
to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

24 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate our initial business combination. 

If: 

we
 issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of
 our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock, 

the
 aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
 for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
 and 

the
 Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the price at which we issue
the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business
combination with a target business. 

Since
we have not yet completed our initial business combination, we are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the industry
or business in which we may ultimately operate. 

Although
we intend to focus on an acquisition in the sports industry, we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector
we choose. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which
we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete our initial business combination
with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business
operations of those entities. If we complete our initial business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level
of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of
the significant risk factors. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts
of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following consummation of our initial business combination. While we intend to closely
scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals
will prove to be correct. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our
success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our
officers is required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, our officers will have conflicts of interest
in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring
the related due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. 

The
role of our key personnel after consummation of our initial business combination, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although
some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that
most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals
we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and
resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

Our
officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business
we may seek to acquire. 

We
may consummate our initial business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure
you that our officers and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target
or its industry to make an informed decision regarding our initial business combination. 

25 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with our initial business combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them
to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous for us. 

Our
key personnel will be able to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination only if they are able
to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other appropriate arrangements in connection with our initial business combination.
Such negotiations will take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals
to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they will render to the company after the consummation
of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and
selecting a target business. 

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors will not commit their full time to our affairs. We presently expect each of our officers and directors to devote
such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination. The foregoing could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial
business combination. 

Our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial
business combination. 

Our
sponsor has waived its right to convert its founders shares or any other shares purchased in our IPO or thereafter, or to receive
distributions from the trust account with respect to its founders shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate a
business combination. Accordingly, the shares acquired prior to our IPO, as well as the private units and any warrants purchased by our
officers or directors in the aftermarket, will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. The personal and
financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business
and completing our initial business combination and in determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business
combination are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. 

Our
officers and directors or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and may in the future become affiliated
with other entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
officers and directors or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies. Accordingly, they
may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business
combination. As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation
to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. Additionally, our officers and
directors may in the future become affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including another blank check company
that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target
business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary
duties under Delaware law. For a more detailed description of our officers and directors business affiliations and the
potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, see the sections titled Management Directors and Executive
Officers and Management Conflicts of Interest . 

26 

EarlyBirdCapital
may have a conflict of interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial business combination. 

We
have engaged EarlyBirdCapital to assist us in connection with our initial business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee
for such services in an aggregate amount equal to up to 3.5 of the total gross proceeds raised in the offering only if we consummate
our initial business combination. The representative shares will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination.
These financial interests may result in EarlyBirdCapital having a conflict of interest when providing the services to us in connection
with an initial business combination. 

The
ability of our stockholders to exercise their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

If
our business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many
stockholders may exercise conversion rights or seek to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part
of the trust account for possible payment upon such conversion, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business
combination. In the event that the acquisition involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher
percentage of our stock to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity
financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business
combination available to us. 

In
connection with any vote to approve a business combination, we will offer each public stockholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed
business combination and still seek conversion of his, her or its shares. 

In
connection with any vote to approve a business combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our sponsor, officers or directors)
the right to have his, her or its shares of common stock converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this annual
report) regardless of whether such stockholder votes for or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all. The ability
to seek conversion while voting in favor of our proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate a business
combination. 

We
do not have a specified maximum conversion threshold. The absence of such a conversion threshold may make it easier for us to consummate
a business combination even where a substantial number of public stockholders seek to convert their shares to cash in connection with
the vote on the business combination. 

We
have no specified percentage threshold for conversion in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. As a result, we may be
able to consummate a business combination even though a substantial number of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction
and have converted their shares. However, in no event will we consummate an initial business combination unless we have net tangible
assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

In
connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish
to convert their shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion
that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

In
connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have
the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all, to demand that
we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business
combination. We may require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to
either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the
Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders option, in each case prior to a
date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination.
In order to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will
need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain
physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC,
it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short
time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate
for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their conversion
rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares. 

27 

If,
in connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish
to convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion, such converting stockholders may be unable to sell their
securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. 

If
we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion and such proposed
business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly,
investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition
until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you
may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell
their securities. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to consummate our initial business combination or to fund the operations and
growth of the target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our IPO are sufficient to allow us to consummate our initial business combination, because we have
not yet consummated any business combination, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net
proceeds of our IPO prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available
net proceeds in search of a target business, or the obligation to convert into cash a significant number of shares from dissenting stockholders,
we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that
additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we will be compelled to either
restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition,
if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target
business. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after
a business combination. 

Our
outstanding warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effect our initial
business combination. 

We
issued warrants to purchase 22,500,000 shares of common stock as part of the units offered in our IPO and private warrants included within
the private units to purchase 600,000 shares of common stock. We may also issue other units to our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers,
directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us as described in this annual report. To the extent we issue
shares of common stock to effect our initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities,
when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock and reduce the value of the shares issued to
complete the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase
the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants
could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent
these warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings. 

28 

Our
search for an initial business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination,
may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of
other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target
business with which we consummate an initial business combination could be materially and adversely affected. The COVID-19 pandemic has
adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases)
could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we
consummate an initial business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete an initial
business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential
investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction
in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for an initial business combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability
to consummate an initial business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial
business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including
as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
to us or at all. 

If
we do not conduct an adequate due diligence investigation of a target business (including Digital Virgo), we may be required to subsequently
take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

We
must conduct a due diligence investigation of the target businesses we intend to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and
expensive due to the operations, accounting, finance and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular
target business, and factors outside the control of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. If our diligence
fails to identify issues specific to a target business, industry or the environment in which the target business operates, we may be
forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
our reporting losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that
we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our common stock. In addition, charges of
this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt
held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination prior to the New Termination Date may give potential target businesses
leverage over us in negotiating a business combination. 

We
have until the New Termination Date to complete our initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into
negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target
business, we may be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer
to the time limit referenced above. 

29 

We
may not obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely
on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. 

We
will only be required to obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that
is affiliated with any of our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates. In all other instances, we will
have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly, investors will be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving
a proposed business combination. 

Resources
could be spent researching acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. 

It
is anticipated that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to complete a specific business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for
the proposed transaction likely will not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business,
we may fail to consummate the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. 

Compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of
completing an acquisition. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls. If we fail to
maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or
stockholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that our independent registered public accounting firm report on management s evaluation of
our system of internal controls. As stated above, because we are an emerging growth company we are not yet required to comply with
the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may not be in compliance with the
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any
such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such
acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the
implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or
cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our
reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

If
we effect a business combination with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction, we will be subject to a variety of additional risks
that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we consummate a business combination with a target business in a foreign country (such as Digital Virgo), we will be subject to any special
considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business home jurisdiction, including any of the following: 

rules
 and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

30 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might
suffer. 

If
we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely
govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

If
we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States (such as Digital Virgo), the laws of the country
in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that
the target business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction.
The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation
as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant
loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is
likely that substantially all of our assets will be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might
reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights,
to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities
and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under federal securities laws. 

Because
we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles or international financial reporting standards, we will not be able to complete a business combination with prospective target
businesses unless their financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international
financial reporting standards. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required
to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, U.S. GAAP, or international financial reporting standards, or IFRS, depending
on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with
any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. Additionally, to the extent we furnish
our stockholders with financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, such financial statements will need to be audited in accordance
with U.S. GAAP at the time of the consummation of the business combination. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool
of potential target businesses we may acquire. 

There
may be tax consequences to our business combinations that may adversely affect us. 

While
we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or assets and us, such business
combination might not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-deferred reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended
tax-deferred treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial
taxes. 

31 

We
may face risks related to businesses in the sports and media sectors. 

Business
combinations with companies in the sports and media sectors entail special considerations and risks, including potential limitations
and restrictions on our ability to complete business combinations imposed by professional sports leagues that prospective target businesses
may be associated with. If we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we may be subject to,
and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: 

The
 popularity of any sports franchises that we control or have partnerships with, and, in varying degrees, the ability of those franchises
 achieving competitive success, depends on the viability and the popularity of the sports leagues and sports that such franchises
 are associated with, which can generate or impact supporter enthusiasm, resulting in increased or decreased revenues; 

An
 inability to build or maintain strong brand identity and reputation and improve customer and supporter satisfaction and loyalty, 

A
 dependence in part on relationships with third parties and an inability to attract or retain sponsorships, advertisers or partners; 

An
 inability to attract or retain key personnel, including players for any sports franchises we may control, and an inability of professional
 sports leagues to maintain labor relations or successfully negotiate new collective bargaining agreements with unionized players,
 referees or other employees on favorable terms; 

An
 inability to negotiate and control pricing of key media contracts for any sports franchises we may control; 

An
 inability of any sports franchises that we control or have partnerships with to qualify for playoffs or certain competitions; 

Changes
 in pricing, including changes in the demand for tickets, media rights or consumer products associated with our target business; 

An
 inability to sell, license, market, protect and enforce the intellectual property and other rights on which our target business may
 depend; 

Seasonality
 and weather conditions that may cause our operating results to vary from quarter to quarter; 

Potential
 liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that
 we may distribute; 

Special
 rules and regulations imposed by sports leagues on franchises, including rules and regulations regarding confidentiality, investments
 and sales of interests in sports franchises, financing transactions (including the ability to incur indebtedness, make distributions
 or engage in other liquidity transactions) and insolvency and bankruptcy; 

The
 ability of the member teams of sports leagues to take actions contrary to the interests of sports franchises, including asserting
 control over certain matters such as telecast rights, licensing rights, the length and format of the playing season, the operating
 territories of member teams, admission of new members, franchise relocations, labor relations with players associations, collective
 bargaining, free agency, and luxury taxes and revenue sharing, and the imposition of sanctions or suspension on sports franchises;
 and 

Business
 interruptions due to natural disasters, terrorist incidents, outbreak of disease (including the recent COVID-19 pandemic and related
 shelter-in-place orders, travel, social distancing and quarantine policies, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions),
 and other events; 

Any
of the foregoing risks, and others, could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. Our efforts in identifying
prospective target businesses will not be limited to the sports and entertainment sectors. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business
in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry
in which we operate or target businesses which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

32 

Risks
Relating to Investing in our Securities 

You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of our IPO are intended to be used to complete a business combination with a target business that has not been identified,
we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, since we have net tangible
assets in excess of 5,000,001, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors of blank check companies such as
Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules which completely restrict the transferability
of our securities, require us to complete a business combination prior to the New Termination Date
and restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. Because we are not subject to Rule 419, our units were
immediately tradable, we have a longer period of time to consummate an initial business combination and we are entitled to withdraw amounts
from the funds held in the trust account prior to the completion of a business combination. 

The
securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest
income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in the trust account such that the per share redemption
amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The
net proceeds of our IPO and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 258,750,000, have been
held in an interest-bearing trust account. In connection with the stockholders approval and implementation of the Charter Amendment
described above, the holders of 16,328,643 Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price
of approximately 10.13 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 165,489,172. The proceeds held in the trust account
may only be invested in direct U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which
invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate
of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates
below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the
future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which
we may withdraw to pay income taxes) will be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public stockholders are entitled to receive their share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. 

We
may issue shares of our capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of
our stockholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. After our IPO and the purchase of the private
units, including the exercise of over-allotment options, there was 40,296,250 authorized but unissued shares of common stock available
for issuance (after appropriate reservation for the issuance of the shares underlying the private units and public and private warrants).
Although we have no commitment as of the date of this annual report, we may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common
stock or shares of preferred stock, or a combination of common stock and preferred stock, to complete a business combination. The issuance
of additional shares of common stock will not reduce the per-share conversion amount in the trust account. The issuance of additional
shares of common stock or preferred stock: 

may
 significantly reduce the equity interest of our existing investors; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded
 to our shares of common stock; 

may
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
 ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
 and directors; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of common stock. 

33 

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities, it could result in: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
 financing while the debt security is outstanding. 

If
we incur indebtedness, our lenders will not have a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the
per-share conversion amount in the trust account. 

If
we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders
will only be able to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. 

If
we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at
the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis provided
that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise
of the warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration
is not available, holders will not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and will only be able to exercise their warrants for cash
if a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms
of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and effective
prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential upside of the holder s investment
in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. 

An
investor will only be able to exercise a warrant if the issuance of shares of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or
qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. 

No
warrants are exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common stock issuable upon
such exercise has been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder
of the warrants. If the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification
in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants
may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold. 

The
private warrants may be exercised at a time when the public warrants may not be exercised. 

Once
the private warrants become exercisable, such warrants may immediately be exercised on a cashless basis, at the holder s option,
so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The public warrants, however, will only be exercisable
on a cashless basis at the option of the holders if we fail to register the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities
Act within 90 days following the closing of our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is possible that the holders of the private
warrants could exercise such warrants at a time when the holders of public warrants could not. 

34 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding public warrants. 

Our
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent,
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from quotation on its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Although
we expect to meet on a pro forma basis Nasdaq s minimum initial listing standards, which generally only requires that we meet certain
requirements relating to stockholders equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution
requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future prior to an initial business
combination. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new
initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. Nasdaq will also have discretionary
authority to not approve our listing if Nasdaq determines that the listing of the company to be acquired is against public policy at
that time. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange, or we are not listed in connection with our initial business combination,
we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a
 determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock which will require brokers trading in our shares of common
 stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our shares of common stock; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, common stock and warrants are
listed on Nasdaq, our units, common stock and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the
sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if
there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While
we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies,
certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers,
to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities
would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Our
initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. 

Our
initial stockholders own approximately 43.3 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. None of our sponsor, officers,
directors, advisors, initial stockholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase any units or shares of common
stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors, initial
stockholders or their affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions,
to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of shareholders seeking to tender their
shares to us. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our initial stockholders, as well as all of our
officers and directors, have agreed to vote the shares of common stock owned by them in favor of such proposed business combination.
EarlyBirdCapital has also agreed to vote the representative shares in favor of such proposed business combination. As a result, we
will need only 1,130,055 of the 9,546,357 public shares, or approximately 11.8 sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of a business
combination in order to have such business combination approved (assuming our initial stockholders, officers, directors and
EarlyBirdCapital do not purchase shares in the aftermarket). 

35 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of
directors being elected in each year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior
to the consummation of a business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the
consummation of the business combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights under corporate law until the New Termination Date. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of
the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence
regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business
combination. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants and any warrants underlying additional units issued to
our sponsor, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us) at any time after they become exercisable and prior
to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of the common stock equals or exceeds
 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within
a 30 trading-day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to proper
notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time
we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us,
we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price
therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when
you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants
are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private warrants are
redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

Our
management s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive
fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants
for cash. 

If
we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this annual report have been satisfied,
our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any private warrants) to do
so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the
number of shares of common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his
warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company. 

If
our security holders exercise their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock
and the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effect our initial business combination. 

Our
initial stockholders are entitled to make a demand that we register the resale of the founders shares at any time commencing three
months prior to the date on which their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the holders of representative shares, the private
units and any units and warrants our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment
of working capital loans made to us, are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the representative shares, private units and
any other units and warrants we issue to them (and the underlying securities) commencing at any time after we consummate our initial
business combination. The presence of these additional securities trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination
or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the stockholders of the target business may be discouraged from entering into
a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such
rights may have on the trading market for our shares of common stock. 

36 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may
be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination. 

A
company that, among other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business
of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities will be deemed an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account, it is possible that
we could be deemed an investment company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities
will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only
in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments,
we intend to meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 

If
we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be subject to certain restrictions that
may make it more difficult for us to complete a business combination, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

Compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense for which we have not allotted. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit
the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a result, at a given annual meeting only
a minority of the board of directors may be considered for election. Since our staggered board may prevent our stockholders
from replacing a majority of our board of directors at any given annual meeting, it may entrench management and discourage unsolicited
stockholder proposals that may be in the best interests of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock. 

We
are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions
may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over
prevailing market prices for our securities. 

37 

A
market for our securities may not develop or may not be sustained, which will adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The
price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions.
Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable
to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in
our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only
in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent
to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction,
or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District
of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our
capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

This
choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or any of our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and may therefore
bring a claim in another appropriate forum. We cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or
enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions,
which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Risks
Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce our sponsor s indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds
in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below 10.00 per public share and our sponsor asserts that it is unable
to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors will
determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce such indemnification obligations. It is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Additionally, each of our independent
directors is a member of our sponsor. As a result, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether to enforce our sponsor s
indemnification obligations. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds
in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

38 

General
Risk Factors 

We
have no operating history and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We
have no operating results to date. Therefore, our ability to commence operations is dependent upon obtaining financing through the public
offering of our securities. Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We have neither engaged in any operations unrelated to our search
for business combination candidates nor generated any revenue to date. We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest, after
the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company for
up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three year period or revenues exceeds 1.235 billion, or the market
value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter
of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company,
we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and we are exempt from the requirements of
holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that
have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find
our shares of common stock less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares of common stock
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results
of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with
certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply
with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. If we are unable to develop
and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and
operating results . 

In
light of guidance provided by the SEC in late 2021, our management re-evaluated our application of ASC 480-10-S99-3A to our accounting
classification of public shares. After consultation with our independent registered public accounting firm, our management and our audit
committee concluded that it was appropriate to restate our previously issued audited balance sheet, dated February 16, 2021, included
as an exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021, and our unaudited interim financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on
May 28, 2021 and August 16, 2021, respectively. As part of such process, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected
and corrected on a timely basis. 

39 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate
the identified material weaknesses. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these
initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

If
we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent
or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic
reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our
stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the
future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

We,
and following our initial business combination, the post-business combination company, may face litigation and other risks as a result
of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting . 

As
part of the restatements of our previously issued financial statements, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting. As a result of such material weakness, the restatements, the changes in accounting for our public shares and other
matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include,
among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatements
and material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date
of this annual report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation
or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a business combination. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 12600 Hill Country Blvd Building R, Suite 275, Bee Cave, Texas 78738. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any of our officers or directors in
their capacity as such, and we and our officers and directors have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding
the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
Applicable. 

40 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
units, common stock and warrants are traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols PUCKU , PUCK, and
 PUCKW , respectively. 

Holders 

As
of February 21, 2023, there were 35 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include street name, or
beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, financial institutions and other nominees. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment
of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such
time and subject to the Delaware law. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our
ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. It is the present intention
of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors
does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Our
initial stockholders purchased an aggregate of 5,750,000 founders shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in November
2020. On December 16, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of .125 of a share of common stock for each outstanding share of common stock,
and as a result, our initial shareholders hold 6,468,750 founder shares as of the date of this annual report. In December 2020, our sponsor
transferred an aggregate of 2,354,000 founder shares to our officers, directors and advisors. The number of founder shares issued was
determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion
of our initial public offering. Such securities were issued to our sponsor in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

In
addition, our sponsor purchased 667,500 private units at 10.00 per private unit for a total purchase price of 6,675,000 pursuant to
subscription agreements with us. These purchases took place on a private placement basis. The issuances were made to our sponsor pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes
of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
February 16, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 22,500,000 units, and on February 24, 2021, we issued 3,375,000 Units
pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 258,750,000.
EarlybirdCapital, Inc., acted as the representative of the several underwriters in the initial public offering. 

Concurrently with the closing of the initial public offering and over-allotment, we consummated the private placement to our sponsor
generating gross proceeds of 6,675,000. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the initial public offering and private placement as is described
in our final prospectus related to the initial public offering. For a description of the planned use of the proceeds generated from the
initial public offering and private placement, see Item 1. Business. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

41 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview

We
are a blank check company incorporated on October 26, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses Business Combination ). The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 10, 2021. On February 16, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of 22,500,000
units (the Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, for total gross proceeds of 225,000,000. On February 24, 2021, the underwriters
exercised the over-allotment option in full resulting in the closing of the issuance and sale of an additional 3,375,000 Units (the Over-Allotment
Units ). The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds
of 33,750,000. Each Unit consists of one shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, and one redeemable warrant entitling its holder
to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 600,000 units (the Private Units ), at a price of 10.00
per Private Unit. On February 24, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated
the sale of an additional 67,500 Private Units (the Over-Allotment Private Units and, together with the IPO Private Placement,
the Private Placements ), generating gross proceeds of 6,675,000. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net loss of 296,853. We incurred 3,656,059 of formation and operating costs consisting mostly
of general and administrative expenses and business combination expenses. We also recognized a 709,969 provision for income taxes. We
had investment income of 3,730,147 on amounts held in the trust account and also recognized a 339,028 gain from the change in the fair
value of the warrant liability. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 1,277,454. We incurred 1,596,618 of formation and operating costs consisting
mostly of general and administrative expenses. We had investment income of 25,592 on amounts held in the trust account and also recognized
a 293,572 gain from the change in the fair value of the warrant liability. 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
February 8, 2023, we entered into an Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the Amended and Restated Business Combination
Agreement with Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp., a Nevada corporation Goal Nevada ), Digital Virgo Group, a French
corporation soci t par actions simplifi e ( Digital Virgo ), all shareholders of Digital Virgo
(the Digital Virgo Shareholders ), and IODA S.A., in its capacity as the DV Shareholders Representative (as
defined in the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement), which amends and restates the Business Combination Agreement, dated
as of November 17, 2022, by and among the Company, Digital Virgo, and certain other parties in its entirety. 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Goal Nevada entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company will, prior to the Closing (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), reincorporate as a Nevada corporation by merging with and into Goal Nevada, a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, with Goal Nevada surviving the merger (the Reincorporation Merger ). 

42 

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and after the consummation of the Reincorporation Merger, Digital Virgo will
acquire all of the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada whereby the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada will be exchanged for shares of Digital
Virgo by means of a statutory share exchange under Nevada law (the Exchange ). 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and the Exchange, as well as the Merger Agreement and the Reincorporation Merger,
were approved by the board of directors of the Company. 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto.
The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement is subject to certain conditions
as further described therein. 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed
Merger is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

See
the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by us with the SEC on February 10, 2023 for a copy of the Amended and Restated Business Combination
Agreement and the Merger Agreement and additional information. 

Extension
and Redemptions 

On
February 7, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment (the Trust Agreement Amendment to the Investment Management Trust
Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental (the Trust Agreement ), to change the date on which Continental must commence liquidation of the amount on deposit in the
trust account (the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering from February
16, 2023 to March 18, 2023, subject to extension by the board of directors for up to five additional thirty-day periods (the latest of
which such date is referred to as the New Termination Date ). 

On
February 7, 2023, our stockholders also approved an amendment (the Charter Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of the Company (the Charter to (i) extend the initial period of time by which the Company has to consummate
an initial business combination to the New Termination Date and (ii) make other administrative and technical changes in the Charter in
connection with the New Termination Date, in each case, pursuant to an amendment in the form set forth in Annex A of the proxy statement
that we filed with the SEC on January 9, 2023. We filed the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
February 8, 2023. 

In
connection with our stockholders approval and implementation of the Charter Amendment Proposal, the holders of 16,328,643 Public
Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.13 per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately 165,489,172. Following such redemptions, 9,546,357 Public Shares remain outstanding and we expect
to have approximately 96,751,378 remaining in the Trust Account. 

See
the proxy statement filed by us with the SEC on January 9, 2023 and the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by us with the SEC on February
8, 2023 for additional information. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 10,897 in cash and a working capital deficit of 3,943,153. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, our initial stockholders, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide
us with working capital loans (see Note 5 of the accompanying financial statements). There are currently no amounts outstanding under
any working capital loans. 

In
addition, in May 2021, we received a commitment letter from the Sponsor whereby the Sponsor committed to fund any working capital shortfalls
through the earlier of an initial Business Combination or our liquidation. The loans would be issued as required and each loan would
be evidenced by a promissory note, up to an aggregate of 300,000. In August 2021, we received a new commitment letter from the Sponsor
to increase such loan amount up to 500,000. The loans will be non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable upon the consummation of our
initial Business Combination or at the holder s discretion, convertible into warrants of the Company at a price of 1.50 per warrant. 

43 

Effective
as of November 4, 2021, upon approval of the Board of Directors, we entered into an Expense Advancement Agreement with Goal Acquisitions
Sponsor, LLC (the Funding Party ). Pursuant to the Expense Advancement Agreement, the Funding Party has agreed to advance
to us from time to time, upon request by us, a maximum of 1,500,000 in the aggregate, in each instance issued pursuant to the terms
of a promissory note, as may be necessary to fund our expenses relating to the investigation and selection of a target business and other
working capital requirements prior to completion of any potential Business Combination. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Expense Advancement Agreement, if we complete a Business Combination, we will repay all outstanding loaned amounts.
No interest accrues on the unpaid principal balance of any Promissory Note. The Funding Party cannot seek repayment from the trust account
for amounts owed under the Expense Advancement Agreement. All loans from the Funding Party are convertible into warrants to purchase
shares of common stock (the Conversion Warrants ), at the option of the Funding Party. The number of Conversion Warrants
granted will be equal to the portion of the principal amount of the Promissory Note being converted, divided by 1.50 (as adjusted for
any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction related to our common stock occurring after
the date of the Expense Advancement Agreement), rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Warrants shall be identical
to those warrants that were issued in a private placement that closed concurrently with our initial public offering. The holders of Conversion
Warrants or shares of common stock underlying the Conversion Warrants are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights
pursuant to the terms of the Expense Advancement Agreement. All previously outstanding commitments from the Sponsor have been consolidated
under the Expense Advancement Agreement, effective November 4, 2021. 

Until
consummation of its Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the trust account, and any additional Working
Capital Loans for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target
businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating
the Business Combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or its
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we will repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000
of such working capital loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. The
units would be identical to the Private Units. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the working capital loans. 

We
will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or
third parties. Our officers, directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time,
in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able
to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve
liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction,
and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable
terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that
our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are issued. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards
Board s FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until August 15, 2023, assuming the Board of Directors
approves all five 30-day extensions approved by our stockholders to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be
able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date and an extension of
the period of time the Company has to complete a business combination has not been approved by the Company s stockholders, there
will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. We have determined that our insufficient capital and mandatory
liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and an extension not approved by the stockholders of the Company, and potential
subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date
these financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company
be required to liquidate after August 15, 2023. We intend to continue to complete a business combination, including the Transaction,
before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

44 

Our
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that the specific impact is not readily determinable as of
the date of the balance sheet. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further,
the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K and the specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable
as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Under
the current rules and regulations of the SEC we are not deemed an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940
(the Investment Company Act however, on March 30, 2022, the SEC proposed new rules (the Proposed Rules relating, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company
Act and the regulations thereunder. The Proposed Rules provide a safe harbor for companies from the definition of investment company 
under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration
limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically,
to comply with the safe harbor, the Proposed Rules would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has
entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date
of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial
business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of such registration statement. 

There
is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours. We did
not enter into a definitive business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date of our registration statement relating
to our initial public offering and there is a risk that we may not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of such
date. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we
were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete
an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able
to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock
and warrants following such a transaction. 

Currently,
the funds in our trust account are held only in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. The Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any
issuer which (i) is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting,
or trading in securities; (ii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment
type, or has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding; or (iii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the
business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities
having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated
basis. 

45 

The
longer that the funds in the trust account are held in money market funds, there is a greater risk that we may be considered an unregistered
investment company. In the event we are deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, whether based upon our activities,
the investment of our funds, or as a result of the Proposed Rules being adopted by the SEC, we may determine that we are required to
liquidate the money market funds held in our trust account and may thereafter hold all funds in our trust account in cash until the earlier
of consummation of our business combination or liquidation. As a result, if we were to switch all funds to cash, we will likely receive
minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in our trust account after such time, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders
would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of our Company. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair
value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various
other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Warrant
Liabilities 

We
account for the warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815 ), under which the warrants do not
meet the criteria for equity classification and must be recorded as liabilities. As the warrants meet the definition of a derivative
as contemplated in ASC 815, the Warrants are measured at fair value at inception and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820,
Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the Statement of Operations in the period of change. 

Common
stock subject to possible redemption 

The
Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the
control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s
common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, 25,875,000 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption are
presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to
equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock
are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Loss Per Common Stock 

The
Company has one class of common stock. Our common stock sold in the IPO is subject to possible redemption. The 25,875,000 shares of common
stock underlying the outstanding warrants were excluded from diluted earnings per common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022 because
the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net loss per common share
is the same as basic net loss per common share for the periods. 

46 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic
470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify
accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion
and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity
classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible
debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings
per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective
for the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption
permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 is not expected to have an impact on our financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. 

JOBS
Act 

On
April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements
for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply
with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to
delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards
on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

As
an emerging growth company , we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report
on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure
that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii)
comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s
report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose
certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of
the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion
of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

47 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional
analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes
that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management
has identified a material weakness in internal controls related to the accounting for complex financial instruments. While we have processes
to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to continue to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing
the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel and third-party
professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished
over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
 and 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our
review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to
accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and
consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

48 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Harvey
 Schiller 
 
 83 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 William
 T. Duffy 
 
 67 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 David
 Falk 
 
 72 
 
 Director,
 Senior Advisor 
 
 Donna
 Orender 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Kenneth
 L. Shropshire 
 
 68 
 
 Director 

Harvey
Schiller has served as our Chief Executive Officer since November 2020. General Schiller is Chairman of Charlestowne Holdings,
a financial advisory firm (2018-present). He is Vice Chairman of the digital, media and sports practice of the Diversified Search Group
(2015-present). He previously served as Commissioner of the Southeastern Conference (1986-1990) and America s Cup (2015-2017),
executive director of the United States Olympic Committee (1990-1995), president of Turner Sports (1995-2000), president of Atlanta Thrashers
NHL hockey team (1997-1999), Chairman of the financial services firm Assante USA (2002-2004), Chairman of the security firm Global Options
(2006-2013), and Chairman of YankeeNets, owners of the New York Yankees, New Jersey Devils, and New Jersey Nets (2000-2002) and developer
of the YES network (2001-2002). He is lead director of Mesa Air Group (2015-present), and board member of Blinktbi (2018-present) and
chair of Sportsgrid and the Collegiate Sports Management Group (2018-present). General Schiller served a distinguished career as an Air
Force pilot (1962-1986) and was a Presidential appointed permanent professor (1980-1986) at the U.S. Air Force Academy and White House
Commission on Presidential Scholars (2005-2009). Other appointments include NCAA executive committee (1982-1988), Olympic Games consultant
(1984-2012), International Baseball President, board member of the Baseball Hall of Fame (present) and World Baseball Classic (present).
General Schiller is a distinguished graduate of The Citadel and earned a PhD in Chemistry from the University of Michigan. 

49 

William
T. Duffy has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer since November 2020. Mr. Duffy serves as the Vice
Chairman of The Aspire Sports Marketing Group, LLC Aspire ), a sports consulting firm which he co-founded in 2008. From
2016 to 2019, he was the CEO of Aspire and he previously held other positions at Aspire, including two years as COO, and has served on
its board of managers since 2014. Mr. Duffy s career has focused on turnarounds of underperforming franchises with a focus on maximizing
employee performance and revenue generation and reducing operating costs, while creating cultures of accountability through hands on
leadership and career development of employees. His international experience at Aspire includes consulting on projects with The R 
A, Leicester City FC and Tijuana Xolos (Liga MX). From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Duffy briefly left Aspire and oversaw finance and arena operations
in a variety of roles at Bobcats Sports and Entertainment, including roles as EVP, CFO and CAO. He served as liaison to the City of Charlotte
for the expansion NBA Franchise Charlotte Bobcats and Time Warner Cable Arena. Prior to Aspire, Mr. Duffy held the positions of CFO of
the San Francisco 49ers (1996-1999), CAO of the Buffalo Bills (1999-2000), CFO of the Florida Panthers (2001-2003) and EVP, CFO of Atlanta
Spirit, LLC (2004-2008), a group that bought the operating rights of the Atlanta Hawks, Atlanta Thrashers and Philips Arena in 2004 Mr.
Duffy holds a Masters of Science in Accounting from New York University, and AB in Economics from Princeton University and has earned
a CPA. 

David
B. Falk serves as a member of our board of directors and as our Senior Advisor. Mr. Falk is the founder of Falk Associates Management
Enterprises (FAME) which provides specialized and personal representation services to the company s elite clientele of NBA superstars.
Prior to founding FAME in 1992, Mr. Falk served as vice chairman of ProServ where he represented numerous professional athletes. Mr.
Falk has successfully negotiated a number of large and notable NBA contracts, including Alonzo Mourning s historical 100 million
contract in 1995 and Michael Jordan s 1996 one-year contract for 30 million. Mr. Falk was also influential in the creation of
the Air Jordan brand and was an executive producer of the movie Space Jam. Mr. Falk is an investor in Consumable,
a digital advertising company, Hyperwave, a cooking technology company, Ostendo, a quantum photonics technology company, Wheels Up, an
aviation company, and Block Six Analytics. Mr. Falk first attended and is now a member of the Board of Trustees for Syracuse University.
Mr Falk endowed and founded the David B. Falk College of Sports and Human Dynamics at Syracuse University, a leading sports program in
the U.S. Mr. Falk was selected to serve on the board of directors due to his significant and world-renowned experience in the sports
industry. 

Donna
Orender serves as a member of our board of directors. Ms. Orender spent 17 years at the PGA TOUR where she served as one of three
senior executives in the Office of the Commissioner. During her time there, she exponentially grew the TOUR s television rights
and led a major expansion of global production, programming distribution and digital business while also founding PGA TOUR Radio with
partner Sirius XM. From 2005 to 2010, Ms. Orender served as the President of the WNBA. During her term business metrics that saw growth
included sponsorship, television ratings, profitability and attendance growth (following an eight year decline). Ms. Orender began her
current role as Chief Executive Officer of Orender Unlimited, a consulting and advisory firm, in 2011. Ms. Orender serves on the nominating
and compensation committees for the V Foundation for Cancer Research board, the board of the World Surf League, and is the founder of
Generation W, an organization that focuses on educating, inspiring and connecting women and girls in the service of building better communities.
Ms. Orender received a B.A. from Queens College and is a multiple hall of fame athlete. Ms. Orender received a B.A. from Queens College.
Ms. Orender was selected to serve on the board of directors due to her significant and trailblazing experience in the sports industry. 

Kenneth
L. Shropshire serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Shropshire has been a faculty member of the Wharton School at
the University of Pennsylvania Wharton since 1986, where he is now an emeritus professor, with an expertise in sports
business and law. During his tenure at Wharton, Mr. Shropshire founded the Wharton Sports Business Initiative in 2004, a sports business
research center and served as a director until 2017. One such example of the innovative programming Mr. Shropshire developed at Wharton
includes the NFL/NFLPA Player Business Education Transition Program. Currently, in addition to being a professor emeritus at Wharton,
Mr. Shropshire is the Chief Executive Officer of the Global Sport Institute, and serves as the Adidas Distinguished Professor of Global
Sport at Arizona State University since joining in 2017. Mr. Shropshire has served as a director of Moelis Company since 2014.
In addition, Mr. Shropshire acts as an advisor to multiple organizations in the sports industry, including Altius Sports Partners, Arctos
Sports Partners, Overtime Elite, and Pro Sports Assembly. Mr. Shropshire earned an undergraduate degree in economics from Stanford University
and a law degree from Columbia University, and is a member of the California bar. He joined the law firm of Manatt, Phelps, Rothenberg
and Tunney in Los Angeles prior to working with the 1984 Olympic Games and beginning his lengthy career at Wharton. Mr. Shropshire was
also the former President of the Sports Lawyers Association, the largest organization of sports lawyers in the world. Mr. Shropshire
was selected to serve on the board of directors due to his significant and world-renowned experience in the sports industry as well as
his experience serving on boards of directors. 

50 

Past
performance of our Team is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business
combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical performance
record of our Team as indicative of our future performance. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our Team
have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. Our officers and directors have no experience with special purpose
acquisition companies. In addition, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest with other entities to which they owe fiduciary
or contractual obligations with respect to initial business combination opportunities. For a list of our officers and directors and entities
for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between such persons and the company, as well as the priority and preference that
such entity has with respect to performance of obligations and presentation of business opportunities to us, please refer to the table
and subsequent explanatory paragraph under Management Conflicts of Interest . 

Advisors 

Jon
Miller serves as Chairman of our advisory board as well as a board observer. Mr. Miller currently serves as a director of Akamai
Technologies, Inc., Nielsen Holdings plc., AMC Networks Inc., Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. and J2 Global, Inc. From 2013 until
January 2018, Mr. Miller was a partner at Advancit Capital, where he continues to serve as an advisor and member of the Investment Committee.
He previously has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Digital Media Group at News Corp., and was its Chief Digital
Officer from April 2009 to September 2012. Mr. Miller was a founding partner of Velocity Interactive Group, an investment firm focusing
on internet and digital media, from its inception in 2007 to 2009. Prior to founding Velocity, Mr. Miller served as the Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of America Online, Inc. AOL from 2002 to 2006. Prior to joining AOL, Mr. Miller served as Chief
Executive Officer and President of USA Information and Services. Mr. Miller previously served as a director of, among others, Houghton
Mifflin Harcourt Co., Ticketmaster, LiveNation Entertainment, Inc., RTL Group SA, Shutterstock, Inc. and TripAdvisor, Inc.. Mr. Miller
is a trustee of the American Film Institute and The Paley Center for Media. Mr. Miller holds a B.A. from Harvard College. 

Alex
Greystoke serves as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Greystoke is a successful serial entrepreneur
with a breadth of skills in a diverse range of industries. Mr. Greystoke is the founder of multiple AI technology companies including
TripChamp, VacationChamp and TravelChamp. He is the inventor of three granted artificial intelligence patents, with eight pending patent
applications. Mr. Greystoke is also an investor with investments in real estate, food and beverage, technology and other sectors. Mr.
Greystoke founded HSC, a boutique corporate finance business raising money for and helping emerging companies commercialize in a range
of sectors including technology, energy, healthcare and consumer products utilizing his wide network of partners throughout Asia, Europe,
the Middle East and the U.S. Mr. Greystoke has served as director to numerous companies in the education, technology, AI and renewable
energy spaces, and has served as a Chairman to a U.K. listed Chinese manufacturing company. 

Raghu
Kilambi serves as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Kilambi has been CEO of PowerTap Hydrogen Fueling
Corp. since May 2020. Mr. Kilambi previously served as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of ConversionPoint Technologies from
December 2017 to January 2020. ConversionPoint was sold in two transactions to a private equity-backed group and a strategic buyer. Mr.
Kilambi has also been the principal of Kirarv Capital, a technology investment firm, since June 2009. Mr. Kilambi has raised over 1
billion of equity and debt capital for growth private and public companies in his career and has also been a senior officer and director
of companies that were awarded Barron s ASAP Magazine Top Ramp Champ awards and Profit Magazine s Top 3 Growth Company awards.
Previously, from 1998 to 2001, Mr. Kilambi was the Co-Founder, CFO and Chief Strategy Officer of FutureLink Corp., a leading first-generation
VC-backed cloud computing technology company that grew from startup to over 100 million in annualized revenues. Mr. Kilambi graduated
with Great Distinction with a Bachelor of Commerce (University Scholar), received a Graduate Diploma in Public Accounting from McGill
University (Top 10 List), and qualified as a Canadian Chartered Accountant in 1989 (inactive). 

Amber
Allen serves as a member of our advisory board . Ms. Allen s experience has been focused in the technology,
entertainment and gaming industries, having spent her career at major companies including Reebok, Disney, Warner Bros., and Riot Games.
Currently, Ms. Allen serves as the founder of Double A Labs, a leader in developing transformative technologies and experiences for brand
engagement . Ms. Allen serves on the Advisory Board of University of Texas Game and Development Design and is a member of
the Fashion Institute of Technology. Ms. Allen also volunteers with Women Who Code and is an advisor to both Dell Women s Entrepreneurship
Network and Dell Project Innovate. 

51 

Bart
Oates serves as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Oates was a starting center for the USFL Philadelphia Stars, New York Giants
and San Francisco 49ers, for a total 14 seasons of professional football. In the offseasons, Mr. Oates attended Seton Hall Law School
where he graduated with honors and joined the law firm of Ribis, Graham Curtin in Morristown N.J., where he focused on litigation
and real estate tax appeal work. Currently, Mr. Oates serves as President of the NFL Alumni Association, a position that allows him to
advocate on behalf of former players to establish benefits and opportunities. 

Martin
Gruschka serves as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Gruschka began his career in 1990 as a management consultant for a Deutsche
Bank Group subsidiary, with a focus on East German Privatization projects. Thereafter, he led the European media practice of Arthur D.
Little, a global management consulting group, from 1996 to 1999. Having spent time as an associate director at Deutsche Morgan Grenfell s
media investment banking division, he co-founded Springwater Capital LLC in 2002 where he currently acts as Managing Partner. Mr. Gruschka
has served as Chairman, President, Board Member and CEO of more than forty companies throughout Europe and the U.S. in a diverse range
of sectors, including media communications, aerospace, engineering, logistics, recycling, technology, tourism and business process
outsourcing. 

Danielle
Cantor Jeweler serves as a member of our advisory board. Ms. Jeweler is the Executive Vice President and Partner at FAME, and
is an NBPA Certified Agent, representing current and retired NBA talent. Together with partner David Falk, Danielle negotiates contracts
for a number of NBA players. Ms. Jeweler has also negotiated a myriad of national and international endorsement deals for her basketball
clients. In September 2017, Danielle was honored by the Sports Business Journal as a Gamechanger in the sports industry, as the only
female registered agent with active NBA clients. In July 2019, she negotiated the largest guaranteed sports contract by a female agent
(Malcolm Brogdon, with the Indiana Pacers, for 4 years and 85 million). Ms. Jeweler is a member of the Leadership Council for PeacePlayers,
International, and she serves on the Board of Advisors for Most Valuable Kids, the Roy Hibbert Foundation, and Little Smiles. A native
Washingtonian, Ms. Jeweler graduated from the University of Pennsylvania UPenn in the Annenberg School for Communications
and from The Wharton School for Business. Ms. Jeweler is a competitive youth girls soccer coach and played Division 1 soccer at UPenn. 

Marc
Wade serves as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Wade is a financier, philanthropist and founder of Wade Company, a family
office. Mr. Wade has historically invested in a diversified portfolio of businesses with a primary focus on asset backed lending. His
portfolio has included commercial real estate, banking, energy, sports and entertainment, technology and securities lending. Mr. Wade
was a minority investor in the NHL franchise New Jersey Devils and Devils Entertainment. Mr. Wade is also Co-Founder of BTI, one of South
America s largest aggregators of cell phone towers. 

Garret
Klugh serves as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Klugh is the COO of Falk Ventures. He is an internationally recognized Olympian
and frequent guest speaker, lecturer and panelist in the sports-tech industry. Mr. Klugh earned his undergraduate degree at San Diego
State University and his MBA from George Washington University. At SDSU, Mr. Klugh served as the President of the men s rowing
team. He went on to represent the U.S. on six National Teams and one Olympic Team (Athens 2004). Mr. Klugh won the World Rowing Championship
in 1999 and was honored to be selected by his peers as the Athlete Representative on the Board of Directors for USRowing. 

Doug
Perlman serves as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Perlman is the founder and CEO of Sports Media Advisors SMA ),
a boutique advisory firm which focuses on the intersection of sports, television and digital media. Mr. Perlman has worked on all of
SMA s client engagements including those with the NFL, NASCAR, USTA, UFC, Hockey Canada, Little League, NextVR and several leading
private equity firms. Prior to SMA, he established himself throughout the sports industry in senior executive roles at the NHL and IMG.
Among other accolades, Mr. Perlman has been named to the prestigious Sports Business Journal Forty Under 40 three times, earning a spot
in their Hall of Fame. Mr. Perlman has been recognized by multiple industry publications and organizations as a leader
in the sports, media, and technology industries, including being named one of the 100 Most Powerful People in Sports by the Sporting
News while at the NHL. Mr. Perlman regularly appears on television and is often a featured speaker at industry and other events. 

52 

We
currently expect our advisors to (i) assist us in sourcing, negotiating and consummating a potential business combination, (ii) provide
their business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and (iii) upon our request, provide their business insights
as we work to create additional value in the businesses that we acquire. However, they have no written advisory agreement with us. Additionally,
these individuals have no other employment or compensation arrangements with us. They will not serve on the board or any committee thereof,
nor will they have any voting or decision making capacity on our behalf. They will also not be required to devote any specific amount
of time to our efforts or be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject. Accordingly, if any of them
become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for us, they are under no obligation to introduce it to us before
any other prospective acquiror. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

There
are currently no legal proceedings, and during the past 10 years there have been no legal proceedings, that are material to the evaluation
of the ability or integrity of any of our directors. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of any publicly traded
class of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of equity securities of the Company with the SEC.
Officers, directors, and greater-than-ten-percent stockholders are required by the SEC s regulations to furnish the Company with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. 

Based
solely upon a review of Forms 3 and Forms 4 furnished to the Company during the most recent fiscal year, and Forms 5 with respect to
its most recent fiscal year, we believe that all such forms required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely
filed by the officers, directors, and security holders required to file the same during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Certain
Corporate Governance Matters 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical
principles that govern all aspects of our business. A copy of the code of ethics is available on our website at www.goalacquisitions.com/#governance,
and will be provided without charge upon request. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code
of ethics in a current report on Form 8-K. 

Identification
of Audit Committee and Financial Expert 

Our
board of directors has a standing audit committee that operates under a written charter approved by our board of directors, which charter
reflects the applicable standards and requirements adopted by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq. 

The
audit committee is chaired by Ms. Orender and consists of Ms. Orender, Messrs. Falk and Shropshire, each of whom is an independent director.
Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Orender qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under
rules and regulations of the SEC. 

53 

Conflicts
of Interest 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that: 

except
 as may be prescribed by any written agreement with us, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
 or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of
 our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
 for us to pursue; and 

our
 officers and directors will not be liable to our company or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of any fiduciary duty
 by reason of any of our activities or any of our sponsor or its affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 

Our
officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with other companies. In order to minimize potential conflicts of
interest which may arise from such other corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant
to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of our execution of a definitive agreement for a business combination, our liquidation
or such time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any
other entity, any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any fiduciary or contractual
obligations he might have. The foregoing agreement does not restrict our officers and directors from becoming affiliated with other companies
in the future which could take priority over our company. However, we believe that such agreement still benefits us because our officers
and directors are obligated to present suitable business opportunities to us to the extent that none of their other fiduciary or contractual
obligations require them to present it to another entity. 

The
following table summarizes the pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors besides our sponsor: 

Name
 of Individual 
 
 Name
 of Affiliated Entity 
 
 Harvey
 Schiller 
 
 Diversified
 Search, Sportsgrid, Charlestowne Holdings, Schiller Management Group, Mesa Airlines, Blinktbi 
 
 William
 T. Duffy 
 
 The
 Aspire Sports Marketing Group, LLC 
 
 David
 Falk 
 
 Falk
 Associates Management Enterprises 
 
 Donna
 Orender 
 
 Orender
 Unlimited 
 
 Kenneth
 L. Shropshire 
 
 Moelis
 Company, Global Sport Institute at Arizona State University, Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania 

While
the foregoing may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

Investors
should also be aware of the following additional potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating their time among various business activities. 

Unless
 we consummate our initial business combination, our officers, directors and sponsor will not receive reimbursement or repayment for
 any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them, or loans made to us, to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available
 proceeds not deposited in the trust account. 

The
 founders shares beneficially owned by our initial stockholders and the private units purchased by our sponsor, and any warrants
 which our officers or directors may purchase in the aftermarket will expire worthless if a business combination is not consummated.
 Additionally, our officers and directors and affiliates will not receive liquidation distributions from the trust account with respect
 to any of the founders shares or private shares. 

54 

For
the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate to
effect a business combination with. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our officers, directors, sponsor or initial stockholders unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated
stockholders from a financial point of view. We will also need to obtain the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent
directors. Furthermore, in no event will any of our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective affiliates be paid any
compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is) other than the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors, initial stockholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, repayment
of the 200,000 loan and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. 

Other
than the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors, initial stockholders or their affiliates
in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and the repayment of the 200,000 loan made by our sponsor to
us, no compensation or fees of any kind will be paid to our sponsor, initial stockholders, members of our Team or their respective affiliates,
for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of
transaction that it is). However, they will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with
activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses
and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of consulting, success or finder fees payable by us upon consummation of
an initial business combination. Additionally, there is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided,
however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses will not be
reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting
held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive
and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a current
report on Form 8-K or a periodic report, as required by the SEC. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of the date of this annual
report by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
 of our officers and directors; and 

all
 of our officers and directors as a group. 

55 

Our
sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,750,000 founders shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On December 16, 2020,
we effected a stock dividend of .125 of a share of common stock for each outstanding share of common stock, and as a result, our initial
shareholders hold 6,468,750 founder shares as of the date of this annual report. In December 2020, our sponsor transferred an aggregate
of 2,354,000 founder shares to our officers, directors and advisors. In January 2021, we issued to EarlyBirdCapital and its designees
150,000 shares of common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial
ownership of the warrants included in the units or the private warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of April
7, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Goal Acquisitions Sponsor, LLC 
 4,782,250 (2) 
 28.4 
 
 Atalaya Capital Management LP 
 2,000,000 (3) 
 11.9 
 
 Jane Street Group, LLC 
 1,688,982 (4) 
 10.0 
 
 Harvey Schiller (Chief Executive Officer) 
 560,000 (5) 
 3.3 
 
 William T. Duffy (Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer) 
 250,000 (5) 
 1.5 
 
 David Falk (Director, Senior Advisor) 
 150,000 (5) 

Donna Orender (Director) 
 50,000 (5) 

Kenneth L. Shropshire (Director) 
 75,000 (5) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (5 individuals) 
 1,085,000 
 6.4 

Less
 than 1 . 
 
 (1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Goal Acquisitions Corp., 12600 Hill Country Blvd Building
 R, Suite 275, Bee Cave, Texas 78738. 
 
 (2) 
 According to the Schedule 13D filing on February 21, 2023, Goal Acquisitions Sponsor, LLC holds 6,458,750 founders shares and 667,500
private shares. The amount reported in this table represents
 securities held by Goal Acquisitions Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor. Alex Greystoke, Raghu Kilambi and William T. Duffy comprise the Board
 of Managers of our sponsor. Any action by our sponsor with respect to our company or the founder shares, including voting and dispositive
 decisions, requires a majority vote of the managers of the board of managers. Under the so-called rule of three, because
 voting and dispositive decisions are made by a majority of our sponsor s managers, none of the managers of our sponsor is deemed
 to be a beneficial owner of our sponsor s securities, even those in which such manager holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly,
 none of our directors or officers is deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the founder shares held by our sponsor. 
 
 (3) 
 According
 to the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022, Atalaya Capital Management LP ACM ), Atalaya Special
 Purpose Investment Fund LP ASPIF ), Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund, Ltd. CEOF ), Corbin Capital Partners
 GP, LLC Corbin GP ), Corbin Capital Partners, L.P. CCP ), and Corbin Opportunity Fund, L.P. COF may be deemed members of a group, as defined in Rule 13d-5 under the Act, with respect to the shares of our common stock. Such group
 may be deemed to beneficially own 2,000,000 shares of our common stock. ACM and ASPIF maintain shared voting power and shared dispositive
 power over an aggregate of 785,714 shares of our common stock. CEOF maintains shared voting power and shared dispositive power over
 an aggregate of 734,424 shares of our common stock. Corbin GP and CCP maintain shared voting power and shared dispositive power over
 an aggregate of 1,214,286 shares of our common stock. COF maintains shared voting power and shared dispositive power over an aggregate
 of 479,862 shares of our common stock. CEOF, Corbin GP and CCP disclaim beneficial ownership over the shares of our common stock
 held directly by ASPIF. ASPIF and ACM disclaim beneficial ownership over the shares of our common stock held directly by CEOF and
 COF. According to its Schedule 13G/A, the address of the principal business office of ACM and ASPIF is One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd
 Floor, New York, NY 10020. According to its Schedule 13G/A, the address of the principal business office of each of CEOF, Corbin
 GP, CCP, and COF is 590 Madison Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10022. 
 
 (4) 
 According
 to the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Jane Street Group, LLC, Jane Street Capital, LLC, and Jane Street Global
 Trading, LLC maintain shared voting power and shared dispositive power over an aggregate of 1,688,982 shares of our common stock.
 According to its Schedule 13G, the address of the principal business office of each of Jane Street Group, LLC, Jane Street Capital,
 LLC, and Jane Street Global Trading, LLC is 250 Vesey Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10281. 
 
 (5) 
 Does
 not include any securities held by Goal Acquisitions Sponsor, LLC, of which each person is a member. Each such person disclaims beneficial
 ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of his ultimate pecuniary interest therein. 

56 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

In
November 2020, we issued 5,750,000 shares of common stock to our initial stockholders for 25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately
 0.004 per share, in connection with our organization. On December 16, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of .125 of a share of common
stock for each outstanding share of common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 6,468,750 founder shares
as of the date of this annual report. In December 2020, our sponsor transferred an aggregate of 2,354,000 founder shares to our officers,
directors and advisors. If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of their over-allotment option, our initial stockholders
will forfeit up to an aggregate of 843,750 shares of common stock in proportion to the portion of the over-allotment option that was
not exercised. 

Our
sponsor purchased, pursuant to written subscription agreements with us, the 667,500 private units (for a total purchase price of 6,675,000)
from us. The private units are identical to the units sold in our IPO except that the private warrants: (i) are not redeemable by us
and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this annual report, so long as they are held by the initial
purchaser or any of their permitted transferees. Once the private warrants are transferred to anyone other than a permitted transferee,
the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units
sold in our IPO. Our purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units and underlying securities (except
to certain permitted transferees) until after the completion of our initial business combination. Furthermore, they have agreed (A) to
vote the private shares in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to convert any private shares in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or sell any private shares to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed
initial business combination and (C) that the private shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from our trust account
upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination,
the private units will likely be worthless. 

Effective
as of November 4, 2021, upon approval of the Board, the Company entered into an Expense Advancement Agreement with Goal Acquisitions
Sponsor, LLC (the Funding Party ). Pursuant to the Expense Advancement Agreement, the Funding Party has agreed to advance
to the Company from time to time, upon request by the Company, a maximum of 1,500,000 in the aggregate, in each instance issued pursuant
to the terms of the form of promissory note as may be necessary to fund the Company s expenses relating to the investigation and
selection of a target business and other working capital requirements prior to completion of any potential Business Combination. 

The
holders of our founders shares issued and outstanding on the date of this annual report, as well as the holders of the representative
shares, private units and any units our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment
of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), are entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement signed
in connection with our IPO. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such
securities. The holders of the majority of the founders shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing
three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the
private units and units issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these
registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital and the other holders of the representative shares may only make a demand on one occasion
and only during the five-year period beginning on February 10, 2021. In addition, EarlyBirdCapital and the other holders of the representative
shares may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the seven-year period beginning on February 10, 2021. We
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

We
have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

57 

Other
than the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors, initial stockholders or their affiliates
in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and repayment of the 200,000 loan, no compensation or fees of
any kind will be paid to our sponsor, initial stockholders, members of our Team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered
prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on
our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business
combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their
operations. There is no limit on the amount of consulting, success or finder fees payable by us upon consummation of an initial business
combination. Additionally, there is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the
extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses will not be reimbursed by us unless
we consummate an initial business combination. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting
held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive
and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a current
report on Form 8-K or a periodic report, as required by the SEC. 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by a majority of our uninterested independent directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the
transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any
such transaction unless our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less
favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related
Party Policy 

Our
Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts
of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined
as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or
any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater
than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and
(b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial
owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult
to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family,
receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

Our
audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent
we enter into such transactions. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related
party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available
from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the
transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required
to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive
officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

58 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from
a financial point of view. We will also need to obtain approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors. 

Director
Independence 

Currently
David Falk, Donna Orender and Kenneth L. Shropshire are each considered an independent director under the Nasdaq listing
rules, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual
having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors will interfere with the director s exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Our
independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any
affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors
will review and approve all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees. Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of
our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees for Marcum LLP for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 77,250 and 63,710, respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include
attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.
The audit related fees for Marcum LLP during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 5,150. We did not pay Marcum LLP any audit-related
fees during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. The tax
fees for Marcum LLP during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled 5,008 and 3,382, respectively. 

All
Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Marcum LLP any other fees during the year
ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)
The following documents are included as part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 

 1.
Financial Statements See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 

 2.
Financial Statement Schedules Not Applicable. 

 3.
Exhibits 

59 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID Number 
 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 to F-26 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Goal
Acquisitions Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Goal Acquisitions Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

As
more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business
combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities.
Additionally, the Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation as of the date of issuance of these financial statements.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Prepaid expenses, non-current 

Marketable securities held in the trust account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Sponsor loans issued under the Expense Advance Agreement 

Income taxes payable 

Advances - Related Party 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Warrant liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 6) 
 - 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating costs 

Business combination expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Total other income 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Sale of private units, net of initial fair value of private warrants 

Issuance of representative shares 

Remeasurement of redeemable shares under ASC 480-10-S99 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash and investments held in the trust account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Formation cost paid by sponsor 

Changes in current assets and current liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering, net of underwriters discount 

Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds of sponsor loan 

Repayment of sponsor loan 

Advances from Sponsor 

Repayment of advances from Sponsor 

Payments of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities: 

Initial value of warrant liabilities 

Initial value of common stock subject to redemption 

Remeasurement of common shares subject to redemption 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the common stock
included in the Units being offered, the public share ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Units ), at a price of 
per Private Unit to Goal Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating total gross proceeds of . 

The
Company granted the underwriters in the IPO a 45-day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if
any. On February 24, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of
the additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units ). The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a
price of per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of . On February 24, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and
sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Units (the Over-Allotment Private
Units and, together with the IPO Private Placement, the Private Placements ), generating gross proceeds of . 

Transaction
costs amounted to 5,695,720 consisting of 5,175,000 of underwriting discount, and 520,720 of other offering costs. 

Trust
Account 

Following
the closing of the IPO on February 16, 2021 and the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on February 24, 2021,
 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO, the sale of Over-allotment Units, and the sale
of the Private Units was placed in a Trust Account, which are held as cash or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the
meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company
Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the
funds in the Trust Account. 

Initial
Business Combination; Trust Agreement Amendment; Charter Amendment 

The
Company will provide holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated
to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect
to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary
equity upon the completion of the IPO in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment (the Trust Agreement Amendment to the Investment
Management Trust Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental (the Trust Agreement ), to change the date on which Continental must commence liquidation of the amount on deposit in the
trust account (the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering from February
16, 2023 to March 18, 2023, subject to extension by the board of directors for up to five additional thirty-day periods (the latest of
which such date (August 15, 2023 if the board of directors exercises all five extensions) is referred to as the New Termination
Date ). See Note 10. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company s stockholders also approved an amendment (the Charter Amendment to the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Charter to (i) extend the initial period of time by which the
Company has to consummate an initial business combination to the New Termination Date and (ii) make other administrative and technical
changes in the Charter in connection with the New Termination Date, in each case, pursuant to an amendment in the form set forth in Annex
A of the proxy statement the Company filed with the SEC on January 9, 2023. The Company filed the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware on February 8, 2023. See Note 10. 

In
connection with the Company s stockholders approval and implementation of the Charter Amendment, the holders of 
shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . Following such redemptions, Public Shares
remain outstanding and the Company expects to have approximately remaining in the Trust Account. 

The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or
upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the then outstanding shares
of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the Business Combination are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
the Company will, pursuant to its Charter, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be
included in a proxy statement prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required
by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks
stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note
5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. 

The
Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors have agreed (a) to waive redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares
and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the
Charter (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s
initial Business Combination and certain amendments to the Charter or to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with
any such amendment. 

The
holders of the Founder Shares have agreed to waive liquidation distributions with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquired Public Shares in or after the IPO, such Public
Shares would be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available
for distribution will be less than the IPO price per Unit 10.00). 

Amended
and Restated Business Combination Agreement and Merger Agreement 

On
February 8, 2023, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the Amended and Restated Business
Combination Agreement with Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp., a Nevada corporation Goal Nevada ), Digital Virgo Group,
a French corporation soci t par actions simplifi e ( Digital Virgo ), all shareholders of
Digital Virgo (the Digital Virgo Shareholders ), and IODA S.A., in its capacity as the DV Shareholders Representative 
(as defined in the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement), which amends and restates the Business Combination Agreement,
dated as of November 17, 2022, by and among the Company, Digital Virgo, and certain other parties in its entirety. 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Goal Nevada entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company will, prior to the Closing (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), reincorporate as a Nevada corporation by merging with and into Goal Nevada, a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, with Goal Nevada surviving the merger (the Reincorporation Merger ). 

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and after the consummation of the Reincorporation Merger, Digital Virgo will
acquire all of the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada whereby the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada will be exchanged for shares of Digital
Virgo by means of a statutory share exchange under Nevada law (the Exchange ). 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and the Exchange, as well as the Merger Agreement and the Reincorporation Merger,
were approved by the board of directors of the Company. 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto.
The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement is subject to certain conditions
as further described therein. 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed
Merger is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

The
Reincorporation Merger and the Exchange 

Subject
to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the Company will, prior to the Closing, reincorporate as
a Nevada corporation by merging with and into Goal Nevada, a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with Goal Nevada surviving
the merger. Each unit of the Company (which is comprised of one share of common stock of the Company and one warrant to purchase one
share of common stock of the Company), share of common stock of the Company and warrant to purchase shares of common stock of the Company
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Reincorporation Merger will be converted, respectively, into units
of Goal Nevada, shares of common stock of Goal Nevada and warrants to purchase shares of common stock of Goal Nevada (respectively, Goal
Nevada Units, Goal Nevada Shares and Goal Nevada Warrants on a one-for-one basis, which will have
substantially identical rights, preferences and privileges as the units sold in the Company s initial public offering and simultaneous
private placement, the Company s common stock, par value per share, and the warrants which were included in the units that
were sold in the Company s initial public offering and simultaneous private placement. 

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions set forth therein,
Digital Virgo will effect a series of related transactions, in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, including the following: 

Prior
 to the Closing, Digital Virgo will convert into a French public limited company soci t 
 anonyme ); 

After
 the conversion into a French public limited company soci t anonyme and prior to the Closing, Digital Virgo and the Digital Virgo Shareholders intend to effect
 a placement of ordinary shares of Digital Virgo to certain institutional and other investors
 (the PIPE Investors through both primary and/or secondary offerings (the PIPE
 Investment ), including the sale of a number of Digital Virgo ordinary shares held
 by the Digital Virgo Shareholders in exchange for in cash; 

Immediately
 after the PIPE Investment, Digital Virgo will 

Subject
to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, at the Closing, (i)
Digital Virgo will acquire all of the issued outstanding Goal Nevada Shares pursuant to articles of exchange filed with the Nevada Secretary
of State in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes, whereby each issued and outstanding Goal Nevada Share will be exchanged for
one Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Share by means of a statutory share exchange under Nevada law (the Exchange and (ii)
each Goal Nevada Warrant will be automatically exchanged for one warrant issued by Digital Virgo that will be exercisable for one Digital
Virgo Class A Ordinary Share. All outstanding Goal Nevada Units will be separated into their underlying securities immediately prior
to the Exchange. 

In
addition, at the Closing, (i) Class C preferred shares, par value per share, of Digital Virgo (the DV Earnout
Shares will be issued to and deposited with one or more escrow agents and will be disbursed to the Digital Virgo Shareholders,
in whole or in part, after the Closing, if both an earnout milestone based on EBITDA (as defined in the Amended and Restated
Business Combination Agreement) and a share price milestone are met and (ii) Class C preferred shares, par value 
per share, of Digital Virgo (the Sponsor Earnout Shares will be issued to and deposited with an escrow agent and will
be disbursed to Goal Acquisitions Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), after the Closing, if a share price milestone is met. The
earnout milestone will be met if Digital Virgo s EBITDA for any fiscal year ending on or before December 31, 2027 is equal or greater
than , in which case DV Earnout Escrow Shares will be released to the Digital Virgo Shareholders. The share price
milestone will be met if Digital Virgo s share price is equal to or greater than for at least 20 out of 30 consecutive trading
days (counting only those trading days in which there is trading activity) from the period starting from the date immediately following
the Closing Date and ending on December 31, 2026, in which case DV Earnout Escrow Shares will be released to the Digital Virgo
Shareholders and all of the Sponsor Earnout Shares will be released to the Sponsor. Any DV Earnout Shares remaining in the earnout escrow
account that have not been released to the Digital Virgo Shareholders will be released to Digital Virgo, and any Sponsor Earnout Shares
remaining in the earnout escrow account that have not been released to the Sponsor will be released to Digital Virgo. The Class C preferred
shares of Digital Virgo will have identical rights to the Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Shares except that the Class C preferred shares
will have no voting rights. If and when the Class C preferred shares are released from escrow to the Digital Virgo Shareholders or the
Sponsor, as applicable, such shares shall be automatically be converted into Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Shares, on a one-for-one
basis, with full voting rights as of their respective date of disbursement by the escrow agent. EBITDA means the Adjusted
EBITDA of Digital Virgo as currently calculated by Digital Virgo for its reporting requirements under its existing credit facility. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to forfeit shares of common stock of the Company for no consideration effective as of the Closing. 

Other
Agreements 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement contemplates the execution of various additional agreements and instruments, including,
among others, an Amended and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement, Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, and Amended and Restated
Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had in
cash and a working capital deficit of .
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s initial stockholders,
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us with working capital loans. There are currently no
amounts outstanding under any working capital loans. See Note 5 for a description of all the Sponsor and other related party funding
transactions. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or its
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company
will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to of such working capital loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 
per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Units. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the working capital loans. 

The
Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from
time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital
needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital,
the Company may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to,
curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide
any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards
Board s FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until August 15, 2023, assuming the Board of Directors
approves all five 30-day extensions approved by the Company s stockholders to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain
that the Company will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this
date and an extension of the period of time the Company has to complete a business combination has not been approved by the Company s
stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. The Company has determined that the Company s
insufficient capital and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and an extension not approved by the stockholders
of the Company, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern one year from the date these financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets
or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 15, 2023. The Company intends to continue to complete a business
combination, including the Transaction, before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation
date as of the date that these financial statements were issued. 

The
Company s financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, cash flows and/or search for a target company,
the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further,
the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements
and the specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as
of the date of these financial statements. 

Under
the current rules and regulations of the SEC we are not deemed an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940
(the Investment Company Act however, on March 30, 2022, the SEC proposed new rules (the Proposed Rules relating, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company
Act and the regulations thereunder. The Proposed Rules provide a safe harbor for companies from the definition of investment company 
under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration
limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically,
to comply with the safe harbor, the Proposed Rules would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has
entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date
of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial
business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of such registration statement. 

There
is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours. We did
not enter into a definitive business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date of our registration statement relating
to our initial public offering and there is a risk that we may not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of such
date. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we
were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete
an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able
to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock
and warrants following such a transaction. 

Currently,
the funds in our trust account are held only in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. The Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any
issuer which (i) is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting,
or trading in securities; (ii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment
type, or has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding; or (iii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the
business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities
having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated
basis. 

The
longer that the funds in the trust account are held in money market funds, there is a greater risk that we may be considered an unregistered
investment company. In the event we are deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, whether based upon our activities,
the investment of our funds, or as a result of the Proposed Rules being adopted by the SEC, we may determine that we are required to
liquidate the money market funds held in our trust account and may thereafter hold all funds in our trust account in cash until the earlier
of consummation of our business combination or liquidation. As a result, if we were to switch all funds to cash, we will likely receive
minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in our trust account after such time, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders
would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of our Company. 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic
(i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the
repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 
of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax,
repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of
stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury
(the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or
avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, a vote by stockholders
to extend the period of time to complete a Business Combination or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent
the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on
a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with a Business Combination,
extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other
equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued
within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In
addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment
of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business
Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination, including the Transaction. 

At
this time, it has been determined that none of the IR Act tax provisions have an impact to the Company s fiscal 2022 tax provision.
The Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act
to determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s tax provision in future periods. 

t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and held in marketable securities, respectively. During the
year ended December 31, 2022 the Company withdrew of interest income from the Trust Account to pay its tax obligations. 

.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not experienced losses on this account. 

shares of common stock subject to possible redemption
are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance
sheets. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized
the remeasurement from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable common stock resulted
in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

shares of common
stock in the aggregate. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per common stock 

private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants included as part of the private
units as derivative warrant liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as
liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement
at each balance sheet date until exercised or expired, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statement of
operations. The fair value of warrants issued by the Company in connection with the Private Units have been estimated using Monte-Carlo
simulations at each measurement date (see Note 8). 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit in its IPO on February 16, 2021. Each whole Public Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

On
February 16, 2021, an aggregate of per Unit sold in the IPO was held in the Trust Account and will be held as cash or invested
only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of
180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting
the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act. 

On
February 24, 2021, the underwriters of the IPO exercised the over-allotment option in full to purchase Units. 

Following
the closing of the IPO on February 16, 2021 and the underwriters full exercise of over-allotment option on February 24, 2021,
 was placed in the Trust Account. 

All
of the common stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such
shares of common stock in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection
with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance
with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions
not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

The
common stock is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99.
If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption
value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable,
if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur
and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company recognizes
changes in redemption value immediately as they occur. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized the accretion
from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable common stock resulted in charges against
additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Less: 

Common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

Private Units at a price of per
Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . 

On
February 24, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional
 Private Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate price
of (the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will
collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public
Shares in the IPO and excluding the Private Shares). On December 16, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of of a share
of common stock for each outstanding share of common stock, and as a result our Sponsor holds founder shares of which an aggregate
of up to shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised
in full or in part. Because of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on February 24, 2021, shares
are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until after the
completion of a Business Combination. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

Concurrently
with the filing of the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 on January 21, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory
note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company was authorized to borrow up to an aggregate principal
amount of . In May 2021, the Sponsors agreed to increase the capacity (aggregate principal) on the Promissory Note to ,
and in August 2021, the Sponsors agreed to increase the capacity (aggregate principal) on the Promissory Note to . The Promissory
Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earliest of (i) April 30, 2021, (ii) the consummation of the IPO or (iii) the date on
which the Company determines not to proceed with the IPO. As of November 4, 2021, the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of 
was consolidated into the Company s Expense Advancement Agreement. The Company has elected to utilize the fair value option on
these instruments. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Stockholders, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital
Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the
Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust
Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business
Combination entity at a price of per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Units. To date, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

Sponsor
Loans Issued Under Expense Advancement Agreement 

Effective
as of November 4, 2021, upon approval of the Board of Directors, the Company entered into an Expense Advancement Agreement with Goal
Acquisitions Sponsor, LLC (the Funding Party ). Pursuant to the Expense Advancement Agreement, the Funding Party has agreed
to advance to the Company from time to time, upon request by the Company, a maximum of in the aggregate, in each instance
issued pursuant to the terms of the form of promissory note, as may be necessary to fund the Company s expenses relating to the
investigation and selection of a target business and other working capital requirements prior to completion of any potential Business
Combination. All previously outstanding commitments from the Sponsor have been consolidated under the Expense Advancement Agreement,
effective November 4, 2021. The Company has elected to utilize the fair value option on these instruments. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the available balance under the Expense Advance Agreement was and , respectively. At
the Sponsor s option, at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of any promissory note issued under the Expense
Advance Agreement, the Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the promissory note into
that number of warrants (the Conversion Warrants equal to: (i) the portion of the principal amount of the promissory note
being converted, divided by (ii) (as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar
transaction related to the Common Stock after issuance of the promissory note, rounded up to the nearest whole number) (the Sponsor
Loan Conversion Option ). 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the aggregate Sponsor loans issued under the Expense Agreement were and , respectively, and the fair value
of the Sponsor Loan Conversion Option was and , respectively. 

Advances
 Related Party 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company reimbursed the Sponsor for 
in expenses paid on its behalf. As of December 31, 2022, there was a 
balance owed under the advance. The expenses were comprised of payments for other operating expenses. 

shares of common stock issued to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EarlyBird and its designees prior to the consummation of the Company s IPO, as well as the holders of the Private
Units and any units that may be issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company, are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement dated as of February 10, 2021. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make
up to two demands that the Company register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released
from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Representative Shares, Private Units and units issued in payment of Working Capital Loans
(or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a business combination.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBird may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning
on the Effective Date of the IPO. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to
registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination; provided, however, that EarlyBird may participate
in a piggy-back registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the IPO. The Company
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Business
Combination Marketing Agreement 

In
connection with the Initial Public Offering, the Company engaged EarlyBird as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to
assist the Company in holding meetings with its stockholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business 
attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities in connection
with a Business Combination, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company
with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company agreed to pay EarlyBird a cash fee
for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO (exclusive
of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). The agreement was subsequently revised as discussed below. 

On
November 5, 2021 the Company entered into an agreement with EarlyBird together with JMP Securities LLC JMP and JonesTrading
Institutional Services LLC JonesTrading (together, the Advisors to assist the Company in the possible
private placement of equity securities and/or debt securities to provide financing to the Company in connection with a Business Combination.

Deferred
Legal Fees 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has incurred legal costs of and , respectively, related to its prospective
initial Business Combination. These costs are deferred until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and are
included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Company s balance sheets. 

Service
Provider Agreements 

From
time to time the Company has entered into and may enter into agreements with various services providers and advisors, including investment
banks, to help us identify targets, negotiate terms of potential Business Combinations, consummate a Business Combination and/or provide
other services. In connection with these agreements, the Company may be required to pay such service providers and advisors fees in connection
with their services to the extent that certain conditions, including the closing of a potential Business Combination, are met. If a Business
Combination does not occur, the Company would not expect to be required to pay these contingent fees. There can be no assurance that
the Company will complete a Business Combination. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common
Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. On
December 16, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of of a share of common stock for each outstanding share of common stock,
and as a result our Sponsor holds founder shares of which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture by
the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part. Because of the underwriters 
full exercise of the over-allotment option on February 24, 2021, shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Company considered
the above stock dividend to be in substance a stock split due to the dividend being part of the Company s initial capitalization.
The dividend was therefore valued at par and offset to additional paid-in capital. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares of common stock subject to possible redemption. 

Warrants
 The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. No warrants will
be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period
following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that
exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public
Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder (the 30-day redemption period 

; and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the share of common stock underlying such warrants. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. 

The
exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the
warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of
the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the IPO, except that the Private Warrants and
the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after
the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable on
a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private
Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants are redeemable by
the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Representative
Shares The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a
period of 180 days immediately following the Effective Date of the registration statement related to the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1).
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the Effective
Date of the registration statements related to the IPO, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period
of 180 days immediately following the Effective Date of the registration statements related to the IPO except to any underwriter and
selected dealer participating in the IPO and their bona fide officers or partners. 

The
holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination.
In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect
to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities 

Sponsor Loan Conversion Option 

December 31, 
 Quoted Prices In Active Markets 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 Significant Other Unobservable Inputs 

2021 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Description 

Assets: 

Marketable securities held in the trust account 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities 

Sponsor Loan Conversion Option 

Warrant
Liabilities 

The
Company utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation model to value the Private Placement Warrants at each reporting period, with changes in fair
value recognized in the statement of operations. The estimated fair value of the warrant liability is determined using Level 3 inputs.
Inherent in a binomial options pricing model are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest
rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on historical volatility of comparable companies
that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield
curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed
to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates
to remain at zero. 

The
aforementioned warrant liabilities are not subject to qualified hedge accounting. There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Strike price 

Term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

Sponsor
Loan Conversion Option 

The
Company established the fair value for the Sponsor Loan Conversion Option using a Monte-Carlo method model, which is considered to be
a Level 3 fair value measurement. 

Strike price of warrants 

Strike price of debt conversion 

Term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

There was no change in
fair value for the Sponsor Loan Conversion Option for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no transfers in or out of Level 3
from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the year ended December 31, 2022 for the Sponsor Loan Conversion Option. 

Start-up Costs 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

Current, federal tax expense 

Deferred 

Deferred, federal income tax expense 
 
 ) 
 
 Deferred, state income tax expense 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and in U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire, and
no state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

In
assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. 

After
consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization
of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance of and as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Business Combination expenses 

Meals and entertainment 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The
Company s effective tax rates for the period presented differ from the expected (statutory) rates due to Business Combination
expenses incurred and the recording of a full valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and the change in fair value of
warrants. 

The
Company files federal and Texas income tax returns and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. 

F- 26 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and among Goal Acquisitions Corp., Digital Virgo Group, all shareholders of Digital Virgo Group, and IODA S.A. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 17, 2022). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2023, by and among Goal Acquisitions Corp., Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp., Digital Virgo Group, all shareholders of Digital Virgo Group, and IODA S.A. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2023). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 8, 2023, by and between Goal Acquisitions Corp. and Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2023). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Goal Acquisitions Corp. dated February 8, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant s officers, directors, advisors and sponsor. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Promissory Note. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Subscription agreement for private units and private warrants by Goal Acquisitions Sponsor, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Stock Escrow Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 

60 

10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252303) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Expense Advance Agreement and Promissory Note between the Company and Goal Acquisitions Sponsor, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and among Goal Acquisitions Sponsor LLC, certain other persons parties thereto, Goal Acquisitions Corp. and IODA S.A. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 17, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and among Goal Acquisitions Corp., Goal Acquisitions Sponsor LLC and certain other persons parties thereto. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 17, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and between Goal Acquisitions Sponsor LLC and Goal Acquisitions Corp. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 17, 2022). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2023, by and among Goal Acquisitions Sponsor LLC, certain other persons parties thereto, Goal Acquisitions Corp., Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp. and IODA S.A. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2023). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2023, by and among Digital Virgo Group, Goal Acquisitions Corp., Goal Acquisitions Sponsor LLC and certain other persons parties thereto. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2023). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2023, by and between Goal Acquisitions Sponsor LLC and Goal Acquisitions Corp. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2023). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2021, between Goal Acquisitions Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company dated February 8, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d- 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished herewith. This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated
by reference into any filings of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

61 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 GOAL
 ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 William T. Duffy 

Name: 
 William
 T. Duffy 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Chief 
 Operating
 Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Harvey Schiller 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Harvey
 Schiller 
 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 William T. Duffy 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 William
 T. Duffy 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Donna Orender 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Donna
 Orender 

/s/
 David Falk 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 David
 Falk 

/s/
 Kenneth Shropshire 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Kenneth
 Shropshire 

62 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

The
following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the securities of Goal Acquisitions Corp. we, 
 our, or us that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ). The following description of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the information you
should consider before investing in our securities. This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which are incorporated herein by reference.. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act: (i) our common
stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Stock ), (ii) our redeemable warrants, with each warrant exercisable for one
share of Common Stock for 11.50 per share (the Warrants ), and (iii) our units, consisting of one share of Common Stock
and one Warrant, with each Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Units ). 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock
and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. The following description summarizes the material terms of our
capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (as amended), our bylaws and our warrant agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part.
The summary below is also qualified by reference to the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

Defined
terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each
Unit consists of one share of Common Stock and one Warrant. Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Common Stock. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, a Warrant holder may exercise his, her or its Warrants only for a whole number of shares of Common Stock. 

Common
Stock 

Our
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In
connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors,
have agreed to vote their respective shares of Common Stock owned by them in favor of the proposed business combination. 

We
will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon
consummation of such business combination and, solely if a vote is held to approve a business combination, a majority of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of
directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the
holders of more than 50 of the shares eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as amended), if we do not consummate an initial business combination by March
18, 2023, subject to extension by the board of directors for up to five thirty-day periods (the latest of which such date (August 15,
2023 if the board of directors exercises all five extensions) is referred to herein as the New Termination Date ), our corporate
existence will cease except for the purposes of winding up our affairs and liquidating. If we are forced to liquidate prior to an initial
business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to share ratably in the trust account, based on the amount then held in the
trust account. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account
occurring upon our failure to consummate an initial business combination with respect to the founder s common stock and private
shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors will therefore not participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with
respect to such shares. They will, however, participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to any shares
of common stock acquired in, or following, our initial public offering. 

Our
stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable
to the shares of Common Stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in a tender offer or have their
shares of Common Stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account in connection with the consummation of our
business combination. Public stockholders who sell or convert their stock into their share of the trust account still have the right
to exercise the warrants that they received as part of the units. 

Warrants 

Each
Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed below, at any time commencing upon the completion of our initial business combination. However, no Warrants will be exercisable
for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following
the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless basis
pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption,
or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. In the event of such
cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the
difference between the exercise price of the Warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market
value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of Common Stock
for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The Warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of
our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants and any warrants underlying additional units issued to our sponsor,
initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us), in whole and not in part,
at a price of 0.01 per warrant, 

at
 any time after the warrants become exercisable, 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock
 splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing
 at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant
 holders; and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying such warrants. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and
after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The
redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium
to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise
price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the warrants. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, we will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants
to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for
that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock
underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last
sale price of the shares of Common Stock for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The
Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding Warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The
exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except
as described below, the Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of Common Stock at a price below their respective exercise
prices. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Common Stock
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any such
issuance to our sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by them
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value (as defined below) is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which we issue
the additional shares of Common Stock or equity-linked securities. The Market Value for this purpose shall mean the volume
weighted average trading price of the Common Stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which
the Company consummates its initial business combination. 

The
Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of Warrants being exercised. The warrant
holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Warrants
and receive shares of Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Warrant
holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their Warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be
able to exercise their Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess
of 9.8 of the shares of Common Stock outstanding. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share of Common Stock, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of
Common Stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Harvey Schiller, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goal Acquisitions Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Harvey Schiller 

Name:
 
 Harvey
 Schiller 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
William T. Duffy, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goal Acquisitions Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 William T. Duffy 

Name:
 
 William
 T. Duffy 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Goal Acquisitions Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Harvey Schiller, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Harvey Schiller 

Harvey
 Schiller 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Goal Acquisitions Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, William T. Duffy, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 William T. Duffy 

William
 T. Duffy 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 puck-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 puck-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 puck-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 puck-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

