<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1576197_0001493152-23-012208.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10112148</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>196932</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1427429</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3977983</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1913991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2290310</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012208.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414062925
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Strategic Environmental & Energy Resources, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001576197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT [4955]
		IRS NUMBER:				020565834
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54987
		FILM NUMBER:		23819651

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		370 INTERLOCKEN BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 680
		CITY:			BROOMFIELD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(303)295-6498

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		370 INTERLOCKEN BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 680
		CITY:			BROOMFIELD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80021

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012208.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Year Ended , 

 OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employee 
 Identification Number) 

, , ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, .001 par value 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for at least the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes

As
of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter; 61,482,260 shares of common stock held
by non-affiliates with an aggregate market value of ,
based upon a closing price of 0.10 per share. 

As
of April 13, 2023, there were 
 shares of the registrant s .001 par value common stock
outstanding. No other class of equity securities is issued or outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

Strategic
Environmental Energy Resources, Inc. 

 Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Table
of Contents 

Page
 No. 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 11 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 23 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 24 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 29 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors
 and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 30 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 32 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 33 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions 
 35 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 36 

Part
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 

Signatures 
 38 

2 

PART
I 

Cautionary
Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

The
information contained in this Annual Report may contain certain statements about SEER that are or may be forward-looking statements 
that is, statements related to future, not past, events, including forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on the current expectations of the management of SEER and are subject
to uncertainty and changes in circumstances and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our results to differ materially from current
expectations include, but are not limited to factors detailed in our reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ),
including but not limited to those under the caption Risk Factors contained herein. In addition, these statements are based
on a number of assumptions that are subject to change. The forward-looking statements contained in the information in this Annual Report
may include all other statements in this document other than historical facts. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed
by, or that include the words targets , plans , believes , expects , aims ,
 intends , will , may , anticipates , estimates , approximates ,
 projects , seeks , sees , should, would, expect, positioned, 
 strategy, or words or terms of similar substance or derivative variation or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements include statements relating to the following: (i) future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, earnings,
synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses and future prospects; (ii) business and management strategies
and the expansion and growth of SEER; (iii) the effects of government regulation on SEER s business, and (iv) our plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions generally. 

There
are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. Additional particular uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different than those
expressed in forward-looking statements include: risks associated with our international operations; changes in the general economy,
as well as the cyclical nature of our markets; availability and cost of raw materials, parts and components used in our products; the
competitive environment in the areas of our planned industrial activities; our ability to identify, finance, acquire and successfully
integrate attractive acquisition targets, expected earnings of SEER; the amount of and our ability to estimate known and unknown liabilities;
material disruption at any of our significant manufacturing facilities; the solvency of our insurers and the likelihood of their payment
for losses; our ability to manage and grow our business and execution of our business and growth strategies; our ability and the ability
our customers to access required capital at a reasonable costs; our ability to expand our business in our targeted markets; the level
of capital investment and expenditures by our customers in our strategic markets; our financial performance; our ability to identify,
address and remediate any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting; our ability to achieve or maintain credit
ratings and the impact on our funding costs and competitive position if we do not do so; and other risk factors as disclosed herein under
the caption Risk Factors . Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also cause actual results to differ materially from
those in any forward-looking statement. 

Due
to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date hereof. SEER undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent legally required. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to be a
forecast, projection or estimate of the future financial performance of SEER unless otherwise expressly stated. 

3 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Strategic
Environmental Energy Resources, Inc. the Company or SEER was originally organized under the laws
of the State of Nevada on February 13, 2002 for the purpose of acquiring one or more businesses, under the name of Satellite Organizing
Solutions, Inc. SOZG ). In January 2008, SOZG changed its name to Strategic Environmental Energy Resources, Inc.,
reduced its number of outstanding shares through a reverse stock split and consummated the acquisition of both, REGS, LLC and Tactical
Cleaning Company, LLC. SEER is dedicated to assembling complementary service and environmental, clean-technology businesses that provide
safe, innovative, cost effective, and profitable solutions in the environmental, waste management and renewable energy industries. SEER
currently operates five companies with four offices in the western and mid-western U.S. Through these operating companies, SEER provides
products and services throughout the U.S. and has licensed and owned technologies with many customer installations throughout the U.S.
Each of the five operating companies, which includes our majority owned entities, is discussed in more detail below. 

The
Company s domestic strategy is to grow internally through SEER s subsidiaries that have well established revenue streams
and, simultaneously, establish long-term alliances with and/or acquire complementary domestic businesses in rapidly growing markets for
renewable energy, waste and water treatment and industrial services. The focus of the SEER family of companies, however, is to increase
margins by securing or developing proprietary patented and patent-pending technologies and then leveraging its 20 plus-year service experience
to place these innovations and solutions into the growing markets of emission capture and control, renewable green gas 
capture and sale, compressed natural gas fuel generation, as well as general solid waste and medical/pharmaceutical waste destruction.
Many of SEER s current operating companies share customer bases and each provides synergistic services, technologies and products. 

The
Company now owns and manages three operating entities and two entities that have no significant operations to date, as REGS was abandoned
during the third fiscal quarter of 2021. References in this report to abandoned or abandonment refer to the Company s determination
not to provide financial support to, or conduct operations in or through, REGS. 

Subsidiaries

Wholly
owned 

MV,
LLC (d/b/a MV Technologies), MV : (operating since 2003) MV designs and sells patented and/or proprietary,
dry scrubber solutions for management of Hydrogen Sulfide (H 2 S) in biogas, landfill gas, and petroleum processing operations.
These system solutions are marketed under the product names H2SPlus and OdorFilter . The markets for these products include
landfill operations, agricultural and food product processors, wastewater treatment facilities, and petroleum product refiners. MV also
develops and designs proprietary technologies and systems used to condition biogas for use as renewable natural gas RNG ),
for a number of applications, such as transportation fuel and natural gas pipeline injection. 

SEER
Environmental Materials, LLC SEM ): (formed September 2015) is a wholly owned subsidiary established as a materials
technology business with the purpose of developing advanced chemical absorbents and catalysts that enhance the capability of biogas produced
from, landfill, wastewater treatment operations and agricultural digester operations. 

4 

Majority
owned 

Paragon
Waste Solutions, LLC PWS ): (formed late 2010) PWS is an operating company that has developed a patented waste destruction
technology using a pyrolytic heating process combined with non-thermal plasma assisted oxidation. This technique involves
gasification of solid waste by heating the waste in a low-oxygen environment, followed by complete oxidation at higher temperatures in
the presence of plasma. The term non-thermal plasma refers to a low energy ionized gas that is generated by electrical
discharges between two electrodes. This technology, commercially referred to as CoronaLux , is designed and intended for the clean 
destruction of hazardous chemical and biological waste (i.e ., hospital red bag waste) thereby eliminating the need
for costly segregation, transportation, incineration or landfill (with their associated legacy liabilities). PWS is a 54 owned subsidiary. 

ReaCH4BioGas Reach or Benefuels (trade name for Benefuels, LLC): (formed February 2013) owned 85 by
SEER. Reach develops renewable natural gas projects that convert raw biogas into pipeline quality gas and/or Renewable,
 RNG , for fleet vehicles. Reach has had minimal operations as of December 31, 2022. 

PelleChar,
LLC PelleChar ): (formed September 2018) owned 51 by SEER. PelleChar has secured third-party pellet manufacturing
capabilities from one of the nation s premier pellet manufacturers. Working closely with Biochar Now, LLC, PelleChar commenced
sales in 2019 of its proprietary pellets containing the proven and superior Biochar Now product starting with the landscaping and big
agriculture markets. At this time, PelleChar is the only company able to offer a soil amendment pellet containing the Biochar Now product
that is produced using the patented pyrolytic process. PelleChar activity to date relates to startup of operations, and an increasing
sales effort. Revenue and expenses of PelleChar were not material for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Joint
Ventures 

PWS
MWS Joint Venture : In October 2014, PWS and Medical Waste Services, LLC MWS formed a contractual joint venture to
exploit the PWS medical waste destruction technology. In 2015, MWS licensed and installed a CoronaLux unit at an MWS facility,
and subsequently received a limited permit to operate from the South Coast Air Quality Management District SCAQMD and
the California Department of Public Health. In November 2017, PWS received final air quality permit approval from SCAQMD allowing for
full operations of the CoronaLux unit at the MWS facility. 

Paragon
Southwest Joint Venture : In December 2017, PWS and GulfWest Waste Solutions, LLC GWWS formed Paragon Southwest Medical
Waste, LLC PSMW to exploit the PWS medical waste destruction technology. PSMW has an exclusive license to the CoronaLux 
technology in a six-state area of the Southern United States. In 2017, PSMW purchased and installed three CoronaLux 
units at an PSMW facility. In July 2022, the Company exchanged its patents and related technology to its joint venture, PSMW, in exchange for
units in PSMW. 

5 

Segment
Information 

The
Company currently has identified three segments as follows: 

of Annual Revenues 

2022 

2021 

MV,
 SEM, PelleChar 
 
 Environmental
 Solutions 

98 

93 

PWS 
 
 Solid
 Waste 

2 

7 

Reach
is not currently operating but should operations commence it will be part of the Environmental Solutions segment. The MV RCM Joint Venture
is not currently operating but should operations commence it will be part of the Environmental Solutions segment. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had four customers who comprised 10 or more of our accounts receivable and had a balance of approximately 461,700.
As of December 31, 2021, we had three customers who comprised 10 or more of our accounts receivable and had a balance of approximately
 295,900. See Item 1A Risk Factors. 

Financial
Condition 

As
shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced recurring losses, and has an accumulated deficit
of approximately 32.0 million as of December 31, 2022, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss, from continuing
operations of approximately 2.7 million. As of December 31, 2022, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by approximately
 9.6 million. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue to operate as a going concern. 

Industry 

With
its diverse services, technologies, and environmental solution offerings, SEER participates in the worldwide markets of environmental
compliance, renewable energy and gaseous and solid waste minimization/management. There are ever-increasing emissions and solid waste
regulations, as well as statutory programs at the local, state, federal and international levels that create and mandate the need for
renewable energies and waste minimization, proper handling, storage, treatment and disposal of virtually all types of waste. 

6 

The
industrial waste management industry in North America was shaped first by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 RCRA ),
which requires waste generators to, among other things, transport, treat, store and dispose of hazardous waste in accordance with specific
regulations. After RCRA, growing national awareness of environmental issues, coupled with corporate and institutional awareness of environmental
liabilities, have contributed to the growth of the industry and associated governing legislation on the state and federal levels. 

Today,
collection and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes are subject to local, state, and federal requirements and controls that regulate
health, safety, the environment, zoning and land-use. Included in these regulations is the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), of the United States. CERCLA holds generators and transporters of hazardous substances,
as well as past and present owners and operators of sites where there has been a hazardous release, strictly, jointly and severally liable
for environmental cleanup costs resulting from the release or threatened release of hazardous materials. 

The
enactment of the federal Clean Air Act of 1970 (CAA) resulted in a major shift in the federal government s role in air pollution
control. This legislation authorized the development of comprehensive federal and state regulations to limit emissions from both stationary
(industrial) sources and mobile sources. The Act has been amended and expanded in scope many times since its enactment and remains a
major consideration for safely and responsibly conducting business in the U.S. 

These
and countless other similar regulatory programs mandate the need for environmental services and technologies such as those offered by
SEER and its companies. 

There
are substantial barriers to entry in the waste management industry, including the high degree of expertise and training required, regulatory
compliance, insurance, and licensing costs and procedures, strict federal, state, provincial and local permitting and oversight processes,
and significant capital costs of equipment and qualified personnel. 

Business
Strategy 

SEER s
operations to date have been fueled by a combination of synergistic and vertical integration, acquisitions, strategic alliances and organic
growth. SEER acquired MV as a wholly owned subsidiary. In 2015 SEM was created to provide recurring and high-margin revenue to the Company
by offering an internal source of diverse media solutions required to treat various waste and off-gas streams, particularly digesters
and landfills. This enables pricing flexibility by the technology solutions affiliates that, in turn, should result in increased sales
of systems that leads to greater demand for media. We intend to continue pursuing an aggressive strategy of both acquisitions, strategic
partnerships, and organic growth while expanding our geographic footprint into other regions of the United States and foreign markets.
Potential acquisitions may include businesses that secure supply chain and vendor logistics or complement our core businesses or companies
that provide a similar set of services in regions where the Company does not currently have operations. 

Upon
full development of certain patented and patent-pending technologies, we intend to explore licensing relationships with larger, established
companies to generate sustainable revenue streams from domestic and international applications. 

7 

Intellectual
Property 

MV
was issued a patent in 2012 related to Oil-Gas Vapor Collection, Storage, and Recovery System, etc. Patent No. US 8,206,124
B1. MV was issued a second patent in 2014 titled Fugitive Gas Capture , US Patent No. 8,708,663 B1, that expanded claims
in the earlier patent. In 2017, MV was issued a third patent titled Dry Chemical Scrubber with Ph Adjustment Patent No.
US 9,630,144 B2. The patents will expire in 2029 and 2031, unless otherwise extended. MV is in the process of expanding the scope and
number of claims of this issued patent. 

In
2013, PWS filed provisional and non-provisional patent applications in the name and for the benefit of SEER arising out of and related
to its waste disposal technology involving a yrolytic first phase and a cold plasma second phase system referred
to as plasma light, or CoronaLux technology. In October 2014 SEER was issued patent No. 8,870,735 for this CoronaLux 
technology. In 2014, PWS filed a provisional patent related to destruction of volatile organic compounds. A pyrolytic process is basically
the decomposition of any material at elevated temperatures in a very low oxygen-containing atmosphere, as compared to conventional incineration
or pyrolysis processes. In July 2016 SEER was issued patent No. 9,393,519 for this CoronaLux technology. In January 2017 SEER
was issued patent No. 9,550,148 for heavy metal control adding to the pollution control aspect of the CoronaLux technology. The
patents will expire in or around 2033. In July 2022, the Company exchanged its patents and related technology to its joint venture, PSMW, in exchange for
units in PSMW. 

Competition 

The
industrial services industry is highly competitive. We compete with several small and medium-sized companies in the gas treatment sector.
In the face of this competition, we have been effective in maintaining, and in some sectors, growing our revenue opportunities due to
the wide range of services we offer, a competitive pricing structure, our innovative and proprietary/patent-pending technologies, and
a reputation for reliability, built over the nearly 20 years of business operations as well as the care we take in performing and completing
each customer project. 

The
medical waste industry is also highly competitive with fewer, but larger businesses in the space and one entity having a dominant position
in the industry. 

In
all its businesses, the Company currently holds very small parts of very large and growing markets. MV competes by providing superior
hydrogen sulfide H2S scrubbing solutions that result in more cost-effective removal of H2S from process
gas streams. H2S is highly corrosive and is a precursor to sulfur dioxide, a highly regulated air pollutant. Therefore, removing H2S
from industrial process waste streams is essential to enhance personnel safety, extend the life of industrial equipment, and minimize
resulting air pollution. In the markets served by MV there are a number of competing technologies employed such as: biological scrubbing,
chemical scrubbing, and dry scrubbing with activated carbon. PWS competes by offering a unique on-site, on-demand waste destruction solution,
eliminating the need for waste segregation, transportation, incineration, autoclaving and/or landfilling; in turn, eliminating all of
the associated costs and legacy liabilities associated with current options for medical waste handling. We believe that the patented
CoronaLux technology results in a superior option in the medical waste management sector and in ultimate emissions cleaner than
other solutions available in the market. In July 2022, the Company exchanged its patents and related technology to its joint venture, PSMW, in exchange for
units in PSMW. 

8 

Environmental
Matters and Regulation 

Significant
federal environmental laws affecting us are the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), also known as the Superfund Act , the Clean Air Act, the
Clean Water Act, and the Toxic Substances Control Act TSCA ). 

RCRA.
 RCRA is the principal federal statute governing hazardous waste generation, treatment, transportation, storage and disposal. Pursuant
to RCRA, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA has established a comprehensive cradle-to-grave 
system for the management of a wide range of materials identified as hazardous or solid waste. States that have adopted hazardous waste
management programs with standards at least as stringent as those promulgated by the EPA have been delegated authority by the EPA to
administer their facility permitting programs in lieu of the EPA s program. Every facility that treats, stores or disposes of hazardous
waste must obtain a RCRA permit from the EPA or an authorized state agency, unless a specific exemption exists, and must comply with
certain operating requirements. 

The
Superfund Act. The Superfund Act is the primary federal statute regulating the cleanup of inactive hazardous substance sites and
imposing liability for cleanup on the responsible parties. It also provides for immediate response and removal actions coordinated by
the EPA of the release of hazardous substances into the environment. It authorizes the government to respond to the release or threatened
release of hazardous substances or to order responsible persons to perform any necessary cleanup. The statute provides for strict, and
in certain cases, joint and several liability for these responses and other related costs, and for liability for the cost of damages
to natural resources, to the parties involved in the generation, transportation and disposal of such hazardous substances. Under the
statute, we may be deemed liable as a generator or transporter of a hazardous substance that is released into the environment, or as
the owner or operator of a facility from which there is a release of a hazardous substance into the environment. 

The
Clean Air Act. The Clean Air Act was passed by Congress to control the emissions of pollutants into the air and requires permits
to be obtained for specific sources of toxic air pollutants such as vinyl chloride, or criteria pollutants, such as carbon monoxide.
In 1990, Congress amended the Clean Air Act to require further reductions of air pollutants with specific targets for non-attainment
areas to meet certain ambient air quality standards. These amendments also require the EPA to promulgate regulations, which (i) control
emissions of 189 hazardous air pollutants; (ii) create uniform operating permits for major industrial facilities similar to RCRA operating
permits; (iii) mandate the phase-out of ozone-depleting chemicals; and (iv) provide for enhanced enforcement. 

Clean
Water Act. This legislation prohibits discharges into the waters of the United States without government authorization and regulates
the discharge of pollutants into surface waters and sewers from a variety of sources, including disposal sites and treatment facilities. 

Other
Federal Laws. In addition to regulations specifically directed at the transportation, storage, and disposal facilities, there are
a number of regulations that may pass-through to the facilities based on the acceptance of regulated waste from affected
client facilities. Each facility that accepts affected waste must comply with the regulations for that waste, facility or industry. In
our transportation operations, we are regulated by the U.S. Department of Transportation, the Federal Railroad Administration, the Federal
Aviation Administration and the U.S. Coast Guard, as well as by the regulatory agencies of each state in which we operate or through
which our vehicles pass. Health and safety standards under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, or OSHA , are applicable
to all of our operations. 

Pursuant
to the EPA s authorization of their RCRA equivalent programs, a number of states have regulatory programs governing the permitting
and operation of hazardous waste facilities. Our facilities are regulated pursuant to state statutes, including those addressing clean
water and clean air. Our facilities are also subject to local siting, zoning and land-use restrictions. Although our facilities occasionally
have been cited for regulatory violations, we believe we are in substantial compliance with all federal, state and local laws regulating
our business. 

9 

Insurance 

To
cover potential risks associated with the variety of services that the operating companies provide, we maintain adequate insurance coverages,
including: 1) Casualty Insurance providing coverage for Commercial General Liability, Automotive Liability, Professional Liability Insurance
and Employee Benefits Liability in the amounts of 1 million each, respectively, per year; 2) Contractor s Pollution Liability
Insurance, which has limits of 1 million per occurrence and 1 million in the aggregate; and 3) An Excess Umbrella Liability Policy
of 5 million per occurrence and 5 million aggregate limit overall. 

Health,
Safety and Compliance 

Preserving
the health and safety of our employees and the communities in which we operate, as well as remaining in compliance with local, state
and federal rules and regulations are the highest priorities for us and our companies. We strive to maintain the highest professional
standards in our compliance and health and safety activities. To achieve this objective, we engage with a professional safety firm and
emphasize comprehensive training programs for new employees as well as ongoing mandatory refresher programs, and safety bonus programs
for existing employees. These programs are administered at both the corporate and field levels on a daily basis. Our efforts to ensure
the health and safety of employees have been formally recognized by our customers as well as by the Colorado Department of Labor and
Employment. 

10 

Research
and Development 

Research
and Development R D costs are charged to operations when incurred and are included in operating expenses. R D
expenses consist primarily of salaries, project materials, contract labor and other costs associated with ongoing product development
and enhancement efforts. We spent approximately 0 on R D for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. As the Company brings
its organic fertilizer products, Pellechar10 and Pellechar30 , to market, it plans to allocate a small R D budget in
fiscal years 2023 and 2024, anticipated to be less than 100,000. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we employed 14 non-union hourly and salaried employees, 1 of which was part-time. Our business has some seasonality
that requires us to use day laborers. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the following risks. These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition,
cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected
or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. In addition, there may be additional risks of which
we are not presently aware or that we currently believe are immaterial that could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Our
auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report, we have incurred significant losses since inception and have
an accumulated deficit of approximately 32.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and need to raise substantial amounts of additional funds
to meet our obligations and afford us time to develop profitable operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise
capital, obtain debt financing, or improve operating results sufficiently to continue as a going concern, if at all. The consolidated
financial statements included in this report do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

We
are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which is frequently difficult, expensive, and time-consuming with which to comply;
noncompliance could adversely affect our operations and efforts to grow our business results. 

The
industries in which we operate are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. Our business requires us to obtain
many approvals, certificates, licenses, permits and other types of governmental authorizations and to comply with various laws and regulations
in every jurisdiction in which we operate. Federal, state and local regulations change often, and new regulations are frequently adopted.
Changes in the regulations could require us to obtain new authorizations or to change the way in which we operate our business. We might
be unable to obtain the new authorizations that we require, and the cost of compliance with new or changed laws and regulations could
be significant. 

Many
of the authorizations that we require, especially those to build and operate facilities, are difficult and time-consuming to obtain.
They may also contain conditions or restrictions that limit our ability to operate efficiently, and they may not be issued as quickly
as we need them or at all. If we cannot obtain the authorizations, or if they contain unfavorable conditions, it could substantially
impair our operations and reduce our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

If
we encounter regulatory compliance issues in the course of operating our businesses, we may experience adverse publicity, which may intensify
if such non-compliance results in civil or criminal liability. This adverse publicity may harm our reputation, and result in difficulties
in attracting new customers, or retaining existing customers. 

11 

The
level of governmental enforcement of environmental and other regulations has an uncertain effect on our business and could reduce the
demand for our services. 

We
believe that strict enforcement of laws and regulations relating to regulated industrial cleaning, environmental compliance, renewable
energy and waste minimization/management can have a positive effect on our business, as these laws and regulations may increase the demand
for our products and services. Relaxation of enforcement, government shutdowns, or other changes in governmental regulation of the industries
in which we operate could increase the number of competitors we face or reduce or delay the need for our services. 

We
may incur significant charges as a result of divestitures. 

We
continue to evaluate the performance of our assets and businesses. Based on this evaluation, we may sell certain assets or businesses
or exit particular markets. Any impairments and losses on divestiture resulting from this process may cause us to record significant
charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets. In addition, divestitures may not yield the targeted improvements
in our business. Divestitures involve risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel,
disruption in our operations or businesses, finding a suitable purchaser, the diversion of management s attention from our other
businesses, the potential loss of key employees, the erosion of employee morale or customer confidence, and the retention of contingent
liabilities related to the divested business. Any charges that we are required to record or the failure to achieve the intended financial
results associated with divestitures of businesses or assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. On September 1, 2021, REGS was abandoned and discarded by the Company. 

Our
substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to fulfill our obligations. 

We
currently have a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 32.0. million, with total current assets and liabilities of approximately 0.9 million and 10.5 million respectively. Included in the
liabilities are approximately 3.5 million of short-term notes, 125,000 of short-term notes to a related party and approximately 1.6
million of convertible notes. 

There
can be no assurance that we will secure additional financing for working capital, increase revenues and achieve the desired result of
net income and positive cash flow from operations in future years. As of December 31, 2022, we have cash and cash equivalent assets of
 21,500. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow in the future to service our debt, we may be required to refinance all or
a portion of our existing debt or to obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that any refinancings will be possible or
that any additional financing could be obtained on terms acceptable to us. The inability to obtain additional financing could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. Our substantial indebtedness subjects us to various
risks, including: 

we
 may be unable to satisfy our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness; 

we
 may be more vulnerable to adverse general economic and industry conditions; 

we
 may find it more difficult to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate purposes or other
 purposes; and 

we
 may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash resources to the payments on our outstanding indebtedness, thereby reducing
 the funds available for operations and future business opportunities. 

12 

We
have a history of losses and we may not be able to achieve profitability in the future. 

We
continue to incur losses in operations. We have experienced recurring losses and have accumulated a deficit of approximately 32.0 million
as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss from continuing operations of approximately 2.7 million.
We had a working capital deficit of approximately 9.6 million as of December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the
ability of the Company to continue to operate as a going concern. It may be necessary for us to rely on external financing to supplement
working capital to meet our liquidity needs in the fiscal years ended 2023 and 2024. The success of securing such financing on terms
acceptable to us, if at all, cannot be assured. If we are unable to achieve the financing necessary to continue our plan of operations,
our stockholders may lose their entire investment in the Company. 

We
are subject to operating and litigation risks that may not be covered by insurance. 

Our
business operations are subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incidental to the handling, storage and disposal of
hazardous products. These risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury and/or loss of life, and severe damage and
destruction of property and equipment arising from explosions or other catastrophic events. As a result, we may become a defendant in
legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Additionally, environmental contamination could result in
future legal proceedings. There can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses
related to pending and future claims or that such levels of insurance would be available in the future at acceptable prices, if at all. 

In
addition, a disruption of our business caused by a casualty event at a facility of ours or one of our customers may result in the loss
of business, profits or customers during the time of the disruption. As such, our insurance policies may not fully compensate us for
these losses. 

We
have substantial customer concentration, with a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our 2022 revenues . 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had two customers with sales in excess of 10 of our revenues. There are risks whenever a large percentage
of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of customers. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand
for our services that will be generated by these customers or the future demand for the products and services of these customers in the
end-user marketplace. In addition, revenues from these larger customers may fluctuate from time to time based on the commencement and
completion of projects, the timing of which may be affected by market conditions or other facts, some of which may be outside of our
control. These customers may pressure us to reduce the prices we charge for our products and services which could have an adverse effect
on our margins and financial position and could negatively affect our revenues and results of operations. If either of our two largest
customers terminates our arrangements, such termination would negatively affect our revenues and results of operations. 

Aggressive
pricing by existing competitors and the entrance of new competitors could significantly and adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
industries in which we participate are highly competitive. This competition may require us to reduce our prices in the future or may
affect our ability to increase prices in the future. Price reductions or our inability to increase prices could significantly and adversely
affect our results of operations. 

We
face direct competition from a large number of small, local competitors. We face competition from companies with greater resources than
us, companies with closer geographic proximity to our customers and potential customers, companies with service offerings we do not provide
and companies that can provide lower pricing than we can in certain instances. An increase in the number or location of commercial treatment
or disposal facilities for waste, significant expansion of existing competitor permitted capabilities, acquisitions by competitors or
a decrease in the treatment or disposal fees charged by competitors could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
We face competition from these businesses, and competition from them is likely to exist in new locations to which we may expand in the
future. In addition, large national companies with substantial resources operate in the markets we serve. 

13 

Adverse
economic conditions, government funding or competitive pressures affecting our customers could harm our business. 

We
serve a diverse customer base that includes oil and gas refineries, regional landfills, medical waste destruction operations, agricultural
companies and food and beverage companies and other commercial and industrial customers that are, or may be, affected by changing economic
conditions and competition. These customers may be significantly impacted by deterioration in the general economy and may curtail waste
production and/or delay spending on plant maintenance, waste cleanup projects and other discretionary work. Factors that can impact general
economic conditions and the level of spending by customers include the general level of consumer and industrial spending, increases in
fuel and energy costs, residential and commercial real estate and mortgage market conditions, labor and healthcare costs, access to credit,
consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors affecting spending behavior. Market forces may also compel customers to cease or
reduce operations, declare bankruptcy, liquidate or relocate to other countries, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

Our
operations are significantly affected by potential seasonal fluctuations due to weather; budgetary decisions and cash flow limitations
influencing the timing of customer spending for the products and services we provide; the timing of regulatory agency decisions and judicial
proceedings; changes in government regulations and enforcement policies and other factors that may delay or cause the cancellation of
projects involving our products and services. We do not control such factors, which can cause our revenue and income to vary significantly
from quarter to quarter and year to year. 

Our
proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce. 

We
generally rely on patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws to establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology
and products. Although we hold several patents and other patent applications are currently pending, there can be no assurance that any
of these patents or other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or that our rights will, in fact, provide
competitive advantages to us. In addition, there can be no assurance that patents will be issued from pending applications or that claims
allowed on any patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights, we may
find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time and effort required to create
innovative products that have enabled us to be successful, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
may be found to infringe on intellectual property rights of others. 

Third
parties may assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights
that are relevant to us. The asserted claims and/or initiated litigation can include claims against us or our manufacturers, suppliers,
or customers, alleging infringement of their proprietary rights with respect to our existing or future products or components of those
products. Regardless of the merit of these claims, they can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical
and management personnel, or require us to develop a non-infringing technology or enter into license agreements. Where claims are made
by customers, resistance even to unmeritorious claims could damage customer relationships. There can be no assurance that licenses will
be available on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all, or that any arrangements with our suppliers will be available or adequate
to cover our costs if a claim were brought directly against us or our customers. Furthermore, because of the potential for high court
awards that are not necessarily predictable, it is not unusual to find even arguably unmeritorious claims settled for significant amounts.
If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party is successful, if we are required to indemnify
a customer with respect to a claim against the customer, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary
rights on commercially reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. 

14 

Our
success in the future may depend on our ability to establish and maintain strategic alliances, and any failure on our part to establish
and maintain such relationships could adversely affect our market penetration and revenue growth. 

Our
ability to establish strategic relationships will depend on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control, such as the competitive
position of our technology and our products relative to our competitors. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to establish
strategic relationships successfully. In addition, strategic alliances that we may establish could subject us to a number of risks, including
risks associated with sharing proprietary information and loss of control of operations that are material to our business and profit-sharing
arrangements. Moreover, strategic alliances may be expensive to implement, require us to issue additional shares of our common stock
and subject us to the risk that the third party will not perform its obligations pursuant to the arrangement, which may subject us to
losses over which we have no control or expensive termination arrangements. 

Due
to financial and experience constraints, we expect to rely on strategic relationships to develop our business, including those relating
to product development, manufacturing, marketing and sales. Identifying and developing strategic alliance candidates is expensive and
time-consuming. In addition, these arrangements may leave us vulnerable to capacity constraints and reduced component availability, and
our control over customer relationships, product delivery schedules, manufacturing and costs would be limited. In addition, we may have
limited control over quality systems and controls, and therefore must rely on our relationships to manufacture our products to our quality
and performance standards and specifications. Delays, component shortages, including custom components that are manufactured for us at
our direction, and other manufacturing and supply problems, could impair the manufacture and distribution of our products and ultimately
our company s reputation. Furthermore, any adverse change in the financial or business condition of our strategic alliance counterparts
could disrupt our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our products. If we are required to change our strategic alliance
counterparts or bring those functions in-house, we may lose revenue, incur increased costs, and damage our relationships with other customers
and strategic alliances. 

Attacks
on our information technology systems could damage our reputation, negatively impact our businesses and expose us to litigation risk. 

We
use computers in substantially all aspects of our business operations. We also use mobile devices, social networking and other online
activities to connect with our employees and our customers. We rely heavily on various proprietary and third-party information systems.
Our reputation for the secure handling of customer and other sensitive information is critical to the success of our business. We are
potentially subject to cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored cyber-attacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, computer denial-of-service
attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, wire fraud and other cyber incidents. Our incident response efforts, business
continuity procedures and disaster recovery planning may not be entirely effective as our information technology and network infrastructure
may still be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance, computer viruses, power outages, natural
disasters, acts of terrorism, breaches with respect to third-party systems or other disruptions. A cybersecurity incident and breach
of our information systems could lead to theft, destruction, misappropriation or release of sensitive and/or confidential information
or intellectual property, which could result in business disruption, negative publicity, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers,
brand damage, adverse financial and operational results, and potential litigation. 

Our
management depends on relevant and reliable information for decision-making purposes, including key performance indicators and financial
reporting. Any significant loss of data, failure to maintain reliable data, disruptions affecting our information systems, or delays
or difficulties in transitioning to new systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, our ability to continue to operate our businesses without significant interruption in the event of a disaster or other disruption
depends in part on the ability of our information systems to operate in accordance with our disaster recovery and business continuity
plans. If our information systems fail and our redundant systems or disaster recovery plans are not adequate to address such failures,
or if our business interruption insurance does not sufficiently compensate us for any losses that we may incur, our revenues and profits
could be reduced, and the reputation of our brands and our business could be adversely affected. In addition, remediation of such problems
could result in significant, unplanned capital investments. 

15 

The
handling of regulated waste exposes us to the risk of environmental liabilities. 

As
a company engaged in regulated waste management, we face risks of liability for environmental contamination. CERCLA and similar state
laws impose strict liability on current or former owners and operators of facilities that release hazardous substances into the environment
as well as on the businesses that generate those substances and the businesses that transport them to our facilities. Responsible parties
may be liable for substantial investigation and clean-up costs even if they operated their businesses properly and complied with applicable
federal and state laws and regulations. Liability under CERCLA may be joint and several, which means that if we were found to be a business
with responsibility for a particular CERCLA site, we could be required to pay the entire cost of the investigation and clean-up even
if we were not the party responsible for the release of the hazardous substance and other companies might also be liable. 

If
we were to incur liability under CERCLA and if we could not identify other parties responsible under the law whom we are able to compel
to contribute to our expenses, the cost to us could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition and reduce our liquidity. If there were a claim against us that a customer might be legally liable
for, we might not be successful in recovering our damages from the customer. 

We
have significant deferred tax assets, and any impairments of or valuation allowances against these deferred tax assets in the future
could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
intend to use significant deferred tax assets to offset income. The extent to which we can use deferred tax assets may be limited for
various reasons, including but not limited to changes in tax rules or regulations and if projected future taxable income becomes insufficient
to recognize the full benefit of our net operating loss NOL carryforwards prior to their expiration. Additionally, our
ability to fully use these tax assets will also be adversely affected if we have an ownership change within the meaning
of Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. An ownership change is generally defined as a greater than 50 
increase in equity ownership by 5 stockholders (as that term is defined for purposes of Section 382) in any three-year
period. Future changes in our stock ownership, depending on the magnitude, including the purchase or sale of our common stock by 5 stockholders,
and issuances or redemptions of common stock by us, could result in an ownership change that would trigger the imposition of limitations
under Section 382. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that in the future we will not experience limitations with respect to recognizing
the benefits of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes for which limitations could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Our
businesses are subject to operational and safety risks. 

Provision
of environmental, energy and industrial services to our customers involves risks such as equipment defects, malfunctions and failures
and natural disasters, which could potentially result in releases of hazardous materials, damage to or total loss of our property or
assets, injury or death of our employees or a need to shut down or reduce operations while remedial actions are undertaken. Our employees
often work under potentially hazardous conditions. These risks expose us to potential liability for pollution and other environmental
damages, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption and property damage or destruction. We must also maintain a solid safety
record in order to remain a preferred supplier to our major customers. While we seek to minimize our exposure to such risks, such efforts
and insurance may not be adequate to cover all of our potential liabilities, which would have a material adverse effect on our operations,
financial condition and financial results. 

16 

The
extensive environmental regulations to which we are subject may increase our costs and potential liabilities and limit our ability to
expand our facilities. 

Our
operations and those of others in the environmental services industry are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental
requirements. In particular, if we fail to comply with government regulations governing the handling and transport of hazardous materials,
such failure could negatively impact our ability to operate our business. Efforts to conduct our operations in compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations, including environmental rules and regulations, require programs to promote compliance, such as training employees
and customers and purchasing health and safety equipment. Even with these programs, we and other companies in the environmental services
industry are routinely faced with government enforcement proceedings, which can result in fines or other sanctions and require expenditures
for remedial work on waste management facilities and contaminated sites. Certain of these laws impose strict and, under certain circumstances,
joint and several liability on current and former owners and operators of facilities that release regulated materials or that generate
those materials and arrange for their disposal or treatment at contaminated sites. Such liabilities can relate to required cleanup of
releases of regulated materials and related natural resource damages. The landscape of environmental regulation to which we are subject
can change. Changes to environmental regulation may result in increased operating and compliance costs or, in more significant cases,
changes to how our facilities are able to operate. We constantly monitor the landscape of environmental regulation; however, our ability
to navigate through any changes to such regulations may result in a material effect on our operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Some
environmental laws and regulations impose liability and responsibility on present and former owners, operators or users of facilities
and sites for contamination at such facilities and sites without regard to causation or knowledge of contamination. Releases of regulated
materials at and from our facilities and those of our customers, or the disposal of regulated materials at third-party sites, which may
require investigation and remediation, and potentially result in claims of personal injury, property damage and damages to natural resources.
Investigations undertaken in connection with these activities may lead to discoveries of contamination that must be remediated, and closures
of facilities might trigger compliance requirements that are not applicable to operating facilities. Remedial activities could result
in a material effect upon our operations or financial condition and result in material costs. 

We
may not be able to obtain timely or cost-effective transportation services which could adversely affect our profitability. 

Revenue
at each of our facilities is subject to potential risks from disruptions in rail or truck transportation services relied upon to deliver
waste. Increases in fuel or labor costs, shortages of qualified drivers and unforeseen events such as labor disputes, public health pandemics,
severe weather, natural disasters and other acts of God, war or terror could prevent or delay shipments and reduce both volumes and revenue.
Transportation services may also be limited by economic conditions, including increased demand for rail or trucking services, resulting
in periods of slower service to the point that individual customer needs cannot be met. No assurance can be given that we can procure
transportation services in a timely manner at competitive rates or pass-through fuel cost increases in all cases. Such factors could
also limit our ability to achieve revenue and earnings objectives. 

We
may not be able to effectively adopt or adapt to new or improved technologies. 

We
expect to continue implementing new or improved technologies at our facilities to meet customer service demands and expand our business.
If we are unable to identify and implement new technologies in response to market conditions and customer requirements in a timely, cost-effective
manner, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

In
the event that we undertake future acquisitions, we may not be able to successfully execute our acquisition strategy. 

We
may experience delays in making acquisitions or be unable to make acquisitions we desire for a number of reasons. Suitable acquisition
candidates may not be available at purchase prices that are attractive to us or on terms that are acceptable to us. In pursuing acquisition
opportunities, we typically compete with other companies, some of which have greater financial and other resources than we do. We may
not have available funds or common stock with a sufficient market price to complete an acquisition. If we are unable to secure sufficient
funding for potential acquisitions, we may not be able to complete acquisitions that we otherwise find advantageous. 

17 

Acquisitions
that we undertake could be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our results of
operations. 

Acquisitions
involve multiple risks. Our inability to successfully integrate an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. These risks include but are not limited to: 

failure
 of the acquired company to achieve anticipated revenues, earnings or cash flows; 

assumption
 of liabilities, including those related to environmental matters, that were not disclosed to us or that exceed our estimates; 

problems
 integrating the purchased operations with our own, which could result in substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical
 or financial problems; 

potential
 compliance issues relating to the protection of health and the environment, compliance with securities laws and regulations, adequacy
 of internal controls and other matters; 

diversion
 of management s attention or other resources from our existing business; 

risks
 associated with entering markets or product/service areas in which we have limited prior experience; 

increases
 in working capital investment to fund the growth of acquired operations; 

unexpected
 capital expenditures to upgrade waste handling or other infrastructure or replace equipment to operate safely and efficiently; 

potential
 loss of key employees and customers of the acquired company; and 

future
 write-offs of intangible and other assets, including goodwill, if the acquired operations fail to generate sufficient cash flows. 

If
we are not able to achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully, if at all, or may
take longer to realize than expected. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption
of our ongoing business, failure to implement the business plan for the combined businesses, unanticipated issues in integrating service
offerings, logistics information, communications and other systems or other unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities, any or all
of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits
of the acquisition. 

We
face risks associated with project work and services that are provided on a non-recurring basis. 

A
portion of our revenue is derived from short-term projects or services that we provide on a non-recurring basis, which are not predictable
in terms of frequency, size or duration. Our customers need for these services could be influenced by regulatory changes, fluctuations
in commodity market performance, natural disasters and acts of God, or other factors beyond our control. Variability in the demand for
these services could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Some
of our customers have suffered financial difficulties, which could negatively impact our operating results. 

We
provide service to a number of customers, some of which have suffered significant financial difficulties in recent years. Some of these
entities could be unable to pay amounts owed to us or renew contracts with us at previous or increased rates. The inability of our customers
to pay us in a timely manner or to pay increased prices, particularly our larger accounts, could negatively affect our operating results. 

Our
success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel. If we lose key personnel or are unable to hire additional qualified
personnel, our business may be harmed. 

We
have traditionally operated with limited resources and infrastructure. As of the date of this report, we have a total of fourteen employees,
including our management team. We believe our success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled administrative,
technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense. Our financial condition or volatility
or lack of positive performance in our stock price or equity incentive awards may also adversely affect our ability to hire and retain
key employees. In addition, there is some seasonality to our business which requires us to use day laborers. The loss of services of
any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring required personnel,
particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product development,
manufacturing and sales. 

18 

Natural
disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Natural
disasters such as hurricanes, typhoons or earthquakes could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could
result in physical damage to one or more of our facilities or equipment, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, and
the temporary disruption in transportation services which we rely on to deliver waste to our facilities. These events could prevent or
delay shipments and reduce both volumes and revenue. Weather conditions and other event driven special projects may also cause variations
in our results. We may be required to suspend operations in some of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
long-term impact of terrorist attacks, such as the attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001, and the magnitude of the threat of future
terrorist attacks are not known at this time. Uncertainty surrounding hostilities in the Middle East or other sustained military campaigns
may affect our operations in unpredictable ways. Changes in the insurance markets attributable to terrorist attacks may make certain
types of insurance more difficult for us to obtain. Moreover, the insurance that may be available to us may be significantly more expensive
than our existing insurance coverage. Instability in the business and financial markets as a result of terrorism or war could also affect
our ability to raise capital and conduct business. 

In
late 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. Since then, the COVID-19 coronavirus
has spread to multiple countries, including the United States. If the COVID-19 coronavirus continues to spread or additional variants
develop, we may continue to experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, including availability of necessary items
or availability of workforce in a non-essential business either due to voluntary or mandated quarantine. The global outbreak of the COVID-19
coronavirus continues to rapidly evolve. The extent to which the COVID-19 may continue to impact our business will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate geographic spread of the disease, the duration
of the outbreak, travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions
and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

The
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may adversely impact our company. 

As
discussed in Part II, Item 9A, entitled Controls and Procedures, in this report, we have concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was not effective. 

We
are currently working to remediate the material weaknesses. We cannot be sure when we will successfully remediate the material weakness
or whether compensating controls will be effective in preventing or detecting material errors. The remediation may require substantial
time and resources to successfully implement. We may be unable to remediate these weaknesses until we have received additional funding
that may be necessary to hire additional personnel. Until we have sufficient internal finance and accounting staff, we plan to work closely
with external financial advisors to document the existing financial processes, risk assessment, and internal controls systematically.
These material weaknesses could cause creditors, customers, investors, regulators, strategic alliances and others to lose confidence
in the effectiveness of our internal controls and the accuracy of our financial statements and other information, all of which could
have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of the federal securities laws, which can be expensive . 

We
are a public reporting company in the United States and therefore, we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and other federal securities laws, and the compliance obligations of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The costs
of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports and other information with the SEC will cause our expenses to be higher than they
would be if we were a privately held company. 

19 

The
issuance or sale of equity, convertible or exchangeable securities in the market, or the perception of such future sales or issuances,
could lead to a decline in the price, if any, of our common stock. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to issue up to 70,000,000 shares of our common stock. Any issuance of equity or securities convertible
into or exchangeable for our equity securities, including for the purposes of expansion of our business, may have a dilutive effect on
our existing stockholders. 

The
perceived risk associated with the possible issuance of a large number of shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exchange
for a large number of shares of our common stock could cause some of our stockholders to sell their stock, thus causing the price of
our stock to decline. Subsequent sales of our common stock in the open market or the private placement of our common stock or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock could also have an adverse effect on the market price, if any, of our shares. If
our stock price declines, it may be more difficult for us to or we may be unable to raise additional capital. 

Over
the course of meeting our capital needs, we have entered into various instruments that are convertible into shares of our common stock.
We may conduct further equity offerings in the future. If common stock is issued in return for additional funds, property or services,
the price per share could be lower than that paid by our current stockholders. Also, any stock we sell in the future may be valued on
an arbitrary basis by us and the issuance of shares of common stock for future services, acquisitions or other corporate actions may
have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our existing stockholders. 

Future
sales of substantial amounts of our currently outstanding common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could
occur, could adversely affect prevailing trading prices of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through future
offerings of equity or equity-related securities. We cannot predict what effect, if any, future sales of our common stock, or the availability
of shares for future sales, will have on the market price of our stock. 

We
may not have enough authorized shares of capital stock to satisfy our contractual obligations. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to issue up to 70,000,000 shares of our common stock. As of March 31, 2022, there were 65,088,575
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and an additional 3,292,400 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding
convertible promissory notes. As interest accrues on the notes and the interest and principal under those notes remain unpaid, the number
of shares issuable upon conversion of the notes continues to increase. If the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the notes exceeds the number of authorized shares of common stock, we could be in default under those notes, and the holders of the
notes could declare a default and accelerate the indebtedness under those notes, which we do not have the cash to repay as of the filing
of this report. As a result, our inability to maintain an adequate number of authorized but unissued shares of our common stock to issue
upon conversion of our convertible instruments could result in defaults on our indebtedness, impair our ability to raise capital through
the issuance of equity securities or debt securities convertible into our common stock, and have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may experience volatility in our stock price, which could negatively affect your investment, and you may not be able to resell your shares
at or above the offering price. 

Our
common stock has traded in the over-the-counter marketplace on the OTCQB under the symbol SENR. . There can be no assurance
that our common stock will continue to be, or be admitted to, trade on any established trading market or exchange. Additionally, there
can be no assurance that we will maintain the requirements for continued listing or trading on an established trading market or exchange. 

20 

Our
common stock may not be traded actively. An illiquid market for shares of our common stock may result in lower trading prices and increased
volatility, which could negatively affect the value of your investment or your ability to sell your shares. If an active trading market
does develop, it may not last and the trading price of the shares may fluctuate widely as a result of a number of factors, many of which
are outside our control. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some of
which are beyond our control, including: 

our
 ability to commercialize our products, services and technologies; 

the
 amount and timing of expenses associated with our research and development programs and our ability to develop enhancements to our
 products and services; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

our
 ability to effectively manage our growth; 

our
 ability and the terms upon which we are able to raise capital sufficient to continue our operations; 

our
 cash position; 

sales
 of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; 

trading
 volume of our common stock; 

changes
 in accounting practices; 

ineffectiveness
 of our internal controls; 

disputes
 or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection
 for our technologies; 

significant
 lawsuits, including creditor, customer, patent or stockholder litigation; 

industry
 adoption of our technology or other new competing technologies; 

our
 ability to establish and expand key distribution partners; 

our
 ability to establish strategic relationships with third parties to accelerate our growth plans; 

announcements
 of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 

developments
 in the competitive environment, including the introduction of improved products or services by our competitors; 

overall
 performance of the equity markets; 

publication
 of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities
 analysts; 

our
 failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 

changes
 in the market valuations of similar companies; 

general
 political and economic conditions; and 

other
 events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

We
anticipate that our operating expenses will increase significantly. If our revenues in any quarter do not increase correspondingly, our
net losses for that period will increase. Moreover, given that a significant portion of our operating expenses cannot be quickly reduced,
if we cannot obtain revenues from operations or our revenues are delayed or below expectations, our operating results are likely to be
adversely and disproportionately affected. 

The
stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations
that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors
may seriously affect the market price of companies stock, including ours, regardless of actual operating performance. In addition,
in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities
class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial
costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which would harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 

We
do not presently intend to pay any cash dividends on or repurchase any shares of our common stock. 

We
do not presently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock. Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of the
board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness,
statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations that our board of directors deems
relevant. Cash dividend payments in the future may only be made out of legally available funds and, if we experience substantial losses,
such funds may not be available. Accordingly, you may have to sell some or all of your common stock in order to generate cash flow from
your investment and there is no guarantee that the price of our common stock that will prevail in the market after this offering may
never exceed the price paid by you in this offering. 

21 

Because
our shares are deemed penny stock, you may have difficulty selling them in the secondary trading market. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share. Additionally, if the equity security is not registered or
authorized on a national securities exchange, the equity security also would constitute a penny stock. As our common stock
falls within the definition of penny stock, these regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving our common stock,
of a risk disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with it. Disclosure is also required to be made
regarding compensation payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities.
In addition, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks. The ability of broker-dealers
to sell our common stock and the ability of stockholders to sell our common stock in the secondary market would be limited. As a result,
the market liquidity for our common stock would be severely and adversely affected. We can provide no assurance that trading in our common
stock will not be subject to these or other regulations in the future, which would negatively affect the market for our common stock. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Location 
 Owned/Leased 
 Function 
 Building(s)
 Sq. Footage 
 Total
 Acreage 

Broomfield, CO (1) 
 Leased 
 Corporate office, MV, PWS 
 3,864 
 n/a 

(1) 
 On
 May 1, 2019, the Company executed a lease for 3,864 square feet of office space that serves as the headquarters for SEER, MV and
 PWS. The new lease terminates August 31, 2026, unless otherwise extended. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None 

22 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information for Common Stock 

The
Company s common stock is quoted on the OTCQB marketplace, operated by OTC Markets Group, under the symbol SENR. 
The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid prices for the periods indicated. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.11 
 0.05 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.32 
 0.07 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.10 
 0.05 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.18 
 0.05 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.40 
 0.02 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.28 
 0.12 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.45 
 0.21 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.50 
 0.04 

Stockholders 

As
of April 13, 2023, there were approximately 81 recordholders holding 65,088,575 common shares issued and outstanding. There are no preferred
shares issued or outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the
growth and development of our business and, therefore, do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. There can be
no assurance that our operations will prove profitable to the extent necessary to pay cash dividends. Moreover, even if such profits
are achieved, the future dividend policy will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other factors
considered relevant by our board of directors. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
Applicable. 

23 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion is intended to assist in understanding our business and the results of our operations. It should be read in conjunction
with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related footnotes and Risk Factors that appear elsewhere in this Report.
Certain statements in this Report constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause
such a difference include, among others, uncertainties relating to general economic and business conditions; industry trends; changes
in demand for our products and services; uncertainties relating to customer plans and commitments and the timing of orders received from
customers; announcements or changes in our pricing policies or that of our competitors; unanticipated delays in the development, market
acceptance or installation of our products and services; changes in government regulations; availability of management and other key
personnel; availability, terms and deployment of capital; relationships with third-party equipment suppliers; and worldwide political
stability and economic growth. The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend 
and plan and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. Unless the context requires otherwise, when
we refer to we, us and our, we are describing SEER and its consolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis. 

Overview 

SEER
was formed as a publicly traded company in early 2008 through a reverse merger. SEER is dedicated to assembling complementary service
and environmental, clean-technology businesses that provide safe, innovative, cost effective, and profitable solutions in the oil 
gas, environmental, waste management and renewable energy industries. SEER currently operates five companies with four offices in the
western and mid-western U.S. Through these operating companies, SEER provides products and services throughout the U.S. and has licensed
and owned technologies with many customer installations throughout the U.S. Each of the five operating companies is discussed in more
detail below. The Company also has non-controlling interests in joint ventures, some of which have no or minimal operations. 

The
Company s domestic strategy is to grow internally through SEER s subsidiaries that have well established revenue streams
and, simultaneously, establish long-term alliances with and/or acquire complementary domestic businesses in rapidly growing markets for
renewable energy, waste and water treatment, and industrial services. The focus of the SEER family of companies, however, is to increase
margins by securing or developing proprietary, patented and patent-pending technologies, and then leveraging its 20 plus-year service
experience to place these innovations and solutions into the growing markets of emission capture and control, renewable green
gas capture and sale, compressed natural gas fuel generation, as well as general solid waste and medical/pharmaceutical waste
destruction. Many of SEER s current operating companies share customer bases and each provides truly synergistic services, technologies
and products as well as annuity type revenue streams. 

Financial
Condition 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 9.6 million in negative working capital, which represents a decrease of approximately 2.1
million from 7.5 million in negative working capital as of December 31, 2021. The primary reason for that working capital deficit increase
from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, is is due an increase in accounts payable and short term borrowings. 

As
shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced recurring losses, and has accumulated a deficit
of approximately 32.0 million as of December 31, 2021, and 29.4 million as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company incurred a net loss of approximately 2.7 million the Company realized net income of approximately 0.5 million and in 2021. 

24 

Realization
of a major portion of our assets as of December 31, 2022, is dependent upon our continued operations. The Company is dependent on generating
additional revenue or obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. In addition, we have undertaken
a number of specific steps to continue to operate as a going concern. We continue to focus on developing organic growth in our operating
companies, diversifying our service customer base and market concentrations and improving gross and net margins through increased attention
to pricing, aggressive cost management and overhead reductions, including discontinuing a line of business with insufficient margins.
Critical to achieving profitability will be our ability to license and or sell, permit and operate through our joint ventures and licensees
our CoronaLux waste destruction units. We have increased our business development efforts to address opportunities identified
in expanding domestic markets attributable to increased federal and state emission control regulations and a growing demand for energy
conservation and renewable energies. In addition, the Company is evaluating various forms of financing that may be available to it. There
can be no assurance that the Company will secure additional financing for working capital on favorable terms or at all, increase revenues
and achieve the desired result of net income and positive cash flow from operations in future years. These financial statements do not
give any effect to any adjustments that would be necessary should the Company be unable to report on a going concern basis. 

Results
of Continuing Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

Total
revenues were 4.1 million and 3.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The increase of approximately
 0.7 million or 19 in revenues comparing the year ended December 31, 2022, to the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily attributable
to the increases in revenues from our products segment revenue, which includes our environmental solutions segment, which increased from
 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of approximately
 0.8 million or approximately 25 . Environmental solutions segment generated more revenue, as the company continues to recover from the
economic slowdown as result of COVID-19 pandemic. 

Operating
expenses, which include cost of products, cost of solid waste and general and administrative (G A) expenses, salaries and
related expenses, were approximately 6.2 million and 4.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. In total,
operating expenses increased as a result of increased product costs of approximately 1.2 million for the year ended December 31,
2022, from the year ended December 31, 2021, coincides with the increase in product revenue above from 3.2 million to 4.0 million.
Margins increased were 16.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 31 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Salaries
and related expenses increased by 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from the year ended December 31,
2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred impairment losses of 0.3 million, compared to impairment losses of 0 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Total
non-operating income or expense, net was 0.6 million of other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.0 million
of other income for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred interest expense of 0.8 million. This was compared to a gain on abandonment of 1.5 million during the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

There
is no provision for income taxes for both the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, due to our net operating loss carryforward for
both periods and we continue to maintain full valuation allowances covering our net deferred tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, and
2021. 

Net
loss, before discontinued operations and non-controlling interest, for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 2.7 million compared to
a net gain, before discontinued operations and non-controlling interest, of 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net
loss attributable to SEER after deducting 0.1 million for the non-controlling interest 2.6 million for the year ended December 31,
2022, as compared to net income attributable to SEER after deducting 0.2 million for the non-controlling interest and adding a gain
from discontinued operations of 0.3 million was 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table summarizes the net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating activities 
 (1,024,000 
 (1,547,500 
 
 Investing activities 
 (8,300 
 189,100 
 
 Financing activities 
 865,000 
 1,499,900 

25 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 1.0 million compared to 1.5 million during the year
ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in operating activities is driven by our net loss and adjusted by non-cash items and changes in operating
assets and liabilities. Non-cash adjustments primarily include depreciation and amortization of property equipment and intangible
assets, stock-based compensation expense, impairment loss, gain on debt extinguishment, and non-cash interest expense related to the
issuance of common stock for short-term debt penalty. In 2022, net non-cash adjustments totaled approximately 0.5 million and in 2021,
net non-cash adjustments totaled 2.1 million. 2022 non-cash adjustments included 0.3 million related to impairment loss, and 0.1 million
related to gain on debt extinguishment. 

In
addition to the non-cash adjustments to net income, changes in assets and liabilities include: a) changes in accounts receivable
used 0.3 million in cash in 2022, compared to cash used of 0.2 million in 2021, a net increase in cash used of 0.1 million, b)
changes in contract assets used 0.1 million in cash in 2022, compared to providing 0 in 2021, a net decrease in cash provided of
 0.1 million, c) inventory provided 0.2 million in 2022, compared to using 0.1 million in 2021, a net increase in cash provided of
 0.3 million, d) accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and customer deposits provided 1.4 million in 2022, compared to providing
 26,700 in 2021, a net increase in cash provided of 1.4 million, d) contract liabilites provided 10,100 in 2022, compared to
providing 0.2 million in 2021, a net decrease in cash provided of 0.2 million, 

Investing
activities 

Net
cash used by investing activities is primarily attributable to the purchase of property and equipment. Our net cash flow used by
investing activities was 8,300 and 0.2 million was provided by investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, and
2021 respectively. During 2021, we had proceeds of 0.2 million from the sale of fixed assets. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately 0.9 million for 2022 and approximately 1.5 million for 2021. Proceeds from
the issuance of short-term and long-term debt, including the payroll protection program and notes from related parties, was 0.9 million
and 1.7 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Payments on notes payable was 0.1 million in 2022 and
 0.2 million in 2021. 

Critical
Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make a number of estimates and assumptions related to the reported amount of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the
forecasted cash flows used in the impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation allowances and reserves for receivables; revenue recognition related to contracts
accounted for under the percentage of completion method; and the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

26 

Accounts
Receivable and Concentration of Credit Risk 

Accounts
receivable are recorded at the invoiced amounts less an allowance for doubtful accounts and do not bear interest. The allowance for doubtful
accounts is based on our estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our accounts receivable. We determine the allowance for
doubtful accounts based upon an aging of accounts receivable, historical experience and management judgment. Accounts receivable balances
are reviewed individually for collectability, and balances are charged off against the allowance when we determine that the potential
for recovery is remote. An allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately 179,000 and 0 had been reserved as of December 31, 2022,
and 2021, respectively. 

We
are exposed to credit risk in the normal course of business, primarily related to accounts receivable. Our customers operate primarily
in the oil production and refining, rail transport, biogas generating and wastewater treatment industries in the United States. Accordingly,
we are affected by the economic conditions in these industries as well as general economic conditions in the United States. To limit
credit risk, management periodically reviews and evaluates the financial condition of its customers and maintains an allowance for doubtful
accounts. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we do not believe that we have significant credit risk. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Intangible
Assets. Intangible assets deemed to have finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, where
the useful life is the period over which the asset is expected to contribute directly, or indirectly, to our future cash flows. Intangible
assets are reviewed for impairment on an interim basis when certain events or circumstances exist. For amortizable intangible assets,
impairment exists when the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. At least annually, the remaining useful life
is evaluated. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently,
when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired.
Impairment exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. In testing for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform
a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is not
more likely than not that an impairment exists, a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If the Company concludes otherwise,
it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test. To the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new
cost basis of the asset that is amortized over the remaining useful life of that asset, if any. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses
is not permitted. 

Goodwill
represents the excess of purchase price of acquired businesses over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill
is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. The Company evaluates the recoverability
of goodwill annually; however, we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill more often if impairment indicators exist. 

In
2022, we early adopted ASU 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment ,
which eliminates the two-step goodwill impairment process. Goodwill is first qualitatively assessed to determine whether further impairment
testing is necessary. Factors that management considers in this assessment include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations,
overall financial performance (both current and projected), changes in management and strategy, and changes in the composition or carrying
amount of net assets. If this qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit
is less than its carrying amount, a one-step test is then performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount.
If the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge will be recorded for the difference between
the fair value and carrying value, but is limited to the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill. An impairment loss was
charged to goodwill in the amount of 277,800 for the year ended December 31, 2022. No impairment was recorded for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
May 2014, the FASB issued guidance on revenue from contracts with customers that superseded most current revenue recognition guidance,
including industry-specific guidance. The underlying principle of the guidance is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods
or services to customers at an amount to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance
requires an evaluation of revenue arrangements with customers following a five-step approach: (1) identify the contract with a customer;
(2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to
the performance obligations; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the company satisfies each performance obligation. Revenues are recognized
when control of the promised services are transferred to the customers in an amount that reflects the expected consideration in exchange
for those services. A customer obtains control when it has the ability to direct the use of and obtain the benefits from the services.
Other major provisions of the guidance include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of the time value of money in
the transaction price and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain
circumstances. The guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash
flows arising from contracts with customers. 

27 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
Applicable 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Information
regarding Financial Statements and Supplementary Data appears beginning on page F-1 under the captions Consolidated Balance Sheets, 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations, Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We
carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Principal Accounting Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon
that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Principal Accounting Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). 

28 

Based
on its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal
control over financial reporting were not effective, and material weaknesses over financial reporting were identified. Material weakness
means a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the registrant s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. The material weaknesses identified were: 

due
 to ongoing financial constraints, we have not been devoting adequate resources to our accounting and reporting functions in order
 to properly record, file and review our financial transactions on a regular basis in order to ensure accuracy;and 

we
 do not have a properly documented internal control system in accordance with the requirements of COSO or some similarly appropriate
 internal control methodology or formal documentation of our systems of internal control. 

We
are currently working to remediate the material weaknesses. We cannot be sure when we will successfully remediate the material weaknesses
or whether compensating controls will be effective in preventing or detecting material errors. The remediation may require substantial
time and resources to successfully implement. We may be unable to remediate these weaknesses until we have received additional funding
that may be necessary to hire additional personnel. Until we have sufficient internal finance and accounting staff, we plan to work closely
with external financial advisors to document the existing financial processes, risk assessment, and internal controls systematically.
These material weaknesses could cause creditors, customers, investors, regulators, strategic alliances and others to lose confidence
in the effectiveness of our internal controls and the accuracy of our financial statements and other information, all of which could
have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report. 

Changes
In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

29 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers and directors as of April 13, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 J.
 John Combs III 
 
 64 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Director, Chairman of the Board, Secretary 
 
 Christopher
 H. Dieterich 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Scott Yezner 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Ian
 Smith 
 
 44 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

Joseph
John Combs III, Esq., President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board, and Secretary. Mr. Combs, a SEER Founder,
is currently CEO. He also serves as General Counsel. Before joining the Company, he owned and operated the law firm of Combs Associates
from 1989 to 2003. Prior to that he was an associate in the law firm of Berman Blanchard in Los Angeles from 1987 to 1989, and
an associate in the law firm of Parker, Milliken, Clark, O hara Samuelian, in Los Angeles from 1983 to 1987. His experience
in private practice has included corporate maintenance, international finance, and business litigation. Over the last 30 years he has
served as an officer and director of various sized corporations, both public and private, and was a Director and Officer of Armada Water
Assets, Inc until his resignation in September 2014. For the past five years Mr. Combs has not served as a director of a public company,
other than SEER. He received his B.A. from the University of Colorado, with honors, and a J uris Doctorate from Duke University
School of Law in 1983. Mr. Combs was chosen as a Director because of his leadership experience, public company experience, experience
serving on the boards of directors and committees of both public and private entities and other experience as a practicing attorney. 

Christopher
H. Dieterich, Director, has served on the board since January 2008 . Mr. Dieterich is the founder and managing partner
of Dieterich Associates, a litigation and commercial law firm based in Los Angeles, California, providing legal services to entrepreneurial
and emerging technology companies during the past 34 years. His firm specializes in venture capital and private equity financings, as
well as in SEC compliance issues for public companies. He obtained his undergraduate engineering degree from Virginia Tech, graduate
engineering degree from UC Berkeley (1970) and graduated from the joint Law and Economics program at UCLA in 1979, after serving six
years in the US Air Force as a flight instructor in advanced jets. He has been a Director of the Company since 2008 and was Secretary
from 2008 until November 2013. Mr. Dieterich was chosen as a Director because of his experience in a broad range of businesses as well
experience serving on the boards of directors and committees of private entities. 

Christopher
Scott Yenzer, Director , has served on the board since January 2019. Mr. Yenzer has served as corporate development officer
of Blackeagle Energy Services from May 2018 until May 2019, is a 30-year engineering industry veteran with demonstrated strengths in
the area of global relationships and operations growth plans. Mr. Yenzer s extensive engineering and management background includes
domestic and global, commercial oil and gas transaction management for some of the world s largest engineering firms. He provides
the SEER management team with a complementary perspective that is grounded in practical, hands-on experience in growing diverse businesses
in both up and down cycles. Prior to his current role, Mr. Yenzer was COO and co-owner of Caribou Energy Corporation, which was sold
in 2017. Prior to Caribou Energy, Mr. Yenzer served as vice president of Jacobs/CH2M, responsible for developing Enterprise Account Management
on the executive committee for all business groups: Oil Gas and Chemicals, Environmental Nuclear, Water, and Infrastructure
and Power. Mr. Yenzer built the successful Oil Gas and Chemicals Global Strategic Account Team which included BP, ExxonMobil, Shell,
Conoco, Hess TransCanada and Noble and led development of uniform account plans and growth strategies. During his tenure with Jacobs,
Mr. Yenzer has held various positions from Project Engineer to Program Manager to VP of Business Development and his CV hosts a list
of impressive wins resulting from his ability to grow relationships and revenues across all markets, while increasing value
to clients. 

30 

Ian
Smith, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Smith joined the Company in October 2022 as a consultant in the role of Interim
Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Smith has extensive experience with positions in accounting, finance, Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) financial reporting, Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) compliance, and strategic planning. Mr. Smith also began his career at Ernst and Young,
LLLP. Mr. Smith received an Masters in Business Administration and a B.B.A degree in Accounting from the Sam Houston State University. 

Director
Independence 

The
board of directors has determined that Christopher Dieterich is considered an independent director. Under the National
Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations NASDAQ definition, an independent director means
a person other than an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or any other individuals having a relationship that, in
the opinion of the Company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of the director. The board of directors discretion in determining director independence is not completely unfettered.
Further, under the NASDAQ definition, an independent director is a person who (1) is not currently (or whose immediate family members
are not currently), and has not been over the past three years (or whose immediate family members have not been over the past three years),
employed by the company; (2) has not (or whose immediate family members have not) been paid more than 120,000 during the current or
past three fiscal years; (3) has not (or whose immediately family has not) been a partner in or controlling shareholder or executive
officer of an organization which the company made, or from which the company received, payments in excess of the greater of 200,000
or 5 of that organizations consolidated gross revenues, in any of the most recent three fiscal years; (4) has not (or whose immediate
family members have not), over the past three years been employed as an executive officer of a company in which an executive officer
of the company has served on that company s compensation committee; or (5) is not currently (or whose immediate family members
are not currently), and has not been over the past three years (or whose immediate family members have not been over the past three years)
a partner of the company s outside auditor. 

Board
Meetings and committees; annual meeting attendance 

There
is no Nominating Committee for directors, which the Company considers reasonable, as there is no direct compensation to directors who
are not also officers, and there is no liability insurance available for errors and omissions, should they occur. Therefore, the Company
has found it extremely difficult to attract independent directors. There were no changes to the procedures by which security holders
may recommend nominees to the Company s board of directors. 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We
do not have a standing audit committee, an audit committee financial expert, or any committee or person performing a similar function.
The entire board of directors acts as the audit committee. We currently have limited working capital and a history of losses. Our board
of directors does not believe that it would be in our best interests at this time to identify and retain independent directors to sit
on an audit committee or a director that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under SEC regulations. 

Compensation
Committee 

As
of this filing there was no compensation committee. The entire board of directors acts as the compensation committee. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Scott
Yenzer, a director, is delinquent in filing a Form 3, and a Form 4 at the time of this filing. 

31 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
board of directors has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for Officers, Directors and Employees, which includes our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. A
current copy of the code is posted on our website, www.seer-corp.com. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
following table sets forth a summary of the compensation for each of our named executive officers for the financial years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021. 

Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Warrants or Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Officers 

J. John Combs III 
 2022 
 166,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 166,600 
 
 Chief Execurive Officer, President and Secretary 
 2021 
 166,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 166,600 

Tom Jones 
 2022 
 160,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 160,000 
 
 VP Business Development, MV Technologies 
 2021 
 156,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 156,000 

Employment
Agreements 

There
are no employment agreements or contracts with any named executive officers. 

Director
Compensation 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, no compensation was paid to directors other than those listed in the Summary Compensation Table
above. We may implement director compensation arrangements or programs in the future. 

32 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2021 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option
 Exercise Price
 ) 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 
 Directors 

Christopher H. Dieterich 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Director 

Scott Yezner 
 1,000,000 (1) 
 - 
 0.70 
 09/01/2026 
 
 Director 

(1) 
 In
 September 2019, Mr. Yezner was granted options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at 0.70. The options vest quarterly
 over 2 years, becoming fully vested on September 1, 2021. Each tranche of vested options begins to expire 5 years after they vest,
 therefore these options expire quarterly, as they vested, between September 1, 2024 through September 1, 2026. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table sets forth as of April 13, 2023, certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock by: 

Each
 person known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of our common stock; 

Each
 executive officer who in this report are collectively referred to as the Named Executive Officers; 

Each
 of our directors; and 

All
 of our executive officers (as that term is defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC) and directors as a group. 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Beneficial ownership generally means having
sole or shared voting or investment power with respect to securities. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, each
shareholder named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock set forth opposite the
shareholder s name. As of March 30, 2022, 65,088,575 shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding. 

33 

Name and address of beneficial owners 
 Number of shares beneficially owned (1) 
 Percentage of class 

Joseph John Combs, III 
 3,606,315 (2) 
 5.5 
 
 CEO, President, Secretary 

370 Interlocken Blvd., Ste 680 

Broomfield, CO 80021 

Christopher H. Dieterich 
 - 

Director 

370 Interlocken Blvd., Ste 680 

Broomfield, CO 80021 

Scott Yezner 
 1,000,000 (3) 
 1.5 
 
 Director 

370 Interlocken Blvd., Ste 680 

Broomfield, CO 80021 

Fortunato Villamagna 
 - 

President - PWS 

370 Interlocken Blvd., Ste 680 

Broomfield, CO 80021 

Clark Knopik 
 - 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

370 Interlocken Blvd., Ste 680 

Broomfield, CO 80021 

LPD Investments, Ltd. 
 6,290,832 (4) 
 9.7 
 
 25025 145 North, Ste 410 

The Woodlands, TX 77380 

Clyde Berg 
 6,010,000 (5) 
 9.2 
 
 10050 Brandley Drive 

Cupertino, CA 95014 

Tracy Miller 
 3,925,316 
 6.0 
 
 1814 Larchmont Ct 

Lafayette, CO 80026 

Carl Berg 
 3,500,000 (6) 
 5.4 
 
 10050 Brandley Drive 

Cupertino, CA 95014 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (4 persons) 
 4,606,315 
 7.0 

Represents less than 1 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership is defined in the regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as having or sharing, directly
 or indirectly (1) voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, or (2) investment power, which includes
 the power to dispose or to direct the disposition, of shares of the common stock of an issuer. The definition of beneficial ownership
 includes shares underlying options or warrants to purchase common stock, or other securities convertible into common stock, that
 currently are exercisable or convertible or that will become exercisable or convertible within 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated,
 the beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power. 

(2) 
 Consists
 of 3,606,315 shares owned by Mr. Combs. 

(3) 
 Consists
 of options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock, which were excersiable as of the date of this report, and shares becoming
 vested within 60 days of this report. 

(4) 
 Consists
 of 5,140,832 shares according to Form 13G filed on August 29, 2014, 200,000 shares of common stock issued in August 2017 related
 to penalty on payment of short-term debt, 250,000 shares of common stock issued in March 2018 related to a private offering, and
 700,000 shares which were issued to LPD during fiscal year 2019 related to penalty on late payment of short-term note. 

(5) 
 Consists
 of 3,800,000 shares owned by Mr. Clyde Berg, and 2,210,000 shares which are issuable as of December 31, 2021, related to penalty
 on late payment of short-term notes, issued in fiscal year 2019. 

(6) 
 Consists
 of 400,000 shares owned by Mr. Carl Berg and 2,400,000 shares owned by Carl and Mary Ann Berg CRT for which Mr. Berg has beneficial
 ownership, 125,000 shares issuable related to a short-term note issued July 8, 2020, and 575,000 shares which are issuable as of
 December 31, 2021, related to long term debt issued in July 2018. 

34 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 

Notes
payable, related parties 

Notes
payable, related parties and accrued interest due to certain related parties as of December 31, 2021, and 2020 are as follows: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Secured short term note payable dated August 21, 2019 with principal and interest due 60 days from issuance. The note requires a one-time fee in the amount of 4,150 to compensate for the first two weeks of the term and each week thereafter (weeks 3-8) a fee of 415 shall be due and owing accruing on the first day of the week, after which the fee is 600 per week, which is recorded as interest expense. The note is from a family member of the CEO, and thus classified as a related party note. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of 28,800. Unpaid interest as of December 31, 2021 is approximately 55,200. 
 125,000 
 125,000 

Total short-term notes - related party 
 125,000 
 125,000 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Accrued Interest 
 59,000 
 55,800 

59,000 
 55,800 

35 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

The
Company does not maintain a written policy with respect to related party transactions and our board of directors does not routinely review
potential transactions with those parties we have identified as related parties prior to the consummation of the transaction. 

ITEM
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following table presents aggregate fees billed to the Company for professional services rendered by L J Soldinger Associates, LLC for
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

2022 Fees 
 2021 Fees 
 
 Audit Fees 
 278,100 
 270,700 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 24,500 
 53,200 
 
 Total Fees 
 302,600 
 323,900 

Audit
Fees were for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements and review
of consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided
by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. The 2022 and
2021 fees include not only the annual audit fees but the review of the three quarterly 10-Q s in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees were for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

Tax
Fees were for professional services rendered for federal, state and international tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

ITEM
15. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS 

a)
Financial Statements 

The
following financial statements are included as Exhibit 99.1 and are hereby incorporated by reference: 

Audited
Financial Statements 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

36 

(b)
Exhibits 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation, dated February 13, 2002 (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment
 to the Articles of Incorporation, dated December 19, 2007, changing the name and effecting a reverse stock split (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws
 of the corporation, effective February 13, 2002 (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 225,000
 Convertible Note and Note Agreement of the Corporation, issued February 14, 2012 (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Warrant, having a 3-year life with 0.50 exercise price (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Warrant, having a 5-year life with 0.50 exercise price (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Agreement
 for acquisition of MV, dated June 13, 2008 (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Agreement
 for acquisition of intellectual property from Black Stone Management Services, LLC, dated August 10, 2011 (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Agreement
 for Merger with Satellite Organizing Solutions, Inc. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between the Company and Monty R. Lamirato, dated October 8, 2013 (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Irrevocable
 License and Royalty Agreement between the Company and Paragon Waste Solutions, LLC, dated March 21, 2012 (3) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (1) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of Registrant (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Financial
 Statements 
 
 101.INS 

Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10 filed May 21, 2013. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10 Amendment No. 1 filed July 23, 2013. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2013 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K filed March 27, 2014 

Filed
 herewith 

This
 certification is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
 Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing
 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or the Exchange Act. 

Pursuant
 to applicable securities laws and regulations, these interactive data files will not be deemed filed for the purposes
 of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor will they be
 deemed filed or made a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of
 1933, or otherwise subject to liability under those sections. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
April 13, 2023 
 STRATEGIC
 ENVIRONMENTAL ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. 

By
 
 /s/
 J. John Combs III 

J.
 John Combs III 

Chief
 Executive Officer with 

Responsibility
 to sign on behalf of Registrant as a 

Duly
 authorized officer and principal executive officer 

By 
 /s/
 Ian Smith 

Ian
 Smith 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer with 

responsibility
 to sign on behalf of Registrant as a 

duly
 authorized officer and principal financial officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

/s/
 J. John Combs III 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 J.
 John Combs III 

/s/
 Christopher Scott Yenzer 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Christopher
 Scott Yenzer 

/s/
 Christopher Dieterich 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Christopher
 Dieterich 

38 

Exhibit
99.1 Financial Statements 

Annual
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Strategic Environmental Energy Resources, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Strategic Environmental Energy Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries (the
 Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1, the Company has (i) incurred significant losses since inception, (ii) has an accumulated deficit of approximately 32.0 million as
of December 31, 2022 and (iii) needs to raise substantial amounts of additional funds to meet its obligations as well as afford it time
to develop profitable operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

April
13, 2023 

PCAOB
 Audit ID # 

F- 1 

STRATEGIC
ENVIRONMENTAL ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net
 of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Inventory 

Contract assets 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible Assets, net 

Right of use assets 

Investments 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Paycheck protection program
 liabilities 
 - 

Short term notes 

Short term notes and accrued
 interest - related party 

Convertible notes 

Current portion of long
term debt 

Current
 portion of lease liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Lease liabilities net of current portion 

Long term debt, net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred stock; par value; 
 shares authorized; - - shares issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock; par value; 
 shares authorized; shares issued, issuable and outstanding December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock issuable 

Additional paid-in capital 

Stock Subscription receivable 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

shares issuable at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, per terms of note agreements. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

STRATEGIC
ENVIRONMENTAL ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For
 The Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Products 

Solid
 waste 

Total
 revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Products costs 

Solid waste costs 

General and administrative
 expenses 

Salaries
 and related expenses 

Impairment - Intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment - Goodwill 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Gain on abandonment 
 - 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Other 

Total
 non-operating expense, net 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Income from discontinued
 operations, net of tax 
 - 

Net lncome (loss) 

Less: Net income (loss)
 attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to SEER common
 stockholders 

Basic earnings per share attributable to SEER
 common stockholders 

Loss from continuing operations, per share 

Income from discontinued
 operations, per share 
 - 

Net income (loss) per share, basic 

Fully diluted earnings per share attributable
 to SEER common stockholders 

Loss from continuing operations, per share 

Income from discontinued
 operations, per share 
 - 

Net income (loss) per share, basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding 
 diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

STRATEGIC
ENVIRONMENTAL ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Subscribed 

Receivable 

Deficit 

Interest 

Deficit 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred
 Stock 

Common
 Stock 

Paid-in 

Common Stock 

Stock Subscription 

Accumulated 

Non-controller 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Subscribed 

Receivable 

Deficit 

Interest 

Deficit 

Balances
 at December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balances at December
 31, 2021 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net
 loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Balances at December
 31, 2022 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

STRATEGIC
ENVIRONMENTAL ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the year ended December 31, 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Loss from continuing
 operations 

Loss
 from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation
 expense 
 - 

Gain on abandoment of subsidiary 

Non-cash expense for interest,
 accretion of debt discount 
 - 

Gain on debt distinguishment 

Other Income 

Loss/(Gain) on disposition
 of assets 

Impairment Loss 
 
 - 
 
 Bad debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other
 assets 

Accounts payable, accrued
 liabilities, and customer deposits 

Contract liabilities 

Deferred
 revenue 
 - 

Net cash used in operating
 activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and
 equipment 

Proceeds
 from the sale of fixed assets 

Net cash (used in)
 provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments of notes 

Payments of short-term
 notes - related party 

Proceeds from short-term
 notes and accrued interest - related party 
 - 

Proceeds from short-term
 and long-term debt 

Proceeds
 from paycheck protection program 
 - 

Net cash provided by
 financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash
 at the beginning of period 

Cash
 at the end of period 

Supplemental disclosures
 of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment
 in PSMW 
 
 - 
 
 Financing
 of prepaid insurance premiums 

Non-cash
 repayment of debt 
 - 

Non-cash
 purcahse of equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash
 payment of interest 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

STRATEGIC
ENVIRONMENTAL ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

by SEER, PelleChar is owned 
by SEER, and Benefuels is owned by SEER. Benefuels, focuses specifically on treating biogas for conversion to pipeline quality gas and/or compressed natural gas CNG for fleet vehicle fuel. Benefuels had minimal operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

PWS
developed specific opportunities to deploy and commercialize patented technologies for a non-thermal plasma-assisted
oxidation process that makes possible the clean and efficient destruction of solid hazardous chemical and biological waste i.e .,
regulated medical waste, chemicals, pharmaceuticals and refinery tank waste, etc .) without landfilling or traditional incineration
and without harmful emissions. Additionally, this technology cleans and conditions emissions and gaseous waste streams i.e ., volatile organic compounds and other greenhouse gases) generated from diverse sources such as refineries, oil fields, and
many others. In July 2022, the Company exchanged its patents and related technology, to its joint venture, Paragon Southwest Medical Waste PSMW ), in exchange for units in PSMW (See Note 9.) 

PelleChar
was established in September 2018 and is owned 
by SEER. Pellechar has secured third-party pellet manufacturing capabilities from one of the nation s premier pellet manufacturers.
Working closely with Biochar Now, LLC, Pellechar commenced sales in late 2019 of its proprietary pellets containing the proven and superior
Biochar Now product starting with the landscaping and big agriculture markets. At this time, Pellechar is the only company able to offer
a soil amendment pellet containing the Biochar Now product that is produced using the patented pyrolytic process. 

Principals
of Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SEER, its wholly owned subsidiaries, SEM, and MV, and its majority-owned
subsidiaries PWS and PelleChar, since their respective acquisition or formation dates. All material intercompany accounts, transactions,
and profits have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company has non-controlling interest in joint ventures, which are reported on
the equity method. 

Going
Concern 

As
shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced recurring losses, and has an accumulated deficit
of approximately million
as of December 31, 2022, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss from continuing operations of approximately
 million.
As of December 31, 2022, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by approximately 
 million. These factors raise substantial doubt
about the ability of the Company to continue to operate as a going concern. 

Realization
of a major portion of the Company s assets as of December 31, 2022, is dependent upon continued operations. The Company is
dependent on generating additional revenue or obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company raised approximately million
from the issuance of short-term and long-term debt, offset by payments of principal on short term notes of million,
for a net cash provided by financing activities of approximately million.
In addition, the Company has undertaken a number of specific steps to continue to operate as a going concern. The Company continues
to focus on developing organic growth in our operating companies and improving gross and net margins through increased attention to
pricing, aggressive cost management and overhead reductions. Critical to achieving profitability will be the ability to license and or sell, permit and operate though the
Company s joint ventures. The Company has increased business
development efforts to address opportunities identified in expanding markets attributable to increased interest in energy
conservation and emission control regulations. In addition, the Company is evaluating various forms of financing which may be
available to it. There can be no assurance that the Company will secure additional financing for working capital, increase revenues
and achieve the desired result of net income and positive cash flow from operations in future years. These financial statements do
not give any effect to any adjustments that would be necessary should the Company be unable to report on a going concern
basis. 

and 
 had been reserved as of December 31, 2022, and
2021, respectively. 

We
are exposed to credit risk in the normal course of business, primarily related to accounts receivable. Our customers operate primarily
in the oil production and refining, biogas generating landfill and wastewater treatment industries in the United States. Accordingly,
we are affected by the economic conditions in these industries as well as general economic conditions in the United States. To limit
credit risk, management periodically reviews and evaluates the financial condition of its customers and maintains an allowance for doubtful
accounts. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had four customers who comprised 10 or more of our accounts receivable and had a balance of approximately .
As of December 31, 2021, we had three customers who comprised 10 or more of our accounts receivable and had a balance of approximately
 . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had two customers who each had sales in excess of 10 of our revenue and they represented approximately
 
of total revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had three customers who each had sales in excess of 10 of our revenue and
they represented approximately 
of total revenue. 

Work in process 

- 

Raw materials 

- 

Inventory, net 

The
authoritative guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives
the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities Level 1 measurements)
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are
as follows: 

Level
1 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. 

Level
2 - Other inputs that are observable, directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs which are
observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level
3 - Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data and which the Company makes its own assumptions about how market
participants would price the assets and liabilities. 

In
instances in which multiple levels of inputs are used to measure fair value, hierarchy classification is based on the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular
input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. No impairment was recorded for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

for the years ended
December 31, 2022, and 2021. R D expenses are included in general and administrative expenses, when incurred. 

adjustments for uncertain tax positions. 

The
Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. interest and penalties related
to uncertain tax positions were recognized at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company expects no material changes to unrecognized tax
positions within the next twelve months. 

The
Company has filed federal and state tax returns through December 31, 2021. The tax periods for the years ending December 31, 2019, through
2022 are open to examination by federal and state authorities. 

In
 March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020 - 04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference
Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . ASU 2020 - 04 provides optional expedient and exceptions for applying generally accepted
accounting principles to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria
are met. In response to the concerns about structural risks of interbank offered rates and, particularly, the risk of cessation of the
London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), regulators in several jurisdictions around the world have undertaken reference rate
reform initiatives to identify alternative reference rates that are more observable or transaction-based and less susceptible to manipulation.
The ASU provides companies with optional guidance to ease the potential accounting burden associated with transitioning away from reference
rates that are expected to be discontinued. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021 - 01, Reference Rate Reform Scope ,
which clarified the scope and application of the original guidance. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022 - 06, Reference
Rate Reform Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 . This update extends the sunset provision of ASU 2020 - 04
 to December 31, 2024. The Company has not yet adopted this ASU and is evaluating the effect of adopting this new accounting
guidance. 

In
 June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016 - 13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement
of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU 2016 - 13 requires companies to measure credit losses utilizing a methodology
that reflects expected credit losses and requires a consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform
credit loss estimates. For companies that qualified as Smaller Reporting Companies as defined by the SEC as of November 19, 2019,
 ASU 2016 - 13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the impact of the guidance on its financial statements. 

- 

Media sales 
 
 - 

Management fees 
 - 

Total
 Revenue 

Environmental
 Solutions 
 Solid
 Waste 
 Total 

Year
 ended December 31, 2021 

Environmental
 Solutions 
 Solid
 Waste 
 Total 

Sources of Revenue 

Product sales
 (1) 
 
 - 

Media sales 
 
 - 

Licensing fees 
 - 

Operating fees 
 - 

Management fees 
 - 

Total
 Revenue 

(1) 
of revenue included in discontinued operations 

Contract
Balances 

Where
a performance obligation has been satisfied but not yet invoiced at the reporting date, a contract asset is recognized on the balance
sheet. Where a performance obligation has not yet been satisfied but an invoice has been raised at the reporting date, a contract liability
is recognized on the balance sheet. 

- 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Increase
 (decrease) 

- 
 - 

The
majority of the Company s revenue is generally invoiced on a weekly or monthly basis, and the payments are generally received within
approximately 30-60 days. Deferred revenue is recorded when cash payments are received or due in advance of the Company s performance,
including amounts that are refundable. 

Remaining
Performance Obligations 

As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations was approximately
 million,
of which the Company expects to recognize approximately 
over the next 12 months. 

The
Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected term of one year
or less and (ii) contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue at the amounts to which it has the right to invoice for services
performed. 

Vehicles 

Waste destruction equipment, placed in service 

Furniture and office equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Building and improvements 

Land 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation
 and amortization 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 
 and ,
respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, depreciation expense included in cost of goods sold was 
 and ,
respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 depreciation expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses
was 
 and ,
respectively. 

The
Company evaluated its fixed assets for impairment, and determined that impairment charges were incurred in fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Customer list 

- 
 - 
 
 Technology 

Trade name 

- 
 - 

December
 31, 2021 

Gross
 carrying amount 
 Accumulated
 amortization 
 Impairment 
 Net
 carrying value 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 - 

Customer list 

- 
 - 
 
 Technology 

- 

Trade name 

- 
 - 

- 

The
estimated useful lives of the intangible assets range from seven
 to . Amortization expense, included in selling,
general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, was 
 and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company qualitatively
assessed whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the SEER Environmental Materials reporting unit was less than its carrying
amount. In 2022, SEM became aware of quality issues concerning its inventory production process and determined that as of December 31,
2022 it was more likely than not that the carrying value of the SEER Environmental Materials reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair
value. Accordingly, the Company performed an impairment analysis as of December 31, 2022 using the income approach. This analysis generally
requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues, operating margins, and discount
rates. Pursuant to Accounting Standard Update ASU 2017-04, the Company recorded an impairment of goodwill of approximately
 for the year ended December 31, 2022. No impairment of goodwill was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

to years,
and often include one or more options to renew. These renewal terms can extend the lease term from year
to month-to-month and are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. These
operating leases are included in Right of use assets on the Company s December 31, 2022, Consolidated Balance
Sheets and represent the Company s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The Company s obligation to
make lease payments are included in Current portion of lease liabilities and Lease liabilities net of current
portion on the Company s December 31, 2022, Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, total right-of-use
assets were approximately ,
and operating lease liabilities were approximately 
respectively . All operating lease expense is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized approximately
 in
operating lease costs for right-of-use assets. 

Because
the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present
value of the lease payments. The Company has certain contracts for real estate which may contain lease and non-lease components which
it has elected to treat as a single lease component. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for
 new operating lease obligations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities 

Less imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current operating
 lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Accrued settlement/litigation claims 

Warranty and defect claims 

Other 

Total Accrued Liabilities 

Less: billings to date 

Contract assets 

Billings to date 

Revenue recognized 

Contract liabilities 

membership units were issued, 
 membership units to the Company and 
 membership units to Black Stone. Fortunato Villamagna,
who serves as President of our PWS subsidiary, is a managing member and Chairman of Black Stone. In June 2012, the Company and Blackstone
each allocated 
of their respective membership units in PWS to Mr. J John Combs III, an officer and shareholder of the Company and Mr. Michael Cardillo,
a shareholder of the Company and an officer of a subsidiary. There was no value attributable to the units at the time of the allocation.
As of December 31, 2021, and 2020 the Company owned 
of the membership units, Black Stone owned 
of the membership units, and two related parties (as noted above), each owned 
of the membership units. 

In
August 2011, the Company acquired certain intellectual property in regard to waste destruction technology (the IP from
Black Stone in exchange for 
 shares of our common stock valued at .
We estimated the useful life of the IP at ten years, which was consistent with the useful life of other technology included in our intangible
assets, and management s initial assessment of the potential marketability of the IP. In March 2012, the Company entered into an
Irrevocable License Royalty Agreement with PWS that grants PWS an irrevocable world-wide license to the IP in exchange for a 
royalty on all revenues from the sale or lease of all CoronaLux units from PWS and its affiliates. The term commenced as of the
date of the Agreement and shall continue for a period not to exceed the life of the patent or patents filed by the Company. PWS may sub
license the IP and any revenue derived from sub licensing shall be included in the calculation of Gross Revenue for purposes of determining
royalty payments due the Company. Royalty payments are due 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. PWS generated licensing and
unit sales revenues of approximately 
 and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
respectively. 

Since
its inception through December 31, 2022, we have provided approximately 
 million in funding to PWS for working capital
and the further development and construction of various prototypes and commercial waste destruction units. No members of PWS have made
capital contributions or other funding to PWS other than SEER. The intent of the operating agreement is that we will provide the funding
as an advance against future earnings distributions made by PWS. 

Licensing
Agreements 

On
November 17, 2014, PWS entered into an Exclusive Licensing and Equipment Lease Agreement, for a limited license territory, with Medical
Waste Services, LLC MWS ). The License Agreement grants to MWS the use of the PWS Technology and the CoronaLux waste
destruction units for an initial term of seven years and required a payment of 
 as a non-refundable initial licensing fee and
distributions of 
of net operating profits, as defined in the agreement, in lieu of continuing royalty payments for the use of the licensed technology.
PWS and Medical Waste Services, LLC MWS formed a contractual joint venture to exploit the PWS medical waste destruction
technology. MWS has received approval from the California Department of Public Health and a restricted permit from the South Coast Air
Quality Management District SCAQMD to operate the CoronaLux unit licensed by MWS at its facility in Southern California.
The original licensing and partnership agreement was formally canceled in 2019, because MWS failed to implement the expansion plan outlined
in the original agreement), with both parties agreeing to continue operating the CoronaLux under the original terms of the agreement,
for strategic reasons. PWS has no obligations, commitments, or liabilities relative to MWS, and is free to sublicense to anyone or develop
company owned facilities. Operations to date have included the destruction of medical waste under a temporary operating permit issued
by SCAQMD since May 2015 and efforts to obtain a full operating permit from SCAQMD were successful and SCAQMD issued a Notice
of Intent to Issue Permit to Operate in March 2017. In November 2017, the full operating permit was issued by SCAQMD. 

In
December 2017, PWS and GulfWest Waste Solutions, LLC GWWS formed Paragon Southwest Medical Waste, LLC PSMW to exploit the PWS medical waste destruction technology. PSMW has an exclusive license to the CoronaLux technology in a
six-state area of the Southern United States. In 2017, PSMW purchased and installed three CoronaLux 
units for .
PWS incurred costs of 
 to prepare the three units for sale. Operations
in the form of medical waste destruction began in 2018. 

Paragon
Southwest Medical Waste, LLC 

On
July 20, 2022, PWS transferred all patents owned covering medical waste destruction, and related technology, to its joint venture,
Paragon Southwest Medical Waste PSMW ), in exchange for non-voting units in PSMW. The units in PSMW transferred in
connection with this transaction increased SEER s equity in PSMW to approximately ,
on a total consolidated basis. This transaction also canceled the irrevocable license and royalty agreement, and the management
agreement between PWS and PSMW. The Company recorded its investment in PSMW of under the cost method of accounting. The Company assessed
its investment in PSMW for impairment, and as of December 31, 2022, determined that no impairment was required. 

of the loan proceeds, all of which if paid within either 8 weeks
 or 24 weeks of the receipt of the loan proceeds . At the time of this filing, the loans were forgiven by the SBA and recorded as a gain on debt extinguishment. 

- 

SHORT TERM NOTES 

Secured short term note
 payable dated October 13, 2017 with principal and interest due days from issuance. The note requires a one-time fee in the amount
 of to compensate for the first two weeks of the term and each week thereafter (weeks 3-8) a fee of shall be due and owing
 accruing on the first day of the week. The total one-time fee paid was and was recorded as interest. A fee of shares
 of restricted common stock shall be issued as a penalty for each month or prorated for any two-week portion of any month the note
 is outstanding past the original maturity date for months 3 through 6, and a fee of shares of restricted common stock shall
 be issued to lender for each month or prorated for each two-week portion of any month the note is outstanding past the original maturity
 date beginning in month 7 until paid in full. The note is secured by the future sale of CoronaLux units and a personal guarantee
 of an officer of the Company. The penalty period for shares to be issued has been reached, however, the debt holder agreed to a reduction
 and a fixed amount of penalty shares in 2018, as issuable under the terms of this agreement. No additional shares will be issued
 by the Company. The reduction of penalty shares was accounted for as debt extinguishment and a gain was recorded in 2018. No
 interest accrues on the unpaid balance. 

Secured short term note
 payable dated November 6, 2017 with principal and interest due days from issuance. The note requires a one-time fee in the amount
 of to compensate for the first two weeks of the term and each week thereafter (weeks 3-8) a fee of shall be due and owing
 accruing on the first day of the week. The total one-time fee paid was and was recorded as interest. A fee of shares
 of restricted common stock shall be issued as a penalty for each month or prorated for any two-week portion of any month the note
 is outstanding past the original maturity date for months 3 through 6, and a fee of shares of restricted common stock shall
 be issued to lender for each month or prorated for each two-week portion of any month the note is outstanding past the original maturity
 date beginning in month 7 until paid in full. The note is secured by the future sale of CoronaLux units and a personal guarantee
 of an officer of the Company. The penalty period for shares to be issued has been reached, however, the debt holder agreed to a reduced
 and fixed amount of penalty shares during 2018. No additional shares will be issued by the Company. The reduction of penalty shares
 was accounted for as debt extinguishment and a gain was recorded in 2018. No interest accrues on the unpaid balance. 

Note payable dated November
 20, 2017, interest at per annum, principal and accrued interest due on or before . The note is unsecured. of which of interest and principal reduction of was paid by the
 issuance of shares of common stock during 2018 and the note holder has continued to extend the due date . Unpaid interest
 at December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

Secured short
 term note payable dated February 1, 2019 with principal and interest due days from issuance. 
 shall be due and owing accruing on the first day of the week. The total one-time fee totals and was recorded as interest.
 A fee of shares of restricted common stock shall be issued as a penalty for each month or prorated for any two-week portion
 of any month the note is outstanding past the original maturity date for months 4 through 6, and a fee of shares of restricted
 common stock shall be issued to lender for each month or prorated for each two-week portion of any month the note is outstanding
 past the original maturity date beginning in month 7 until paid in full . The note is secured by the future sale of any and all PelleChar
 products and a personal guarantee of an officer of the Company. The penalty period for shares to be issued has been reached, and
 the maximum agreed common shares have been accrued, and has been recorded as interest expense in prior periods. Unpaid one-time fees
 at December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

Secured short term note
 payable dated July 2, 2019 with principal and interest due days from issuance. The note requires a one-time issuance of 
 options, which the company recorded the fair value of as debt discount, amortized over the life of the note. The note accrues
 interest at annually. The note is past due as the date of this filing. The Company has not received notice from the lender and
 continue to accrue interest. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest
 at December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

Secured short term note
 payable dated July 18, 2019 with principal and interest due days from issuance. to compensate for the first two weeks of the term and each week thereafter (weeks 3-12) a fee of shall be due and
 owing accruing on the first day of the week and was recorded as interest. A fee of shares of restricted common stock shall
 be issued as a penalty for each month or prorated for any two-week portion of any month the note is outstanding past the original
 maturity date for months 3 through 6, and a fee of shares of restricted common stock shall be issued to lender for each month
 or prorated for each two-week portion of any month the note is outstanding past the original maturity date beginning in month 7 until
 paid in full . The note is secured by the future sale of any and all MV Technology, LLC products. The penalty period for shares to
 be issued has been reached, and the maximum agreed common shares have been accrued, and has been recorded as interest expense in
 prior periods. Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

Secured short term note
 payable dated October 17, 2019 with principal and interest due months from issuance. On April 24, 2020, this note was extended
 to October 15, 2020. The note requires a one-time issuance of common shares of the Company upon the maturity date of the
 note, which the company recorded the fair value of as debt discount, amortized over the life of the note. The note extension
 requires a one-time issuance of common shares of the Company upon the extended maturity date of the note, which the company
 recorded the fair value of as debt discount, amortized over the life of the note. On November 3, 2020, this note
 was extended to October 15, 2021. The note is past due as the date of this filing. The note accrues interest at annually. For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 is approximately
 . 

Secured short term note
 payable dated December 14, 2019 with principal and interest due months from issuance. The note requires a one-time issuance of
 common shares of the Company upon the maturity date of the note, which the company recorded the fair value of as
 debt discount, amortized over the life of the note. The note accrues interest at annually. The note is past due as the date of
 this filing. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest at December
 31, 2022 is approximately . 

Secured short term note
payable dated October 1, 2019. The note accrues interest at 
annually. The note s principal is to be paid in twelve
 monthly installments commencing on January 15,
2020. In 2021, an extension was negotiated with the lender. In 2022 the lender s note balance of 50m800 and of accrued interest
was paid by the repurchase of units the Company held in the lender. 
 - 

Secured short term note payable
 dated March 16, 2020, maturing on . The note bears annual simple interest, at a rate of , and matures
 on March 15, 2021. The Lender receives a one-time option grant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock for
 per share for a period of years from grant date, on the maturity date, with payment of principal and interest. These
 options were value at approximately , and are recorded as debt discount, and amortized over the life of the loan. The
 note is past due as the date of this filing. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of ,
 and of interest related to debt discount. Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

Secured short term note payable dated March
 17, 2020, maturing on . The note bears annual simple interest, at a rate of . The Lender receives a one-time option
 grant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock for per share for a period of years from grant date,
 on the maturity date, on the maturity date, with payment of principal and interest. These options were value
 at approximately , and are recorded as debt discount, and amortized over the life of the loan. The note is past
 due as the date of this filing. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest
 at December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

Secured short term note payable dated July
 8, 2020, maturing on , bearing annual simple interest at a rate of . The note requires a one-time issuance
 of common shares of the Company upon the maturity date of the note, which the company recorded the fair value of 
 as debt discount, amortized over the life of the note. The note is past due as the date of this filing. For the year ended
 December 31 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 is approximately

Unsecured short term note payable dated
 August 18, 2020, maturing on , bearing annual simple interest at a rate of . The note is past due
 as the date of this filing. For theyear ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid
 interest at December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

Secured short term note payable dated September
 3, 2020, maturing on , bearing annual simple interest at a rate of . The note is past due as the date
 of this filing. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest
 at December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

A secured note payable of 
 dated August 15, 2022 , secured by net revenue from sale of any and all MV Technology products, bearomg interest at an annual
 rate of 
 simple interest and matures on August 15, 2023. Monthly payments of 
 a month on the last day of the third month and continue in months four and five. At the end of the sixth month monthly payments in
 the amount of 
 and continue until the end month twelve at which time all outstanding principal and interest shall be due. For the year ended
 December 31, 2022 the company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 was approximately . 
 
 - 

An unsecured note of 
 payable, dated July 20, 2022, interest at an annual rate of 
 payable on or before July 19, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Copmany recorded interest expense of . Unpaid
 interest at December 31, 2022 was approximately . 
 
 - 

Secured short term note payable dated November 17, 2022, interest at an annual rate of payable on or before February
17, 2023. Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 was approximately . 
 
 - 

Total Short-term notes 

Secured short term note payable dated August
 21, 2019 with principal and interest due days from issuance. The note requires a one-time fee in the amount of to compensate
 for the first two weeks of the term and each week thereafter (weeks 3-8) a fee of shall be due and owing accruing on the first
 day of the week, after which the fee is per week, which is recorded as interest expense. The note is from a family member of
 the CEO, and thus classified as a related party note. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded interest expense
 of . Unpaid interest as of December 31, 2021 is approximately . 

Total short-term
 notes - related party 

Convertible notes payable, interest at 
 per annum, unpaid principal and interest maturing years from note date between August 2018 and October 2019, convertible into common
 stock at the option of the lenders at a rate of per share; one convertible note for has a personal guarantee of an
 officer of the Company. The notes that matured in August 2018, were subsequently extended by one year to August 2019, all other terms
 remained the same. The note that matured November 2018 was subsequently extended to May 2019 and the interest rate increased to 
 per annum. No default notice has been received from the noteholders. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest
 expense of . Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

Total convertible notes 

Less: current
 portion 

Long term convertible
 notes, including debt discount 
 - 
 - 

LONG TERM NOTES 

Note payable dated July 13,
 2018, interest at per annum, payable July 13, 2021. No monthly payments are due for the first six months, commencing in month
 seven, principal and accrued interest will be amortized and payable over the remaining 30 months. Monthly payments of principal and
 accrued interest did not commence in 2019. The note is secured by all assets of SEM and personally guaranteed by an officer of the
 Company. A fee of shares of restricted common stock was issuable at the time of funding. During the year ended December 31,
 2018, the Company recorded shares of its common stock as issuable under the terms of this agreement. The shares were valued
 at recorded as debt discount. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid
 interest at December 31, 2022 was approximately . 

Note payable dated April 2020, interest
 at per annum, secured by a piece of heavy equipment, of which the borrowing was used to purchase. Forty-eight monthly payments
 of principal and accrued interest of , commence on April 17, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
 interest expense of . 

Note payable dated January 19, 2021, interest
 at an annual rate of simple interest and matures on . This note is included as part of a series of anticipated
 notes, all of which will be converted into common equity of Paragon Waste Services, LLC., in accordance with the note s provisions.
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 was approximately

Note payable dated February 2, 2021, interest
 at an annual rate of simple interest and matures on . This note is included as part of a series of anticipated
 notes, all of which will be converted into common equity of Paragon Waste Services, LLC., in accordance with the note s provisions.
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest at December 31, 2021 was
 approximately . 

Note payable dated May 25, 2021, interest
 at an annual rate of simple interest and matures on . This note is included as part of a series of anticipated
 notes, all of which will be converted into common equity of Paragon Waste Services, LLC., in accordance with the note s provisions.
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 was
 approximately . 

Note payable dated August 5, 2021, interest
 at an annual rate of simple interest and matures on . This note is included as part of a series of anticipated
 notes, all of which will be converted into common equity of Paragon Waste Services, LLC., in accordance with the note s provisions.
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest at December 31, 2022 was
 approximately . 

Note payable dated November 2, 2021, interest
 at an annual rate of simple interest and matures on . This note is included as part of a series of anticipated
 notes, all of which will be converted into common equity of Paragon Waste Services, LLC., in accordance with the note s provisions.
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest at December 31, 2021 was
 approximately . 

Note payable of dated February
 11, 2022, interest at an annual rate of simple interest and matures on . This note is included as part of a series
 of anticipated notes, all of which will be converted into common equity of Paragon Waste Services, LLC. (Note 1), in accordance with
 the note s provisions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest expense of . Unpaid interest
 at December 31, 2022 was approximately . 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total long-term notes 

Less: current portion 

Long term notes, long-term, including debt discount 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 
 - 

Debt
 maturities 

Accrued interest 

Total short-term notes
 and accrued interest - Related parties 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, rent expense, including prorated charges and net of sub-lease income, was 
 and ,
respectively. 

million for the year ended December 31, 2021.
For the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, all operations from REGS have been reported as discontinued operations. 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Payroll taxes payable 

Customer deposits 

Paycheck protection program liabilities 
 - 

Current portion of lease liabilities 
 - 

Accrued interest - related
 party 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Major
classes of line items constituting pretax income (loss) on discontinued operations: 

For the year ended 

December 31, 

2021 

Services revenue 

Services costs 

General and administrative expenses 

Salaries and related expenses 

Other income 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Total expenses 

Operating income 

Income tax benefit 
 - 

Total income from discontinued operations 

Liabilities - Other, net including intercompany
 assets 

IRS payroll tax liability 

Gain on abandonment 

2021
Common Stock Transactions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, no new equity transactions have occurred. 

Non-controlling
Interest 

non-controlling equity interest
in PWS, a non-controlling equity interest in PelleChar, and a non-controlling interest in Benefuels . Net losses attributable to non-controlling interest, as reported on our
condensed consolidated statements of operations, represents the net loss of each entity attributable to the non-controlling equity
interest. The non-controlling interest is reflected within stockholders equity on the condensed consolidated balance
sheet. 

Warrants 

In
2022 and 2021, warrants were issued. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 

- 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

Vested
 and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Stock
compensation expense for stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. The Company accounts
for stock options as equity awards. 

- 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cancelled/expired 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

- 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cancelled/expired 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

- 

Vested and exercisable
 as ofDecember 31, 2022 

- 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we recorded stock-based compensation awarded to employees of 0
 and ,
respectively, which is included in selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 

As
of December 31, 2021, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. 

Employee
Benefit Plan 

The
Company has a defined contribution 401(k) plan that covers substantially all employees. Additionally, at the discretion of management,
the Company may make contributions to eligible participants, as defined. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we made
no contributions in each year. 

potentially dilutive stock options were included
in the diluted earnings per share calculation. 

Options 

Convertible notes payable,
 including accrued interest 

Potentially dilutive
 securities 

- 

Depreciation and amortization
 (1) 

Impairment loss - goodwill 
 
 - 
 - 

Impairment loss - other intangible assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Interest expense 

Net income (loss) 

Capital expenditures (cash
 and noncash) 
 
 - 
 - 

Total assets 

2021 
 Environmental 
 Solid 

Solutions 
 Waste 
 Corporate 
 Total 

Revenue 

- 

Depreciation and amortization
 (1) 

Interest expense 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Capital expenditures (cash
 and noncash) 
 
 - 
 - 

Total assets 

(1) 

million. These carryforwards will expire between the years through . 

Intangible and fixed assets 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation and amortization 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

for December 31, 2022 and 2021,
as follows: 

 SCHEDULE
OF COMPONENTS OF INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT) 

2022 
 2021 

Income tax benefit 

Non-deducible items 

State and other benefits included in valuation 

Provision to return adjustments 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Exclusion of income (losses) of pass-through
 entity 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation
 allowance 

Income tax benefit 
 - 
 - 

million, which is reflected within the statement
of operations as a reduction to salaries and related expenses. The remaining balance of the ERTC receivable as of December 31, 2022 was
 . 

by issuing a secured promissory note, bearing interest at a rate of per annum, and maturing in . 

F- 29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
J. John Combs III, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Strategic Environmental Energy Resources, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
April 13, 2023 

/s/
 J. John Combs III 

J.
 John Combs III 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Clark Knopik, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Strategic Environmental Energy Resources, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
April 13, 2023 

/s/
 Ian Smith 

Ian
 Smith 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Strategic Environmental Energy Resources, Inc. (the Company for
the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, J. John Combs III, Chief Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company. 

/s/
 J. John Combs III 

J.
 John Combs III 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

April 13, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Strategic Environmental Energy Resources, Inc. (the Company for
the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Clark Knopik, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(3) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(4) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Ian Smith 

Ian
 Smith 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

April 13, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 senr-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 senr-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 senr-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 senr-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

