<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_895464_0001640334-23-000632.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5230464</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283665</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1019897</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1305846</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1037008</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1449860</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-000632.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414081617
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-000632
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yubo International Biotech Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895464
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				113074326
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21320
		FILM NUMBER:		23819814

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 105, BUILDING 5, 31 XISHIKU AVENUE
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (010) 6615-5141

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 105, BUILDING 5, 31 XISHIKU AVENUE
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MAGNA LAB INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940722

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-000632.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 yubo_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

yubo_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________________ to _____________________ Commission File Number (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer I.D. Number) , , , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: +86 ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered None None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock on the OTC Markets on June 30, 2022, was approximately . As of April 13, 2023, shares of Class A common stock, 0.001 par value, and 4,447 shares of Class B common stock, 0.001 par value, of the Registrant were outstanding. Table of Contents Page STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ii PART I 1 Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 32 Item 2. Properties 32 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 32 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 32 PART II 33 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 33 Item 6. [Reserved] 35 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 35 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 39 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 40 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreement with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 41 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 41 Item 9B. Other Information 42 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 42 PART III 43 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 43 Item 11. Executive Compensation 45 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 46 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 48 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 49 PART IV 50 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 50 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 50 i Table of Contents STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report that are not descriptions of historical facts are forward-looking statements that are based on management s current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect, our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price could be materially negatively affected. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, believes, can, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, should, will, would or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated include those set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors including, without limitation, risks relating to: the results of Yubo Beijing s (as defined herein) research and development activities relating, in particular, to stem cell related technologies; the early stage of Yubo Beijing s product candidates presently under development; the need for substantial additional funds in order to continue our operations, and the uncertainty of whether we will be able to obtain the funding we need; Yubo Beijing s ability to obtain and, if obtained, maintain regulatory approval of its current product candidates, and any of its other future product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of any approved product candidate; Yubo Beijing s ability to retain or hire key scientific or management personnel; Yubo Beijing s ability to protect its intellectual property rights that are valuable to its business, including patent and other intellectual property rights; Yubo Beijing s dependence on third-party manufacturers, suppliers, research organizations, testing laboratories and other potential collaborators; Yubo Beijing s ability to develop successful sales and marketing capabilities in the future as needed; the size and growth of the potential markets for any of Yubo Beijing s approved product candidates, and the rate and degree of market acceptance of any of its approved product candidates; competition in the industry; and regulatory developments in China. We operate in a rapidly-changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. As a result, it is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report speak only as of the date hereof, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. ii Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. In this Annual Report, unless otherwise specified, the terms we, our, us, the Company, or the Registrant refer to Yubo International Biotech Limited, a U.S. holding company and New York corporation, formerly known as Magna-Lab, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiaries, including without limitation, Platinum International Biotech Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands Platinum ), Platinum International Biotech (Hong Kong) Limited, a company organized under the laws of Hong Kong Platinum HK ), and Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited, a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China Yubo Chengdu or the WFOE ). The term Yubo Beijing refers to Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited, a variable interest entity organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China, and, through contractual arrangements with , the Chinese operating company. Corporate Overview We are a U.S. holding company primarily operating through our wholly owned subsidiary, Platinum. Platinum is not a Chinese operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company which in turn operates in China through its subsidiaries and contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing, the Chinese operating company. None of our Company, Platinum, or Platinum HK, each as a holding company, conducts any day-to-day business operations in China. Yubo Beijing conducts the day-to-day business operations of our Company in China through contractual relationships with us. Yubo Beijing is a technology company focused on the research and development and application of endometrial stem cells. Yubo Beijing is committed to building the first public endometrial stem cell repository in the world. Yubo Beijing offers its products and services under the brand VIVCELL. Yubo Beijing s product offerings include healthcare products for respiratory system, skincare products, hair care products, healthy beverages and male and female personal care products. Yubo Beijing also offers stem cell related services including cell testing and health management consulting services. Name Change Effective December 4, 2020, we changed our corporate name from Magna-Lab, Inc. to Yubo International Biotech Limited under the stock symbol YBGJ . Reverse Merger On January 14, 2021 (the Closing Date ), we entered into a voluntary share exchange transaction with Platinum, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange, dated January 14, 2021 (the Exchange Agreement ), by and among us, Platinum, Yubo Beijing, and certain selling stockholders named therein. In accordance with the terms of the Exchange Agreement, on the Closing Date, we issued a total of 117,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock to the then stockholders of Platinum (the Selling Stockholders ), in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Platinum (the Exchange Transaction ). As a result of the Exchange Transaction, the Selling Stockholders acquired more than 99 of our issued and outstanding capital stock, Platinum became our wholly owned subsidiary, and we acquired the business and operations of Platinum and Yubo Beijing. Prior to the Exchange Transaction, we were a public reporting shell company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). From and after the Closing Date, our primary operations will consist of the business and operations of Platinum and Yubo Beijing. Yubo Beijing was founded on June 14, 2016 under the laws of the PRC, and has its headquarters located at room 105, building 5, 31 Xishiku Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, PRC 100034. 1 Table of Contents Platinum was established on April 22, 2020 under the laws of Cayman Islands as a limited liability company. Platinum acquired all of the outstanding stock of Platinum HK on May 4, 2020. Subsequently, the sole stockholder of Platinum sold 100 of the outstanding shares capital of Platinum to the Platinum Stockholders. Platinum is not a Chinese operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company. Platinum HK was established on May 4, 2020 under the laws of Hong Kong as a limited liability company. Platinum HK acquired all of the outstanding stock of Yubo Chengdu on September 11, 2020. Yubo Chengdu was established on September 4, 2020, under the laws of the PRC. Yubo Chengdu is a wholly owned subsidiary of Platinum HK, and therefore, Yubo Chengdu is a wholly foreign owned enterprise. On December 31, 2020, Platinum HK formed a new wholly-owned subsidiary, Yubo Global Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. Yubo Global ). On January 21, 2021, Yubo formed a new wholly-owned subsidiary, Yubo Jingzhi Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. Yubo Jingzhi ). Immediately prior to the Exchange Transaction, we had 117,875,323 shares of Class A common stock and 4,447 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Immediately after the Exchange Transaction and the surrender and cancellation of 116,697,438 shares of Class A common stock previously held by Lina Liu, we had 118,177,885 shares of Class A common stock and 4,447 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. The VIE and China Operations As a result of the Exchange Transaction, we became a U.S. holding company primarily operating through our wholly owned subsidiary, Platinum. Platinum is not a Chinese operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company, which in turn operates in China through (i) its Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries, including Yubo Jingzhi, Yubo Global, and the WFOE, in which we hold equity ownership interests, and (ii) Yubo Beijing, a Chinese operating company that conducts the day-to-day business operations in China as descried in this Annual Report. We do not own any equity interest in Yubo Beijing or Yubo Jingzhi. We manage Yubo Beijing through the WFOE. On September 11, 2020, the WFOE entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing and its shareholders, allowing us to exercise effective control over Yubo Beijing. These agreements include: Exclusive Consulting Services Agreement . Pursuant to the Exclusive Consulting Services Agreement, the WFOE agreed to provide, and Yubo Beijing agreed to accept, exclusive management services provided by the WFOE. The Exclusive Consulting Services Agreement was amended in March 2022 for the sole purpose of clarifying the fee structure under such agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, Yubo Beijing agreed to compensate the WFOE, Yubo Chengdu, for its services on an annual basis. Under the amendment, the WFOE is entitled to receive 90 of the after-tax profit from Yubo Beijing annually following the closing of Yubo Beijing s annual accounts. In light of such arrangement, the WFOE is considered a primary beneficiary of benefits that are otherwise potentially significant to Yubo Beijing. The amendment did not change the contractual relationships that we have with Yubo Beijing. Since Yubo Beijing has not generated any after-tax profit to date, Yubo Beijing has not paid any fee to the WFOE to date. Exclusive Option Agreement . Pursuant the Exclusive Option Agreement, the Yubo Beijing Shareholders granted the WFOE an irrevocable and exclusive purchase option to acquire Yubo Beijing s equity and/or assets at a nominal consideration. The WFOE may exercise the purchase option at any time. Equity Pledge Agreement . Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement, the Yubo Beijing Shareholders pledged all of their equity interests in Yubo Beijing, including the proceeds thereof, to guarantee all of the WFOE s rights and benefits under the Exclusive Consulting Services Agreement and the Exclusive Option Agreement. 2 Table of Contents We do not have any equity ownership interest in, direct foreign investment in, or control through such contractual agreements of Yubo Beijing. As a result of our contractual relationships with Yubo Beijing, we consolidate Yubo Beijing s financial results in our consolidated financial statements and are the primary beneficiary of Yubo Beijing for accounting purposes only. Our corporate structure involving the VIE provides investors with contractual exposure to foreign investment in China-based companies where PRC laws prohibit direct foreign investment in Chinese operating companies in certain industries, such as Yubo Beijing. This structure involves unique risks to investors. For example, management through these contractual arrangements may be less effective than direct ownership, and we could face heightened risks and costs in enforcing these contractual arrangements, because there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations, and rules relating to these contractual arrangements. Our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing have not been tested in a court of law. If the PRC government finds such agreements non-compliant with relevant PRC laws, regulations, and rules, or if these laws, regulations, and rules or the interpretation thereof change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in Yubo Beijing or forfeit our rights under the contractual arrangements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure. The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including Yubo Beijing, as of the date of this Annual Report: Business Strategy Yubo Beijing plans to build a first-class stem cell storage facility, which we believe, will be the first global bank of endometrial stem cells. Yubo Beijing also intends to develop and expand its current product line, to include a series of endometrial stem cells light application technology and medical-grade cell therapeutic products for health management, innovative medicine, anti-aging treatments, clinical transformation and other application fields. We believe Yubo Beijing s existing technology and leadership position in stem cell processing will drive significant future growth for the company. Stem Cell Storage Facility The endometrial stem cell bank is divided into a public resources library and private repositories. The public resources library will meet strict testing standards. Yubo Beijing will enter into standard donation agreements with the donor customers who meet the public resources library standards, and store the collection of stem cell samples in the public resources library. Such public resources library biological samples can be widely used in research and development and subsequent commercial development. See Services and Products Endometrial Stem Cell Bank below for a detailed discussion regarding the regulatory approvals, operational steps and construction timeline in connection with the stem cell bank. 3 Table of Contents Business Model Yubo Beijing s business model leverages its ability to integrate the upstream, middle stream and downstream of its stem cell based product cycle. With respect to the upstream of the industrial chain, Yubo Beijing intends to build a public resource library of endometrial stem cells to meet the demand for high-quality cells from stem cell application and treatment centers in China. See Business Strategy Stem Cell Storage Facility above and Service and Products Endometrial Stem Cell Bank below. With respect to the middle and downstream of the industrial chain, Yubo Beijing intends to open and operate biological experience center stores where it integrates the functions of display, trial and sale of its light application products under the brand VIVCELL , and at the same time, can train and develop its sales personnel. By continuing to build and develop the VIVCELL brand, it plans to expand the biological experience center stores into a nationwide franchise. We believe Yubo Beijing s integrated approach provides it with a competitive advantage. Service and Products Endometrial Stem Cell Bank Effective March 1, 2021, we, through Yubo Global, entered into a lease agreement with Chengdu Liangkang Investment Co. to rent approximately 6,960 square meters of laboratory space in Chengdu, China for the use of the endometrial stem cell bank and subsequent research and development laboratory. See Item 2. Properties. In addition, Yubo Beijing has entered into an Entrustment Technical Service Agreement with Beijing Zhenhuikang Biotechnology Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the PRC, entrusting it to prepare, store and manage endometrial stem cell samples for the operations of the stem cell bank in exchange for services fees paid by Yubo Beijing. Beijing Zhenhuikang Biotechnology Co., Ltd is an affiliate of a shareholder of Yubo Beijing. Pursuant to the entrustment agreement, Yubo Beijing is responsible for supplying the endometrial stem cell samples and Yubo Beijing may terminate the agreement at any time. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Related Party Transactions. Subsequent to the entry into the lease and the Entrustment Technical Service Agreement, Yubo Beijing has completed the design for the stem cell bank and obtained a business license for the stem cell bank from the Market Supervision Administration of Chengdu Municipality. The establishment of the stem cell bank has been submitted for filing with the Chengdu Municipal Development and Reform Commission, the Science and Technology Bureau and the Health Commission. The blue print design of the stem cell bank has been approved by Health Commission and Fire and Rescue department. Yubo Beijing intends to recruit young, healthy adult females as the donors of endometrial stem cells. Yubo Beijing plans to target these donors via several channels, including from its existing clients for cell testing and health management consulting services, from colleges and universities where it promotes the knowledge and awareness of the application of endometrial stem cells, and from its existing customers of light application products. Yubo Beijing has launched an educational program about the benefits and applications of endometrial stem cells among the existing customers of light application products, although it has not attempted to recruit any donors to date. We expect that Yubo Beijing will complete the first stage of building the stem cell bank, which mainly consists of tenant improvement and equipment procurement, by June 2024. Yubo Beijing may begin recruiting qualified donors after the completion of the first stage when the stem cell bank becomes operational. The stem cell bank is expected to be fully operational at its designed capacity by 2026. 4 Table of Contents Light Application Products Yubo Beijing s current commercialized light application products include the following: Respiratory atomization products (nebulizers): include lung regulating essence, which is applied through an atomizer and formulated on the basis of multiple growth factors rich in the polypeptide of cell technology such as FGF, EGF, VEGF, etc. to repair and cure the lungs. These products can enhance the regeneration of lung stem cells, inhibit apoptosis of normal lung cells, improve immunity, relieve dry and astringent foreign body sensation, and relieve chest tightness, chest pain, wheezing, breathing difficulties and other symptoms. Yubo Beijing launched the respiratory atomization products in April 2020. The respiratory atomization products are sold in Guangdong, Shandong, Hebei, Henan, Chongqing and Sichuan provinces. The customer base for these products mainly includes middle class and above population with respiratory system diseases or weaknesses, or low immunity. Cell basidiomycetes compound drink/beverage: This product is registered as beverage. Based on cellular immunology, combined with traditional Chinese medicine theories and natural plant extracts such as basidiomycetes, red ginseng and polygonatum, it has the benefits of rapid activation of immune cells, regulation of immune system, anti-tumor, anti-virus, hypoglycemic and anti-oxidation. Yubo Beijing launched the cell basidiomycetes compound drink in February 2021. Yubo Beijing is currently promoting this product to cover more regional markets. The customer base for this drink mainly includes middle class and above population who are recovering from major epidemic diseases or with low immunity. Facial care series: this line of products include renewal essence mask powder, which is formulated with optimal active substances derived from stem cells, can significantly improve skin s self-repair ability, and has the benefits of anti-wrinkle, tightening, water locking and brightening, and skin delicate essence, which is applied through a beauty instrument to promote the absorption and formulated based on multiple growth factors rich in the polypeptide of cell technology such as FGF and EGF to repair skin barrier, improve skin gloss and restore skin elasticity. The customer base for these products mainly includes high-income population with dry skin, lack of skin elasticity or damaged skin barrier. Eye care series: include eye moist essence, which is applied through eye warm import instrument to enhance absorption and formulated based on multiple growth factors rich in the polypeptide of cell technology such as FGF, EGF, VEGF, etc., to deeply cleanse and wash out impurities, 360 degrees nourish eyes, relieve dry and scorching sensation, and strengthen self-repair of corneal cells. The customer base for these products mainly includes people who overuse their eyes, suffer from dry eyes from long-term use of electronic products, cover from eye-operations or surgeries. Hair care series: include tough curing and solid hair follicles essence, which is applied through a micro type electric nanometer crystal injector and formulated based on multiple growth factors rich in the polypeptide of cell technology such as FGF, EGF, VEGF, etc. to strengthen hair follicle, prevent hair loss from the roots, nourish the scalp, repair damaged scalp, and enhance scalp barrier. The customer base for these products mainly includes high-income population suffering from hair thinning, damaged scalp follicles, severe hair loss. Male and female private protection series: include bacteriostatic spray and intimate wash for men and women to balance pH levels in the groin and genital areas for prevention of infections, eliminate odor, and inhibit bacteria; and nourishing vagina essence, which is applied through a restorer of pelvic floor muscle and formulated based on multiple growth factors rich in the polypeptide of cell technology such as FGF, EGF, VEGF, etc. to repair and cure vagina mucosa and pelvic floor muscle, strengthen the restoration of vagina mucosa, mucous secretion, reinforce the pelvic floor muscle, and improve the sexual experience. The customer base for these products mainly includes middle and high-income population who suffer from itching and bacterial infection in their private areas, adult females who need pelvic floor repair after giving birth. 5 Table of Contents All of the light application products target and are offered in the PRC market. Research and Development Yubo Beijing is principally focused on the development of new products that support the stem cell therapy market. Yubo Beijing s future research and development activities will be devoted to the development and launch of additional new products, line extensions, or significant upgrades to existing products and its current stem cell storage facility. Research and Development expense reflects the cost of these activities, as well as the costs to obtain regulatory approvals of new products and processes and to maintain the highest quality standards with respect to existing products. Yubo Beijing has entered into a Joint Research and Development Agreement with Beijing Zhenxigu Medical Research Center (L.P.) Beijing Zhengxigu ), which is controlled by a shareholder of Yubo Beijing, on February 17, 2020. Pursuant to this agreement, Yubo Beijing agreed to pay Beijing Zhenxigu RMB241,880 in connection with the research and development relating to the medical fluid used in the nebulizers Yubo Beijing sells to customers. Under this agreement, Beijing Zhenxigu authorized Yubo Beijing to be the nationwide exclusive distributor of such medical fluid for Platinum-branded nebulizers. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Related Party Transactions. Intellectual Property Intellectual property is of vital importance in the field and in biotechnology generally. We seek to protect and enhance proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to the development of the business by seeking, maintaining, and defending patent rights, whether developed internally, acquired or licensed from third parties. We will also seek to rely on regulatory protection afforded through orphan drug designations, inclusion in expedited development and review, data exclusivity, market exclusivity and patent term extensions where available. Yubo Beijing currently owns one invention patent in the PRC for endometrial collection which will be used in connection with the operations of the stem cell bank in the future. The details of Yubo Beijing s owned patent are listed below: Menstrual blood collection kit patent (No. CN106264688B) for collection of endometrial stem cells, which is an invention patent and will expire on October 21, 2039. Manufacturing Yubo Beijing relies on third parties to manufacture its light application products and certain of the medical devices used in the collection and testing of stem cells. Yubo Beijing has entered into a Cooperation Agreement with Beijing Zhenxigu Medical Research Center (L.P.), and Huailai Huayue Hengsheng Medical Device Co., Ltd., pursuant to which Huailai Huayue Hengsheng Medical Device Co., Ltd. has agreed to conduct sample trial production of Yubo Beijing s liquid dressing products. Licenses and Approvals The following table sets forth the licenses and approvals that Yubo Beijing is required to obtain for the operations in China as of the date of hereof: Licenses and Approvals PRC Regulatory Authority Food Operation License Permit Xicheng District Market Supervision and Administration Office of Beijing Municipality Medical License Distribution Enterprise Filing Certificate Xicheng District Market Supervision and Administration Office of Beijing Municipality 6 Table of Contents Yubo Beijing has obtained such licenses and approvals, and, to date, no application for any such licenses and approvals has been denied. Competition Yubo Beijing s products will compete with novel therapies developed by biomedical companies, academic research institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions, in addition to standard of care treatments. According to a market research conducted by Shenzhen Forward Industry Research Institute in 2021, there were approximately 77,990 companies engaged in stem cell collection and storage, research and development, and application in China The application of stem cell products mainly include treatment of disease, organ transplantation, and aesthetic medicine. Due to Yubo Beijing s unique core technology, we believe there is no company in China whose main business is endometrial stem cell storage. At present, we believe no companies mainly engage in cell light application products and have product lines similar to Yubo Beijing s products. Some of Yubo Beijing s key competitors are: Global Cord Blood (NYSE: CO) currently focuses on private storage of neonatal cord blood and is the largest company engaged in such business in China, with annual revenue of more than RMB1.2 billion in 2021, according to its annual report for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. VCANBIO CELL GENE (SHA: 600645): its main products include cell preparation and storage, genetic testing, etc. Its revenue in 2021 was approximately RMB1.5 billion according to their annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Employees Yubo Beijing employs 20 employees at its headquarters, located at Room 105, Building 5, 31 Xishiku Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, PRC as of the date of this Annual Report. Yubo Beijing s employees include three executive officers, two financial department personnel, two administrative management personnel, six R D and product personnel, six planning and marketing personnel, and one person in IT management. COVID-19 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the Covid-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic. In addition to the devastating effects on human life, the pandemic is having a negative ripple effect on the global economy, leading to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. Most U.S. states and many countries have issued policies intended to stop or slow the further spread of the disease. Covid-19 and the U.S s and China s responses to the pandemic have significantly affected the economy. There are no comparable events that provide guidance as to the ultimate effect the Covid-19 pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate effect of the pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of the effects on the economy, the markets we serve, our business, or our operations. 7 Table of Contents Corporate Information Our principal executive offices are located at room 105, building 5, 31 Xishiku Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, PRC 100034. Our telephone number is +86 (040) 0677-6010. Our website address is http://www.yubogroup.com/. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Annual Report. You should not consider any information on our website to be part of this Annual Report or in decides whether to purchase our securities. We have included our website address in this Annual Report solely for informational purposes. Item 1A. Risk Factors. The following section lists the key current risk factors as of the date of this filing that may have a direct and material impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to our Corporate Structure There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, regulations, and rules relating to the agreements that establish the VIE structure for our operations in China, including potential future actions by the PRC government, which could affect the enforceability of our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing and, consequently, significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. If the PRC government finds that the contractual arrangements that establish the structure for operating our business in China do not comply with PRC laws and regulations, or if these regulations or their interpretations change in the future, we could be subjected to severe consequences, including the nullification of such agreements and the relinquishment of our interest in the VIE. Current PRC laws and regulations impose certain restrictions or prohibitions on foreign ownership of companies that engage in medical institutions which our stem cell bank relates to, and in the development and application of technologies for diagnosis and treatment of human stem cells and genes, which our stem cell bank and endometrial stem cell bank business relates to. Pursuant to the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) issued by the NDRC and MOFCOM on December 27, 2021, which came into force on January 1, 2022, foreign investment are allowed in PRC medical institutions only through joint venture entities, and the foreign shareholding in these entities is limited to 70.0 , which percentage was stipulated in the Interim Administrative Measures on Sino-Foreign Equity Medical Institutions and Sino-Foreign Cooperative Medical Institutions, or the JV Interim Measures. Additionally, certain industries are specifically prohibited for foreign investment, including the development and application of technologies for diagnosis and treatment of human stem cells and genes. Considering the foreign investment restrictions that may be applicable to our business, we conduct our stem cell bank and endometrial stem cell bank business in China through the VIE. The VIE structure through contractual arrangements has been adopted by many PRC-based companies, including us, such that if our businesses are determined to be subject to the foreign investment restrictions, we can obtain necessary license, for example, the Practice License of Medical Institutions, in the industry currently subject to foreign investment restrictions in China. On March 15, 2019, the Foreign Investment Law was formally passed by the thirteenth National People s Congress and it became effective on January 1, 2020. The Foreign Investment Law replaced the Law on Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Ventures, the Law on Sino-Foreign Cooperative Joint Ventures and the Law on Foreign-Capital Enterprises and became the legal foundation for foreign investment in the PRC. The Foreign Investment Law stipulates certain forms of foreign investment and defines enterprises incorporated within PRC with complete or partial foreign investment as foreign-invested enterprises or FIEs. However, the Foreign Investment Law does not explicitly stipulate contractual arrangements such as those we rely on as a form of foreign investment. The 2019 PRC Foreign Investment Law further specifies that foreign investments shall be conducted in line with the negative list to be issued by or approved to be issued by the State Council. This means that an FIE would not be allowed to make investments in prohibited industries in the negative list, while the FIE must satisfy certain conditions stipulated in the negative list for investment in restricted industries. As pursuant to the negative list issued by the NDRC and MOFCOM taking effect on January 1, 2022, medical services is a restricted industry and foreign investment are allowed in PRC medical institutions only through joint venture entities, i.e., an FIE in which foreign ownership is limited to 70.0 . Additionally, certain industries are specifically prohibited for foreign investment, including the development and application of technologies for diagnosis and treatment of human stem cells and genes, which means, pursuant to the Foreign Investment Law, FIEs are prohibited from practicing such businesses in China. 8 Table of Contents Considering the above, Yubo International Biotech Limited, Platinum and Platinum HK are considered as foreign investors under the 2019 PRC Foreign Investment Law, Yubo WOFE is deemed as an FIE. Accordingly, none of such entities are eligible to provide such restricted services related to our businesses, such as medical services. As a result, we will conduct such business activities through the VIE and Chinese operating company, Yubo Beijing. Since Yubo Beijing is not an FIE, Yubo Beijing will be able to apply and hold license as medical institution as other PRC companies and provide medical services which are otherwise restricted to FIEs. Notwithstanding the above, the Foreign Investment Law stipulates that foreign investment includes foreign investors investing through any other methods under laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council. Future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council may possibly regard contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment. If this happens, it is uncertain whether our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing, its subsidiaries and shareholders would be recognized as foreign investment, or whether our contractual arrangements would be deemed to be in violation of the foreign investment access requirements. Therefore, there is no guarantee that our contractual arrangements, or Yubo Beijing s business will not be adversely affected. To comply with PRC laws and regulations, we conduct our stem cell bank and endometrial stem cell bank business in China through the VIE, Yubo Beijing. We, through the WFOE, our wholly owned subsidiary in China, entered into a series of contractual arrangements with the VIE and its ultimate shareholders, in order to (i) exercise effective management over the VIE, (ii) receive substantially all of the economic benefits of the VIE, and (iii) have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the VIE when and to the extent permitted by PRC law. As a result of these contractual arrangements, we are deemed, for accounting purpose only, the primary beneficiary of the VIE and hence consolidate its financial results under GAAP. Although the structure we have adopted is consistent with long-standing practice in certain industries, is also adopted by some of our peers in China, and our contractual agreements with Yubo Beijing have not been tested in a court of law, the PRC government may not agree that these arrangements comply with PRC license, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies, or with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future. The VIE hold the licenses, approvals and key assets that are essential for the operations and we, as a U.S. holding company, do not have any direct business operations in China, nor do we have any title to or ownership interest in such licenses, approvals and key assets. We believe: (i) the ownership structures of the VIE in China currently do not result in any violation of the applicable PRC laws or regulations currently in effect, and (ii) subject to the risks as disclosed in the section headed Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure , the contractual arrangements between the WFOE, the VIE and its respective equity holders governed by PRC laws are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms and applicable PRC laws and regulations currently in effect and do not violate any applicable PRC laws, rule or regulation currently in effect. There are, however, substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current or future PRC laws and regulations. The relevant PRC regulatory authorities have broad discretion in determining whether a particular contractual structure violates PRC laws and regulations. Thus, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will ultimately take a view that the VIE structure does not violate PRC laws or regulations. If we are found in violation of any PRC laws or regulations or if the contractual arrangements among the WFOE, the VIE and its respective equity holders are determined as illegal or invalid by any PRC court, arbitral tribunal or regulatory authorities, the relevant governmental authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such violation, including, without limitation: revoking the agreements constituting the contractual arrangements; revoking our business and operating licenses; requiring us to discontinue or restrict operations; restricting our right to collect revenue; 9 Table of Contents shutting down all or part of our websites or services; levying fines on us and/or confiscating the proceeds that they deem to have been obtained through non-compliant operations; requiring us to restructure the operations in such a way as to compel us to establish a new enterprise, re-apply for the necessary licenses or relocate our businesses, staff and assets; imposing additional conditions or requirements with which we may not be able to comply; restricting or prohibiting our use of proceeds from public offering or other financing activities to finance our business and operations in China; or taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could be harmful to our business. Furthermore, any of the assets under the name of any record holder of equity interest in the VIE, including such equity interest, may be put under court custody in connection with litigation, arbitration or other judicial or dispute resolution proceedings against that record holder. We cannot be certain that the equity interest will be disposed of in accordance with the contractual arrangements. In addition, new PRC laws, rules and regulations may be introduced to impose additional requirements that may impose additional challenges to our corporate structure and contractual arrangements. The occurrence of any of these events or the imposition of any of these penalties may result in a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our precision oncology service business. In addition, if the imposition of any of these penalties causes us to be unable to direct the activities of such VIE and its subsidiaries or the right to receive their economic benefits, we would no longer be able to consolidate such VIE into our financial statements, thus adversely affecting our results of operation. In addition, it is unclear what impact the PRC government actions would have on us and on our ability to consolidate the financial results of Yubo Beijing in our consolidated financial statements, if the PRC governmental authorities find our legal structure and contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing to be in violation of PRC laws, rules and regulations. If any of these penalties results in our inability to direct the activities of Yubo Beijing that most significantly impact its economic performance and/or our failure to receive the economic benefits from Yubo Beijing or its subsidiaries, we may not be able to consolidate Yubo Beijing and/or its subsidiaries into our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. If we are unable to claim our right to control the assets of Yubo Beijing, our Class A common share may decline in value or become worthless. We currently conduct our business primarily through contractually arrangements with the PRC operating entity, and our management of the day-to-day business operations of such PRC entity pursuant to contracts, to comply with Chinese law, may not be as effective as conducting business through direct equity ownership of such PRC entity due to uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We currently conduct a substantial portion of our business primarily through our contractually arrangements with the PRC operating entity, Yubo Beijing. PRC laws and regulations govern Yubo Beijing s operations in the PRC. The PRC operating entity is generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in the PRC and, in particular, laws applicable to wholly foreign-owned enterprises (the WFOEs ). Although members of our executive management team and our shareholders include the executive officers and owners of the PRC operating entity, because we do not directly own such PRC operating entity, we may encounter problems enforcing our rights to manage the business affairs and day-to-day business operations of such entity. If we find it necessary to take legal action in the PRC to enforce our rights under our contracts with the PRC operating entity, we will be subject to the uncertainties of the PRC legal system, where prior court decisions have limited precedential value. Since 1979, PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in PRC. 10 Table of Contents However, the PRC has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in the PRC. In particular, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published decisions and their non-binding nature, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation, if any, of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. In addition, any litigation in the PRC, regardless of outcome, may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In the event we are unable to enforce our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing or we experience significant delays or other obstacles in the process of enforcing these contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert effective management over our affiliated entities or Yubo Beijing. Our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing may not be as effective in ensuring our management over the relevant portion of Yubo Beijing s business operations as direct ownership would be, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Our contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing and its shareholders may not be as effective in providing management over these entities as direct ownership. We have no equity ownership interest in Yubo Beijing as we rely on the contractual arrangements of the VIE agreements to operate Yubo Beijing. These contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing management over Yubo Beijing as direct ownership. For example, Yubo Beijing could fail to take actions required for the business or fail to pay amounts owed under the contracts to the WFOE despite its contractual obligation to do so. If Yubo Beijing fails to perform its obligation under the VIE agreements, we may have to rely on legal remedies under PRC law, which may not be effective. Transactions among our affiliates are subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and a finding that we or any of our consolidated entities owe additional taxes could have a material adverse impact on our net income. Under PRC law, arrangements and transactions among related parties may be subject to audit or challenge by the PRC tax authorities. If any of the transactions we have entered into among our consolidated entities are challenged by the PRC tax authorities to be not on an arm s-length basis, or to result in an unreasonable reduction in our PRC tax obligations, the PRC tax authorities have the authority to disallow our tax deduction claims, adjust the profits and losses of our respective PRC consolidated entities and assess late payment fees and other penalties. Our net income may be materially reduced if our tax liabilities increase or if we are otherwise assessed late payment fees or other penalties. Risks Related to Doing Business in China The PRC government has significant authority to exert influence on the China operations of an offshore holding company, such as us. Therefore, Yubo Beijing s business face potential uncertainty from the PRC government s policy. Changes in China s economic, political or social conditions, or government policies could materially and adversely affect our or Yubo Beijing s business, financial condition, and results of operations. All of Yubo Beijing s operations are located in China. The PRC government has significant authority to exert influence on the China operations of an offshore holding company, such as us. The economic, political and social conditions in the PRC differ from those in more developed countries in many respects, including structure, government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange, capital reinvestment, allocation of resources, rate of inflation and trade balance position. Before the adoption of its reform and opening up policies in 1978, the PRC was primarily a planned economy. In recent years, the PRC government has been reforming the PRC economic system and government structure. For example, the PRC government has implemented economic reform and measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces in the development of the PRC economy in the past three decades. These reforms have resulted in significant economic growth and social prospects. Economic reform measures, however, may be adjusted, modified or applied inconsistently from industry to industry or across different regions of the country. 11 Table of Contents We cannot predict whether the resulting changes will have any adverse effect on our or Yubo Beijing s current or future business, financial condition or results of operations. Despite these economic reforms and measures, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industrial development, allocation of natural and other resources, production, pricing and management of currency, and there can be no assurance that the PRC government will continue to pursue a policy of economic reform or that the direction of reform will continue to be market friendly. Our ability to successfully expand our business operations in the PRC depends on a number of factors, including macro-economic and other market conditions. Demand for Yubo Beijing s services and its business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by the following factors: political instability or changes in social conditions of the PRC; changes in laws, regulations, and administrative directives or the interpretation thereof; measures which may be introduced to control inflation or deflation; and changes in the rate or method of taxation. These factors are affected by a number of variables which are beyond our control. Yubo Beijing s business might be subject to various evolving PRC laws and regulations regarding cybersecurity, data privacy and data security. Failure of cybersecurity, data privacy and data security compliance could subject Yubo Beijing to penalties, damage its reputation and brand and harm its business and results of operations. Regulatory requirements on cybersecurity, data security and data privacy in China are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations or significant changes, resulting in uncertainties about the scope of Yubo Beijing s responsibilities in that regard. On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect from September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law provides for a security review procedure for the data activities that may affect national security. Furthermore, Measures for Cybersecurity Review, which became effective on June 1, 2020, set forth the cybersecurity review mechanism for critical information infrastructure operators CIIOs ), and provided that CIIOs who intend to purchase internet products and services that affect or may affect national security shall be subject to a cybersecurity review. On December 28, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China CAC published the revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review CRM ), which further restates and expands the applicable scope of the cybersecurity review. The revised CRM took effect on February 15, 2022. Pursuant to the revised CRM, if a network platform operator holding personal information of over one million users seeks for foreign listing, it must apply for the cybersecurity review, and operators of critical information infrastructure purchasing network products and services are also obligated to apply for the cybersecurity review for such purchasing activities. Although the CRM provides no further explanation on the extent of network platform operator and foreign listing, we do not believe we are obligated to apply for a cybersecurity review pursuant to the revised CRM, considering that (i) we are not in possession of or otherwise holding personal information of over one million users and it is also very unlikely that we will reach such threshold in the near future; and (ii) as of the date of this Annual Report, we have not received any notice or determination from applicable PRC governmental authorities identifying it as a CIIO or requiring us to go through cybersecurity review or similar government reviews. That being said, considering that the revised CRM empowers the cybersecurity review office to initiate cybersecurity review when they believe any particular data processing activities affect or may affect national security , and that the revised CRM is new, it is uncertain whether the competent government authorities will deem that Yubo Beijing s data processing activities may affect national security and thus initiating the cybersecurity review against Yubo Beijing s businesses, and whether the competent government authorities, including the CAC, will adopt new laws, regulations or rules related to the revised CRM subjecting Yubo Beijing or its business to the cybersecurity review. We cannot guarantee, however, that we will not be subject to the cybersecurity review in the future. If a cybersecurity review is determined to apply to us in the future, we may be required to suspend our operations or experience other disruptions to our operations. Cybersecurity review could also result in negative publicity with respect to our Company and diversion of our managerial and financial resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure of cybersecurity, data privacy and data security compliance which may be identified during any of such cybersecurity review could subject Yubo Beijing to penalties, damage its reputation and brand, and harm its business and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated the PRC Personal Information Protection Law (the PIPL ), which took effect in November 2021. The PIPL provides that any entity involving processing of personal information PI Handler shall take various measures to prevent the disclosure, modification or losing of the personal information processed by such entity, including, but not limited to, formulating a related internal management system and standard of operation, conducting classified management of personal information, taking safety technology measures to encrypt and de-identify the processed personal information, providing regular safety training and education for staff and formulating a personal information safety emergency accident plan. The PIPL further provides that a PI Handler shall conduct a prior evaluation of the impact of personal information protection before the occurrence of various situations, including, but not limited to, processing of sensitive personal information (personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, may lead to discrimination against an individual or serious harm to an individual s personal or property safety, including information on an individual s ethnicity, religious beliefs, personal biological characteristics, medical health, financial accounts, personal whereabouts), using personal information to make automated decisions and providing personal information to any overseas entity. Notably, in case of cross-border transfer of personal information, the PIPL requires the PI Handler to either (i) complete a mandatory security assessment by CAC, (ii) complete the personal information protection certification (the PIPC by a certification institution designated by the CAC, or (iii) conclude a standard contract provided by CAC with the foreign recipients. On July 7, 2022, the CAC promogulated the Outbound Data Transfer Security Assessment Measures (the Measures ), which became effective on September 1, 2022. According to the Measures, a PI Handler should declare a mandatory security assessment for its outbound data transfer to the CAC through the local provincial cyberspace administration under the following circumstances (i) where such PI Handler provides critical data outside the territory of the PRC, (ii) where the PI Handler being a CIIO or processing the personal information of more than one million individuals provides personal information outside the territory of the PRC, (iii) where a PI Handler has provided personal information of 100,000 individuals or sensitive personal information of 10,000 individuals in total outside the territory of the PRC since January 1 of the previous year; or (iv) other circumstances prescribed by the CAC for which declaration for security assessment for cross-border data transfers is required. Considering that (i) Yubo Beijing is not in possession of or otherwise holding personal information of over one million users and it is also very unlikely that we will reach such threshold in the near future; (ii) as of the date of this Annual Report, Yubo Beijing has not received any notice or determination from applicable PRC governmental authorities identifying Yubo Beijing as a CIIO, or as a processor of critical data, and (iii) since January 1, 2022, Yubo Beijing has not provided personal information of 100,000 individuals or sensitive personal information of 10,000 individuals outbound accumulatively, we do not believe we are currently obliged to declare a mandatory security assessment under the Measures. However, according to the draft version of the PRC national standard Information security technology Guideline for identification of critical data dated January 2022, information related to human genetic resources might fall into the scope of critical data. Although this national standard has not released its final version and become effective yet, if we are deemed to be a PI Handler providing critical data outbound in the future, we might be subject to the mandatory security assessment as mentioned above. On November 4, 2022, the CAC and the State Administration for Market Regulation (the SAMR jointly issued the Notification on the Implementation of Personal Information Protection Certification, formally initiating the mechanism of PIPC. In parallel, on December 16, 2022, the National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee released an updated version of the Guidance on Network Security Standardized Practice Specification for Certification of Personal Information Cross-Border Processing Activities, which provides the general principles and detailed requirements for cross-border PIPC. On February 22, 2023, the CAC published the Measures for the Standard Contract for Cross-Border Transfer of Personal Information, along with the final version of the standard contract for the cross-border transfer of personal information outside of mainland China (the PRC Standard Contract ), which will be effective on June 1, 2023. A PI Handler may choose either (i) to complete a PIPC, or (ii) to conclude a PRC Standard Contract with a foreign recipient and provide it along with other required materials to relevant governmental authorities for filing to ensure the legality of a cross-border transfer of personal information, as long as not falling into the circumstances required for a mandatory security assessment as mentioned above. 13 Table of Contents Yubo Beijing s business involves the processing of personal information of customers using Yubo Beijing s healthcare products and receiving Yubo Beijing s services, which may be deemed as sensitive personal information. Considering that (i) Yubo Beijing has not provided the personal information collected and gathered in its business outside the territory of China, (ii) our Company do not have the access to the personal information gathered by Yubo Beijing, based on our understanding of current PRC laws and regulations, we are not subject to the regulations over the cross-border transfer of personal information so far. However, given that the national security legal framework imposes stricter data localization and protection requirements on personal information and human health-related data in recent years, we might need to maintain the data and personal information collected and generated in our business in mainland China, enter into standard contracts with the overseas recipients of any personal information processed by us (if any), conduct self-assessments, undergo security assessments, or even obtain the requisite approvals from the Chinese government if the transmission of such information and data outside of mainland China is needed, which could significantly increase our operating costs or cause delays or disruptions in our business operations. Furthermore, if Yubo Beijing does not take measures to review and improve its mechanisms in protecting personal information, failure of personal information protection compliance could subject Yubo Beijing to penalties, damage its reputation and brand and harm its business and results of operations. The medical industry in China is highly regulated and such regulations are subject to change which may affect approval and commercialization of Yubo Beijing s products and services. All of Yubo Beijing s research and development operations and manufacturing facilities are in China, which we believe confers clinical, commercial and regulatory advantages. The medical industry in China is subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval, registration, manufacturing, packaging, licensing and marketing of new drugs. Yubo Beijing s products that are categorized as medical devices will require manufacturing and distribution license for the respective manufacturing and distribution activities and if Yubo Beijing s services are categorized as medical services, Yubo Beijing will be required to apply and hold a Practice License of Medical Institutions. For example, under PRC law, before Yubo Beijing enters into a clinical trial agreement with a PRC partner, the parties are required to obtain an approval for projects of international collaboration in respect of human genetic resources in order to utilize genetic material contained in biological samples collected from Chinese human subjects. Furthermore, under relevant PRC laws, a license for use of laboratory animals is required for performing experimentation on animals. Any failure of fully comply with such requirement may result in the invalidation of our experimental data. In recent years, the regulatory framework in China regarding the medical industry has undergone significant changes, and we expect that it will continue to undergo significant changes. Any such changes or amendments may result in increased compliance costs on Yubo Beijing s business or cause delays in or prevent the successful development or commercialization of Yubo Beijing s products in China and reduce the current benefits we believe are available to Yubo Beijing from developing and manufacturing products and medical devices in China. PRC authorities have become increasingly vigilant in enforcing laws in the medical industry and any failure by Yubo Beijing or its partners to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations or obtain and maintain required licenses and permits may result in the suspension or termination of Yubo Beijing s business activities in China. We believe Yubo Beijing s strategy and approach are aligned with the PRC government s regulatory policies, but we cannot ensure that Yubo Beijing s strategy and approach will continue to be aligned. Yubo Beijing faces risks associated with uncertainties relating to Regulation for the Administration of Human Genetic Resources. The collection, preservation, usage and outbound provision of human genetic resources in the PRC are governed by Regulation for the Administration of Human Genetic Resources, or HGR Regulation, except for activities relating to human genetic resources conducted for some specific purposes including clinical diagnosis and treatment. We believe that the stem cell bank is both for the purpose of clinical diagnosis and treatment, so that such activities relating to human genetic resources in our diagnosis business or early screening business may not be governed by HGR Regulation. However, we cannot assure you that the stem cell bank will be continuously deemed as conducted for the purpose of clinical diagnosis and treatment by the relevant government authority. Meanwhile, the endometrial stem cell bank in the development services are governed by HGR Regulation. 14 Table of Contents Pursuant to HGR Regulation, there are some limitations for foreign entities, individuals and such entities established or actually controlled thereby Restricted Entities , and each, a Restricted Entity to engage in activities relating to human genetic resources. For example, the Restricted Entity is not allowed to collect or preserve human genetic resources of China, while it is prohibited from using human genetic resources of China unless that such Restricted Entity have obtained an approval from relevant government authority or have filed with relevant government authority for international cooperation with a domestic entity. Taking into consideration of our consultation with a competent government authority, among others, although an entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by foreign persons through shareholding ownership would be deemed as a Restricted Entity, HGR Regulation remains unclear as to whether a VIE entity controlled by a wholly foreign owned enterprise through contractual arrangements would be deemed as a Restricted Entity. We cannot assure you that Yubo Beijing, as a VIE, will not be deemed as Restricted Entities in the future, given the lack of clear statutory interpretation regarding HGR Regulation. If Yubo Beijing is deemed as a Restricted Entity by relevant government authority, we will be required to obtain approvals or file with relevant government authority which could result in additional cost and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. You may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing actions in China against us or our management named in this Annual Report based on foreign laws. We conduct a substantial portion of our operations in China through the VIE, Yubo Beijing. In addition, many of our senior executive officers and directors reside within China for a significant portion of the time and some of them are PRC nationals. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process upon us, Yubo Beijing, or those persons inside China. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us, Yubo Beijing and our officers and directors. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands or the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts against us, Yubo Beijing or such persons predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state. The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on principles of reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other forms of written arrangement with the United States that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, the PRC courts will not enforce a foreign judgment against us, Yubo Beijing or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates the basic principles of PRC laws or national sovereignty, security or the public interest. As a result, it is uncertain whether and on what basis a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States. It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. It may be difficult for you or overseas regulators, such as the U.S. Department of Justice, the Commission, and other authorities of the United States, to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining information, documents and materials needed for regulatory investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities. Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be efficient in the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. Accordingly, without the consent of the competent PRC securities regulators and relevant authorities, no entity or individual may provide the documents and materials relating to securities business activities to overseas parties. While detailed interpretation of or implementing rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within China may further increase difficulties faced by you in protecting your interests. 15 Table of Contents The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or t he HFCA Act, and the relevant regulations are evolving quickly. Further implementations and interpretations to the HFCA Act or the relevant regulations, or a PCAOB s determination that it is lack of sufficient access to inspect or investigate completely our auditor, could result in regulatory risks to and limitations on us, and you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection and our stocks could be delisted from the stock exchange pursuant to the HFCA Act. As an auditor of companies that are registered with the SEC and publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ), our auditor is required under the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess their compliance with the laws of the United States and professional standards. Although most of our operations are based in China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB was historically unable to conduct inspections and investigations completely before 2022, our U.S. auditor is currently inspected by the PCAOB. As part of a continued regulatory focus in the United States on access to audit and other information currently protected by national law, in particular under Chinese law, in June 2019, a bipartisan group of lawmakers introduced bills in both houses of the U.S. Congress which, if passed, would require the SEC to maintain a list of issuers for which PCAOB is not able to inspect or investigate the audit work performed by a foreign public accounting firm completely. The proposed Ensuring Quality Information and Transparency for Abroad-Based Listings on our Exchanges Act prescribes increased disclosure requirements for these issuers and, beginning in 2025, the delisting from U.S. national securities exchanges such as the Nasdaq of issuers included on the SEC s list for three consecutive years. It is unclear if this proposed legislation will be enacted. On May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating in Restrictive Market , (ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or board of director for Restrictive Market companies, and (iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the qualifications of the company s auditors. On May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed the HFCA Act, which includes requirements for the SEC to identify issuers whose audit work is performed by auditors that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a restriction imposed by a non-U.S. authority in the auditor s local jurisdiction. The U.S. House of Representatives passed the HFCA Act on December 2, 2020, and the HFCA Act was signed into law on December 18, 2020. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA ), which was signed into law on December 29, 2022. the AHFCAA amended the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three years. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act. We will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies us as a Commission-Identified Issuer (as defined in the final rules) under a process to be subsequently established by the SEC, and the SEC could prohibit the trading of our securities on national securities exchanges if we are identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer. Under the HFCA Act, our securities may be prohibited from trading on the Nasdaq or other U.S. stock exchanges if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in our shares being delisted. On December 16, 2021, PCAOB announced the PCAOB Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act determinations (the 2021 PCAOB Determinations relating to the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China of the PRC or Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong. 16 Table of Contents On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB announced and signed a Statement of Protocol (the Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance of the PRC (the MOF ). The Protocol provides the PCAOB with: (1) sole discretion to select the firms, audit engagements and potential violations it inspects and investigates, without any involvement of Chinese authorities; (2) procedures for PCAOB inspectors and investigators to view complete audit work papers with all information included and for the PCAOB to retain information as needed; (3) direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated with the audits the PCAOB inspects or investigates. The PCAOB reassessed the 2021 PCAOB Determinations that the positions taken by PRC authorities prevented the PCAOB from inspecting and investigating in mainland China and Hong Kong completely. The PCAOB sent its inspectors to conduct on-site inspections and investigations of firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong from September to November 2022. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced in the 2022 Determination its determination that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, and the PCAOB Board voted to vacate previous determinations to the contrary. Should the PCAOB again encounter impediments to inspections and investigations in mainland China or Hong Kong as a result of positions taken by any authority in either jurisdiction, including by the CSRC or the MOF, the PCAOB will make determinations under the HFCAA as and when appropriate. We cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach, or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. There is a risk that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely the Company s auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction or any other reasons, and that the PCAOB may re-evaluate its determinations as a result of any obstruction with the implementation of the Protocol. Such lack of inspection or re-evaluation could cause trading in the Company s securities to be prohibited under the HFCAA ultimately result in a determination by a securities exchange to delist the Company s securities. In addition, under the HFCAA as amended by the AHFCAA, our securities may be prohibited from trading on the Nasdaq or other U.S. stock exchanges if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in our common stock or ordinary shares being delisted by and exchange. Such recent developments would add uncertainties to our listing and any future offering and we cannot assure you whether the SEC, the PCAOB, Nasdaq, or other regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us. It remains unclear what further actions the SEC, the PCAOB or Nasdaq will take to address these issues and what impact those actions will have on U.S. companies that have significant operations in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange (including a national securities exchange or over-the-counter stock market). In addition, any additional actions, proceedings, or new rules resulting from these efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information could create some uncertainty for investors, the market price of our common stock or ordinary shares could be adversely affected, and we could be delisted if we and our auditor are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement or being required to engage a new audit firm, which would require significant expense and management time. If trading in our ordinary shares is prohibited under the HFCA Act in the future because the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate our auditor at such future time, Nasdaq may determine to delist our common stock or ordinary shares. If our common stock or ordinary shares are unable to be listed on another securities exchange by then, such a delisting would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our ordinary shares when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our common stock or ordinary shares. Dividends we receive from our subsidiaries located in the PRC may be subject to PRC withholding tax, which could materially and adversely affect the amount of dividends, if any, we may pay our shareholders. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law classifies enterprises as resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law provides that an income tax rate of 20 may be applicable to dividends payable to non-resident investors, which (i) do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC, or (ii) have an establishment or place of business in the PRC but the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. The State Council of the PRC reduced such rate to 10 through the implementation regulations of the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law. Further, pursuant to the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement between Hong Kong and Mainland China, or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, and the Notice on Certain Issues with Respect to the Enforcement of Dividend Provisions in Tax Treaties issued in February 2009 by the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, or the SAT, if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns more than 25 of the equity interest in a company in China at all times during the 12-month period immediately prior to obtaining a dividend from such company, the 10 withholding tax on dividends is reduced to 5 provided that certain other conditions and requirements under the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement and other applicable PRC laws are satisfied at the discretion of relevant PRC tax authority. 17 Table of Contents If our Cayman Islands subsidiary and our Hong Kong subsidiary are considered as non-resident enterprises and our Hong Kong subsidiary is considered as a Hong Kong resident enterprise under the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement and is determined by the competent PRC tax authority to have satisfied relevant conditions and requirements, then the dividends paid to our Hong Kong subsidiary by its PRC subsidiary may be subject to the reduced income tax rate of 5 under the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement. However, based on the Notice on Certain Issues with Respect to the Enforcement of Dividend Provisions in Tax Treaties, if the relevant PRC tax authorities determine, in their discretion, that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate due to a structure or arrangement that is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential tax treatment. In addition, based on the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Relating to Beneficial Owner in Tax Treaties, effective from April 1, 2018, under certain conditions a company cannot be defined as a beneficial owner under the treaty and thus are not entitled to the abovementioned reduced income tax rate of 5 under the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement. If we are required under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law to pay income tax for any dividends we receive from our subsidiaries in China, or if our Hong Kong subsidiary is determined by PRC government authority as receiving benefits from reduced income tax rate due to a structure or arrangement that is primarily tax-driven, it would materially and adversely affect the amount of dividends, if any, we may pay to our shareholders. If we are classified as a resident enterprise of China under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, we and our non-PRC shareholders could be subject to unfavorable tax consequences, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established outside the PRC with de facto management body within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise and will be subject to the enterprise income tax on its global income at the rate of 25 . The implementation rules define the term de facto management body as the body that exercises full and substantial control and overall management over the business, productions, personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In 2009, SAT issued a circular, known as SAT Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management body of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the criteria set forth in the circular may reflect the SAT s general position on how the de facto management body text should be applied in determining the tax resident status of all offshore enterprises. According to SAT Circular 82, an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having its de facto management body in China and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its global income only if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in the PRC; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC; (iii) the enterprise s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and shareholder resolutions, are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at least 50 of board members with voting rights or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC. We believe that we are not a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term de facto management body. If the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes, we may be required to withhold a 10 tax from dividends we pay to our shareholders that are non-resident enterprises, including the holders of the common stock. In addition, non-resident enterprise shareholders, including our common stock holders, may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 10 on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of common stock or ordinary shares, if such income is treated as sourced from within the PRC. Furthermore, if we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to our non-PRC individual shareholders, including our common stock holders, and any gain realized on the transfer of common stock or ordinary shares by such shareholders may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 20 , which in the case of dividends may be withheld at source. Any PRC tax liability may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty. However, it is unclear whether non-PRC shareholders of our company would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise. Any such tax may reduce the returns on your investment in our common stock or ordinary shares. 18 Table of Contents In addition to the uncertainty as to the application of the resident enterprise classification, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not amend or revise the taxation laws, rules and regulations to impose stricter tax requirements or higher tax rates. Any of such changes could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Restrictions on foreign exchange and the ability to transfer cash between entities, across borders and to U.S. investors may affect the value of your investment. Currently, the RMB cannot be freely converted into any foreign currency. The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. Our income is received in RMB and shortages in foreign currencies may restrict our ability to pay dividends or other payments, or otherwise satisfy our foreign currency denominated obligations, if any. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, for most capital account items, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders, including holders of the Class A common stock. Our cash dividends, if any, will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax. See If we are classified as a resident enterprise of China under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, we and our non-PRC shareholders could be subject to unfavorable tax consequences, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected above. Relevant PRC laws and regulations permit the PRC companies to pay dividends only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Additionally, our PRC subsidiaries and Yubo Beijing can only distribute dividends upon approval of the shareholders after we have met the PRC requirements for appropriation to the statutory reserves. As a result of these and other restrictions under the PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries and Yubo Beijing are restricted to transfer a portion of their net assets to us either in the form of dividends, loans or advances. Even though we currently do not require any such dividends, loans or advances from the PRC subsidiaries or Yubo Beijing for working capital and other funding purposes, we may in the future require additional cash resources from our PRC subsidiaries or Yubo Beijing due to changes in business conditions, to fund future acquisitions and developments, or merely declare and pay dividends to or distributions to our shareholders. See Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Registrant Purchases of Equity Securities Dividends and Other Distributions for a diagram illustrating the typical cash flow among our main subsidiaries, the WFOE, and Yubo Beijing, the VIE. Fluctuation in exchange rates could have a negative effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions in China and by China s foreign exchange policies. Since June 2010, the RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. On November 30, 2015, the Executive Board of the International Monetary Fund, or IMF, completed the regular five-year review of the basket of currencies that make up the Special Drawing Right, or the SDR, and decided that with effect from October 1, 2016, the RMB is determined to be a freely usable currency and will be included in the SDR basket as a fifth currency, along with the U.S. dollar, the euro, the Japanese yen and the British pound. Since the fourth quarter of 2016, the RMB has depreciated significantly in the backdrop of a surging U.S. dollar and persistent capital outflows of China. With the development of the foreign exchange market and progress toward interest rate liberalization and RMB internationalization, the PRC government may in the future announce further changes to the exchange rate system, and we cannot assure you that the RMB will not appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future. 19 Table of Contents Very limited hedging options are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. While we may decide to enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these hedges may be limited and we may not be able to adequately hedge our exposure or at all. In addition, our currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currency or to convert foreign currency into RMB. PRC regulations relating to offshore investment activities by PRC residents and enterprises may increase our administrative burden and restrict our overseas and cross-border investment activity. If our PRC resident and enterprise shareholders fail to make any required applications and filings under such regulations, we may be unable to distribute profits to such shareholders and may become subject to liability under PRC law. In July 2014, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, which replaces the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for PRC Residents to Engage in Financing and Round-tripping Investment via Overseas Special Purpose, or SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents, including PRC individuals and PRC corporate entities, to register with SAFE or its local branches in connection with their direct or indirect offshore investment activities. SAFE Circular 37 is applicable to our shareholders who are PRC residents and may be applicable to any offshore acquisitions that we may make in the future. Under SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who make, or have prior to the implementation of SAFE Circular 37 made, direct or indirect investments in offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, are required to register such investments with SAFE or its local branches. In addition, any PRC resident who is a direct or indirect shareholder of an SPV, is required to update its registration with the local branch of SAFE with respect to that SPV, to reflect any change of basic information or material events. If any PRC resident shareholder of such SPV fails to make the required registration or to update the registration, the subsidiary of such SPV in China may be prohibited from distributing its profits or the proceeds from any capital reduction, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, and the SPV may also be prohibited from making additional capital contributions into its subsidiaries in China. In February 2015, SAFE promulgated a Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange Administration Policy on Direct Investment, or SAFE Notice 13. Under SAFE Notice 13, applications for foreign exchange registration of inbound foreign direct investments and outbound direct investments, including those required under SAFE Circular 37, shall be filed with qualified banks instead of SAFE. Qualified banks should examine the applications and accept registrations under the supervision of SAFE. We may not be aware of the identities of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. To our knowledge, some of our beneficial owners have not complied with SAFE registration requirements under SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules on time or at all, sometimes due to reasons beyond their control. However, we do not have control over our beneficial owners and cannot compel them to comply with SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules. Therefore, we cannot assure you that any required registration under SAFE Circular 37 and any amendment will be completed in a timely manner, or at all. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents to register or amend their foreign exchange registrations pursuant to SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules, or the failure of future beneficial owners of our company who are PRC residents to comply with the registration procedures set forth in SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules, may subject such beneficial owners or our PRC subsidiary to fines and legal sanctions. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiary and limit our PRC subsidiary s ability to distribute dividends to us. These risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents Furthermore, as these foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations and their interpretation and implementation have been constantly evolving, it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border investments and transactions, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. For example, we may be subject to a more stringent review and approval process with respect to our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we have complied or will be able to comply with all applicable foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations. In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company, we cannot assure you that we or the owners of such company, as the case may be, will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete the necessary filings and registrations required by the foreign exchange regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and could adversely affect our business and prospects. The M A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of PRC companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. The M A Rules and relevant regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex. The M A Rules require that the Ministry of Commerce, or the MOFCOM, be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that have or may have an impact on the national economic security; or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which holds a famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand. The approval from MOFCOM shall be obtained in circumstances where overseas companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire affiliated domestic companies. The Anti-Monopoly Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, or NPC, which became effective in August 2008, requires that when a concentration of undertakings occurs and reaches statutory thresholds, the undertakings concerned shall file a prior notification with MOFCOM. Without the clearance from MOFCOM, no concentration of undertakings shall be implemented and effected. Mergers, acquisitions or contractual arrangements that allow one market player to take control of or to exert decisive impact on another market player must also be notified in advance to the MOFCOM when the threshold under the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings, or the Prior Notification Rules, issued by the State Council in August 2008 is triggered. If such prior notification is not obtained, MOFCOM may order the concentration to cease its operations, dispose of shares or assets, transfer the business of the concentration within a time limit, take any other necessary measures to restore the situation as it was before the concentration, and may impose administrative fines. In addition, the Implementing Rules Concerning Security Review on the Mergers and Acquisitions by Foreign Investors of Domestic Enterprises, issued by the MOFCOM in August 2011, specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors involved in an industry related to national security are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and prohibit any activities attempting to bypass such security review, including by structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the abovementioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the MOFCOM or its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions. We cannot preclude the possibility that the MOFCOM or other government agencies may publish explanations contrary to our understanding or broaden the scope of such security reviews in the future, in which case our future acquisitions in the PRC, including those by way of entering into contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially and adversely affected. 21 Table of Contents We and our shareholders face uncertainty with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises, assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company or immovable properties located in China owned by non-PRC companies. In February 2015, SAT issued a Public Notice Regarding Certain Corporate Income Tax Matters on Indirect Transfer of Properties by Non-Tax Resident Enterprises, or SAT Public Notice 7. SAT Public Notice 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets through offshore transfer of a foreign intermediate holding company. In addition, SAT Public Notice 7 provides clear criteria for assessment of reasonable commercial purposes and has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity through a public securities market. SAT Public Notice 7 also brings challenges to both foreign transferor and transferee (or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer) of taxable assets. In October 2017, SAT issued the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning the Withholding of Non-resident Enterprise Income Tax at Source, or SAT Bulletin 37, which came into effect on December 1, 2017. The Bulletin 37 further clarifies the practice and procedure of the withholding of non-resident enterprise income tax. Where a non-resident enterprise transfers taxable assets indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, which is an indirect transfer, the non-resident enterprise as either transferor or transferee, or the PRC entity that directly owns the taxable assets, may report such Indirect Transfer to the relevant tax authority. Using a substance over form principle, the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding or deferring PRC tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer other than transfer of shares of our common stock acquired and sold on public markets may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of 10 for the transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise. Both the transferor and the transferee may be subject to penalties under PRC tax laws if the transferee fails to withhold the taxes and the transferor fails to pay the taxes. We face uncertainties as to the reporting and other implications of certain past and future transactions that involve PRC taxable assets, such as offshore restructuring, sale of the shares in our offshore subsidiaries and investments. Our company may be subject to filing obligations or taxed if our company is the transferor in such transactions, and may be subject to withholding obligations if our company is the transferee in such transactions, under SAT Public Notice 7 or Bulletin 37, or both. Risks Related to Shares of our Common Stock The relative lack of U.S. public company experience of our management team may put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our management team lacks U.S. public company experience and is generally unfamiliar with the requirements of the U.S. securities laws and U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The individuals who now constitute our senior management team have never had responsibility for managing a publicly traded company. Such responsibilities include complying with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. Our senior management may not be able to implement programs and policies in an effective and timely manner that adequately responds to such increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements. Our failure to comply with all applicable requirements could lead to the imposition of fines and penalties and distract our management from attending to the growth of our business. Our common stock is not listed on any stock exchange and there is a limited market for shares of our common stock. Even if a market for our common stock develops, our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations. Our common stock is not listed on any stock exchange. Although our Class A common stock is quoted on the OTC Marketplace, there is a limited public market for shares of our Class A common stock, and limited trades of our Class A common stock have taken place on the OTC Marketplace. Even if the shares of our common stock may in the future trade greater volume on the OTC Marketplace, the liquidity and price of our common stock is expected to be more limited than if such securities were quoted or listed on a national exchange. No assurances can be given that an active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. Trading volume may be limited by the fact that many major institutional investment funds, including mutual funds, as well as individual investors follow a policy of not investing in over the counter stocks and certain major brokerage firms restrict their brokers from recommending over the counter stocks because they are considered speculative, volatile and thinly traded. Lack of liquidity will limit the price at which stockholders may be able to sell our common stock. 22 Table of Contents Even if our common stock will in the future trade more actively on the OTC Marketplace, the price of such common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations, in response to quarterly variations in our operating results, announcements by us or others, developments affecting us, and other events or factors. In addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years. These fluctuations have had a substantial effect on the market prices for many companies, often unrelated to the operating performance of such companies, and may adversely affect the market prices of the securities. Such risks could have an adverse effect on the stock s future liquidity. Because we became public by means of a reverse merger, we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firm or investors in general. Additional risks may exist because we became a public company through a reverse merger. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide coverage of us since there is little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. No assurance can be given that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our company in the future. In addition, the SEC has recently issued an investor bulletin warning to investors about the risks of investing in companies that enter the U.S. capital markets through a reverse merger. The release of such information from the SEC may have the effect of reducing investor interest in companies, such as us, that enter the U.S. capital markets through a reverse merger. We cannot assure you that our common stock will become eligible for listing or quotation on any exchange and the failure to do so may adversely affect your ability to dispose of our common stock in a timely fashion. In order for our common stock to become eligible for listing or quotation on any exchange, reverse merger companies must have had their securities traded on an over-the-counter market for at least one year, maintained a certain minimum closing price for not less than 30 of the most recent 60 days prior to the filing of an initial listing application and prior to listing, and timely filed with the SEC all required reports since consummation of the reverse merger, including one annual report containing audited consolidated financial statements for a full fiscal year commencing after the date of filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K which discloses the reverse merger. We may not be able to meet all of the filing requirements above and may not be able to satisfy the initial standards for listing or quotation on any exchange in the foreseeable future or at all. Even if we are able to become listed or quoted on an exchange, we may not be able to maintain a listing of the common stock on such stock exchange. Our common stock may be subject to penny stock rules, which may make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their common stock. Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by certain penny stock rules adopted by the SEC. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 per share. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a purchase or sale of a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver to the customer a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock the broker-dealer make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. 23 Table of Contents FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. In addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends. We presently do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends on any of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors (the Board ). We presently intend to retain all earnings, if any, to implement our business plan; accordingly, we do not anticipate the declaration of any dividends in the foreseeable future. We may need additional capital, and the sale of additional shares or other equity securities, including our Class B common stock, could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We expect our existing cash will be sufficient to fund our capital requirements through 2023, and we currently plan to raise additional capital in 2024. In addition, we may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. If our resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we will seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. The sale of additional equity securities could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. In addition, you may experience further dilution to the extent that shares of our Class B common stock are issued and sold to raise capital. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have authorized 3,750,000 shares of Class B common stock, at a par value of 0.001 per share, of which 4,447 shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding. The incurrence of additional indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Our dual-class voting structure will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could discourage others from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our Class A common stock may view as beneficial. Our authorized common stock is divided into Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, while holders of Class B common stock are entitled to five votes per share. Each share of Class B is convertible into one share of Class A common stock upon notice of the holder, while Class A common stock is not convertible into Class B common stock under any circumstances. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have authorized (i) 1,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, of which 119,816,343 shares were issued and outstanding, and (ii) 3,750,000 shares of Class B common stock, of which 4,447 shares were issued and outstanding. Currently, the holder of Class A common stock will have the ability to control matters requiring shareholders approval, including any amendment of our memorandum and articles of association. However, any future issuances of Class B common stock may be dilutive to the voting power of holders of Class A common stock. Any conversions of Class B common stock into Class A common stock may dilute the percentage ownership of the existing holders of Class A common stock within their class of ordinary shares. 24 Table of Contents Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. Certain of our executive officers, directors and large stockholders own a significant percentage of our outstanding capital stock. As of the date of this Annual Report, our executive officers, directors, holders of 5 or more of our capital stock and their respective affiliates owned approximately 80.4 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, our directors and executive officers have significant influence over our affairs due to their substantial ownership coupled with their positions on our management team and have substantial voting power to approve matters requiring the approval of our stockholders. For example, these stockholders may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This concentration of ownership may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that some of our stockholders may believe is in their best interest. We have a substantial number of authorized common shares available for future issuance that could cause dilution of our stockholders interest and adversely impact the rights of holders of our common stock. We have a total of 1,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 3,750,000 shares of Class B common stock authorized for issuance and up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with the rights, preferences and privileges that our Board may determine from time to time. As of the date of this Annual Report, we had 119,816,343 shares of issued and outstanding Class A common stock, 4,447 shares of issued and outstanding Class B common stock, and no outstanding preferred stock. We may seek financing that could result in the issuance of additional shares of our capital stock and/or rights to acquire additional shares of our capital stock. We may also make acquisitions that result in issuances of additional shares of our capital stock. Those additional issuances of capital stock would result in a significant reduction of your percentage interest in us. The addition of a substantial number of shares of our common stock into the market or by the registration of any of our other securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), may significantly and negatively affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. Risks Related to our Business and Industry The commercial success of Yubo Beijing s products depends upon the degree of their market acceptance among the medical community. If Yubo Beijing s products do not attain market acceptance among the medical community, its operations and profitability would be adversely affected. The commercial success of Yubo Beijing s products depends, in large part, upon the degree of market acceptance they achieve among the medical community, particularly among physicians, pharmacists, administrators of hospitals, clinics and other health care institutions. Physicians may not prescribe or recommend Yubo Beijing s products to patients and pharmacies, procurement departments of hospitals, clinics and other health care institutions may not purchase Yubo Beijing s products if physicians or pharmacists do not find Yubo Beijing s products attractive. The acceptance and use of Yubo Beijing s products among the medical community will depend upon a number of factors including: perceptions by physicians, pharmacists, patients and others in the medical community about the safety and effectiveness of Yubo Beijing s products; the prevalence and severity of any side effects; pharmacological benefit of Yubo Beijing s products relative to competing products and products under development; the efficacy and potential advantages relative to competing products and products under development; relative convenience and ease of administration; effectiveness of Yubo Beijing s education, marketing and distribution efforts; publicity concerning Yubo Beijing s products or competing products and treatments; and the price for Yubo Beijing s products and competing products. 25 Table of Contents If Yubo Beijing s products fail to attain market acceptance among the medical community, or if Yubo Beijing s currently marketed products cannot maintain market acceptance, its results of operations and profitability would be adversely affected. We have a history of losses and may continue to incur losses in the future, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have a history of losses and may continue to incur losses in the future, which could negatively impact the trading value of our common stock. We may continue to incur operating losses in future periods. These losses may increase and we may never achieve or sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future for a variety of reasons, including increased competition, decreased growth in the automotive industry and other factors described elsewhere in this Item 1A. Risk Factors . Further, we may incur significant losses in the future due to unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays and other unknown events. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our stockholders may lose their entire investment. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as described in Note 3: Going Concern to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, investors will likely lose all of their investment in our company. The consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Yubo Beijing s proprietary, next-generation stem cell derived technologies, approach for stem cell storage facilities and manufacturing platform for its stem cell based products, represent emerging approaches to medical treatments that face significant challenges and hurdles. Yubo Beijing currently has two commercialized products: respiratory atomization products and cell basidiomycetes compound drink. Yubo Beijing plans to market and commercialize its other planned light application products soon. Because stem cell-based healthcare products and therapies represent a relatively new field of, developing and commercializing Yubo Beijing s products subjects us to a number of risks and challenges, including: obtaining regulatory approval for Yubo Beijing s products, as the regulatory authorities may have limited experience with stem cell based healthcare products and therapies; developing and deploying consistent and reliable processes for engineering a customer s stem cells ex vivo and infusing the engineered stem cells back into the patient; sourcing clinical and, if approved, commercial supplies of the materials used to manufacture Yubo Beijing s product candidates; developing programming modules with the desired properties, while avoiding adverse reactions; developing a reliable and consistent vector and cell manufacturing process; establishing manufacturing capacity suitable for the manufacture of Yubo Beijing s products; developing protocols for the safe administration of Yubo Beijing s products; educating medical personnel regarding Yubo Beijing s stem cell technologies and the potential side effect profile of Yubo Beijing s products; establishing sales and marketing capabilities to successfully launch and commercialize Yubo Beijing s product candidates if and when Yubo Beijing obtains any required regulatory approvals, and risks associated with gaining market acceptance of a novel therapy if Yubo Beijing receives approval; and the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors for Yubo Beijing s novel and personalized therapies in connection with commercialization of any approved products. 26 Table of Contents Yubo Beijing may not be able to successfully develop its stem cell derived products, its technology or its other products in a manner that will yield products that are safe, effective, scalable or profitable. Yubo Beijing may not be able to successfully create its own manufacturing infrastructure and stem cell storage facilities for supply and maintenance of its requirements of programmed stem cell products for use in clinical trials and for commercial sale. Yubo Beijing currently has manufacturing and storage facilities in China supplying clinical materials for its trials and commercial production through agreements with third parties. Yubo Beijing intends to expand the capacities at these sites as it begins to expand the production of its products. Yubo Beijing is also in the process of establishing manufacturing capability in Beijing, which will provide a regional product supply as well as add to its global manufacturing ability. Yubo Beijing s manufacturing and commercialization strategy is based on establishing a fully integrated vein-to-vein product delivery cycle. Over time, Yubo Beijing expects to establish regional or zonal manufacturing hubs to service major markets to meet projected needs for commercial sale quantities. However, Yubo Beijing is still in the process of constructing manufacturing and storage facilities that will allow it to meet commercial sale quantities. The implementation of this plan is subject to many risks. For example, the establishment of a stem cell-therapy manufacturing facility is a complex endeavor requiring knowledgeable individuals. Expanding Yubo Beijing s internal manufacturing infrastructure will rely upon finding personnel with an appropriate background and training to staff and operate the facility. Should Yubo Beijing be unable to find these individuals, it may need to rely on external contractors or train additional personnel to fill the needed roles. There are a small number of individuals with experience in stem cell therapy and the competition for these individuals is high. Yubo Beijing expects that operating its own commercial stem cell manufacturing and storage facilities will provide it with enhanced control of material supply for both clinical trials and the commercial market, enable the more rapid implementation of process changes, and allow for better long-term cost margins. However, Yubo Beijing has limited experience as a company in designing and operating a commercial manufacturing and storage facility and may never be successful in developing its own manufacturing capability. Yubo Beijing may establish additional manufacturing and storage sites as it expands its commercial footprint to multiple geographies, which may lead to regulatory delays or prove costly. Even if Yubo Beijing is successful, Yubo Beijing s operations could be affected by cost-overruns, unexpected delays, equipment failures, labor shortages, natural disasters, power failures and numerous other factors, or Yubo Beijing may not be successful in establishing sufficient capacity to produce its product candidates in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch or to meet potential future demand, all of which could prevent Yubo Beijing from realizing the intended benefits of its manufacturing strategy and have a material adverse effect on its business. Yubo Beijing may not be able to timely identify or otherwise effectively respond to changing customer preferences, and Yubo Beijing may fail to optimize its product offering and inventory position. The medical industry in China is rapidly evolving and is subject to rapidly changing customer preferences that are difficult to predict. Yubo Beijing believes that its success depends on its ability to anticipate and identify customer preferences and adapt its product selection to these preferences. In particular, Yubo Beijing believes that it must optimize its product selection and inventory positions based on sales trends. No assurances can be given that Yubo Beijing s product selection, especially its selections of nutritional supplements and food products, will accurately reflect customer preferences at any given time. If Yubo Beijing fails to anticipate accurately either the market for its products or customers purchasing habits or fail to respond to customers changing preferences promptly and effectively, Yubo Beijing may not be able to adapt its product selection to customer preferences or make appropriate adjustments to its inventory positions, which could significantly reduce its revenue and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 27 Table of Contents Yubo Beijing faces significant competition, and if Yubo Beijing does not compete successfully against existing and new competitors, Yubo Beijing s revenue and profitability would be materially and adversely affected. The medical industry in China is highly competitive, and Yubo Beijing expects competition to intensify. In addition, there is a trend towards consolidation of the medical industry in the future. Yubo Beijing s primary competitors are other medical distributors. Yubo Beijing competes for customers and revenue primarily on the basis of product selection, price, and timely delivery of products. Moreover, Yubo Beijing may be subject to additional competition from new entrants to the medical industry in China. If the PRC government removes the barriers for foreign companies to operate majority-owned medical distributors in China, Yubo Beijing could face increased competition from foreign companies. Some of Yubo Beijing s larger competitors may enjoy competitive advantages, such as: greater financial and other resources; larger variety of products; more extensive and advanced supply chain management systems; greater pricing flexibility; larger economies of scale and purchasing power; more extensive advertising and marketing efforts; greater knowledge of local market conditions; and larger sales and distribution networks. As a result, Yubo Beijing may be unable to offer products similar to, or more desirable than, those offered by its competitors, market its products as effectively as its competitors or otherwise respond successfully to competitive pressures. In addition, Yubo Beijing s competitors may be able to offer larger discounts on the same or competing products, and Yubo Beijing may not be able to profitably match those discounts. Furthermore, Yubo Beijing s competitors may offer products that are more attractive to Yubo Beijing s customers or that render Yubo Beijing s products uncompetitive. Yubo Beijing s failure to compete successfully could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. Yubo Beijing relies on third-party manufacturers to supply all of its light application products. Yubo Beijing relies on third-party manufactures to supply all of its light application products. Reliance on such third-party manufacturers involves a number of risks, including a lack of control over the manufacturing process and the potential absence or unavailability of adequate capacity. If any of the third-party manufacturers cannot or will not manufacture Yubo Beijing s products in required volumes in compliance with applicable regulations, on a cost-effective basis, in a timely manner, or at all, Yubo Beijing will have to secure alternative manufacturers. Maintaining relationships with existing manufacturers and replacing such manufacturers may be difficult and time consuming. Any disruption of Yubo Beijing s network of manufacturers, including failure to renew existing distribution agreements with desired manufacturers, could negatively affect Yubo Beijing s product selection and Yubo Beijing s ability to effectively sell its products and could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 28 Table of Contents Yubo Beijing s certificates, permits, and licenses related to its business are subject to governmental control and renewal and failure to obtain renewal will cause all or part of its operations to be terminated. Yubo Beijing is subject to various PRC laws and regulations pertaining to the medical industry. Although Yubo Beijing does not currently own any licenses or permits for the production of its light application products, Yubo Beijing is permitted under the PRC law to rely on the certificates, permits, and licenses that belong to and are maintained by its third-party manufacturers to market and sell its light application products. We are also in the process of applying for a product license for one of our subsidiaries located in Chengdu, China. In the event that Yubo Beijing or its third-party manufacturers, are not able to meet any new requirements imposed on Yubo Beijing s business by the appropriate regulatory authorities or are unable to renew its certificates, permits and licenses, all or part of Yubo Beijing operations may be terminated. Furthermore, if escalating compliance costs associated with governmental standards and regulations restrict or prohibit any part of Yubo Beijing s operations, it may adversely affect Yubo Beijing s operation and profitability. If Yubo Beijing is unable to protect its intellectual property from infringement, Yubo Beijing s business and prospects may be harmed. As sales of Yubo Beijing s private label products increasingly account for a substantial portion of its revenue, Yubo Beijing considers its brand name, trade names and trademarks to be valuable assets. Under PRC law, Yubo Beijing has the exclusive right to use a trademark for products for which such trademark has been registered with the PRC Trademark Office of State Administration for Industry and Commerce SAIC ). In addition, no assurances can be given that Yubo Beijing will be able to obtain any trademarks for which it may apply in the future. Moreover, Yubo Beijing may be unable to prevent third parties from using its brand name or trademarks without authorization and Yubo Beijing may not have adequate remedies for such violations. Unauthorized use of Yubo Beijing s brand name or trademarks by third parties may adversely affect its business and reputation, including the perceived quality and reliability of its products. Yubo Beijing currently owns one invention patent in the PRC, and Yubo Beijing relies on trade secrets to protect its know-how and other proprietary information, including pricing, purchasing, promotional strategies, customer lists and/or suppliers lists. However, it is often difficult to register, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights in the PRC. Confidentiality, invention assignment and non-compete agreements may be breached by counterparties, and there may not be adequate remedies available to Yubo Beijing for any such breach. Accordingly, Yubo Beijing may not be able to effectively protect its intellectual property rights in the PRC. Policing any unauthorized use of Yubo Beijing s intellectual property is difficult and costly and the steps Yubo Beijing takes may be inadequate to prevent the infringement or misappropriation of its intellectual property. In the event that Yubo Beijing resorts to litigation to enforce its intellectual property rights, such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of its managerial and financial resources, and could put its intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or narrowed in scope. Yubo Beijing can provide no assurance that it will prevail in such litigation, and even if it does prevail, Yubo Beijing may not obtain a meaningful recovery. In addition, Yubo Beijing s trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become available to, or be independently discovered by, its competitors. Any failure in maintaining, protecting or enforcing Yubo Beijing s intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, trade secrets are difficult to protect. While Yubo Beijing uses reasonable efforts to protect its trade secrets, its employees, consultants, contractors or advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose its information to competitors. In addition, confidentiality agreements, if any, executed by the foregoing persons may not be enforceable or provide meaningful protection for Yubo Beijing s trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. If Yubo Beijing were to enforce a claim that a third party had illegally obtained and was using its trade secrets, its enforcement efforts could be expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, if Yubo Beijing s competitors independently develop information that is equivalent to its trade secrets or other proprietary information, it will be even more difficult for Yubo Beijing to enforce its rights and Yubo Beijing s business and prospects could be harmed. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce Yubo Beijing s intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others. However, because the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights in the PRC are uncertain and still evolving, Yubo Beijing may not be successful in prosecuting these cases. In addition, any litigation or proceeding or other efforts to protect Yubo Beijing s intellectual property rights could result in substantial costs and diversion of its resources and could seriously harm its business and operating results. Furthermore, the degree of future protection of Yubo Beijing s proprietary rights is uncertain and may not adequately protect its rights or permit Yubo Beijing to gain or keep its competitive advantage. If Yubo Beijing is unable to protect its trade names, trademarks, trade secrets and other propriety information from infringement, Yubo Beijing s business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 29 Table of Contents Yubo Beijing may acquire other businesses, license rights to products or form alliances with third-parties, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect its profitability. Yubo Beijing may pursue acquisitions, licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, as part of its business strategy. Yubo Beijing may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. If Yubo Beijing is successful in making an acquisition, the products that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. Yubo Beijing may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. This may result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense. Our executive officers and directors have existing responsibilities and, in the future, may have additional responsibilities, to provide management and services to other entities in addition to us. As a result, conflicts of interest between us and the other activities of those persons may occur from time to time and could have an adverse effect on us . Certain of our executive officers and directors have existing responsibilities and, in the future, may have additional responsibilities, to provide management and services to other entities in addition to us. As a result, conflicts of interest between us and the other activities of those persons may occur from time to time, including that: we may enter into contracts between us, on the one hand, and other entities for which our executive directors or officers hold positions, on the other, that are not the result of arm s-length transactions; our executive officers and directors that hold positions of responsibility with other entities may be aware of certain business opportunities that are appropriate for presentation to us as well as to such other entities and may present such business opportunities to such other entities; and our executive officers and directors that hold positions of responsibility with other entities may have significant duties with, and spend significant time serving, other entities and may have conflicts of interest in allocating time. We will attempt to resolve any such conflicts of interest in our favor. Our officers and directors are accountable to us and our shareholders as fiduciaries, which requires that such officers and directors exercise good faith and integrity in handling our affairs. Nevertheless, such conflicts could cause an individual in our management to seek to advance his or her economic interests or the economic interests of certain related parties above ours. Further, the appearance of conflicts of interest created by related party transactions could impair the confidence of our investors. It is possible that a conflict of interest could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 30 Table of Contents General Risk Factors We are subject to the reporting obligation and internal control requirements of federal securities laws, which is expensive and time-consuming. We are a public reporting company in the United States and, accordingly, subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, and the compliance obligations of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders causes our expenses to be higher than they would be if we remained a privately-held company. We are a reporting company with the SEC and therefore must comply with Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules concerning internal controls. It is time consuming, difficult and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In order to expand our operations, we will need to hire additional financial reporting, internal control, and other finance staff in order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. Volatility in our common stock price may subject us to securities litigation. The market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may, in the future, be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention and resources. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by industry or financial analysts. If no or few analysts commence coverage of us, the trading price of our stock would likely decrease. Even if we do obtain analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. We are subject to critical accounting policies and actual results may vary from our estimates. We follow generally accepted accounting principles in the United States in preparing our financial statements. As part of the preparation of such financial reports, we must make many estimates and judgments concerning future events, which affect the value of the assets and liabilities, contingent assets and liabilities, and revenue and expenses reported in our financial statements. We believe that these estimates and judgments are reasonable, and we make them in accordance with our accounting policies based on information available at the time. However, actual results could differ from our estimates, and this could require us to record adjustments to expenses or revenues that could be material to our financial position and results of operations in the future. We may need additional capital and may not be able to obtain it on acceptable terms or at all, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial position; the issuance of additional equity would result in dilution to our shareholders. We may need to raise additional capital if our expenditures exceed our current expectations due to changed business conditions or other future developments. Our future liquidity needs and other business reasons may require us to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. The sale of additional equity securities or securities convertible or exchangeable to our equity securities would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of additional indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that restrict our operational flexibility. Our ability to raise additional funds in the future is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including: our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; general market conditions for capital-raising activities by medical companies; and economic, political and other conditions in China and elsewhere. No assurances can be given that we will be able to obtain additional capital in a timely manner or on commercially acceptable terms or at all. 31 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. Yubo Beijing s headquarters are located at Room 105, Building 5, 31 Xishiku Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, PRC and consist of approximately 746 square meters of office space. The lease for Yubo Beijing s headquarters had an initial term of two years and four months from August 2, 2019 to November 30, 2021 with a right to renew for an additional term of two years and eight months from December 1, 2021 to July 31, 2024. The lease also provides for quarterly rent and management fees totaling RMB166,845 (approximately 24,180 at an exchange rate of RMB6.6288=US 1.00 as of December 31, 2022) during the initial term of the lease, subject to increase thereafter. Effective March 1, 2021, we, through Yubo Global, entered into a lease agreement with Chengdu Liangkang Investment Co. to rent approximately 6,960 square meters of laboratory space in Chengdu China. The lease provided for a lease term of five years from March 1, 2021 to February 28, 2026. The lease also provided for payments of monthly rent to the landlord of approximately RMB300,000 (approximately 299,277 at an exchange rate of RMB6.6288=US 1.00 as of December 31, 2022). On August 31, 2021, the lease agreement was terminated by mutual agreement of the parties. Effective September 1, 2021, Yubo Jingzhi entered into a lease agreement with Sichuan Anyi Hengke Tech Co., Ltd. to rent approximately 1,282 square meters of laboratory space in Chengdu, China. The lease provides for a lease term from September 1, 2021 to February 28, 2026. The monthly rent payment under the lease is RMB55,141 (approximately 7,991 at an exchange rate of RMB6.6288=US 1.00 as of December 31, 2022) from September 1, 2021 to February 28, 2024 and will be increased to RMB58,449 (approximately 8,471 at an exchange rate of RMB6.6288=US 1.00 as of December 31, 2022) from March 1, 2024 to February 28, 2026. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We and Yubo Beijing are currently not a party to any material legal or administrative proceedings. We or Yubo Beijing may from time to time be subject to various legal or administrative claims and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our and Yubo Beijing s business, including matters involving product qualities, among others. Any litigation or other legal or administrative proceedings, regardless of the outcome, are likely to result in substantial costs and a diversion of our or Yubo Beijing s resources, including the management s time and attention. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 32 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Registrant Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our Class A common stock has been quoted on the OTC Marketplace under the symbol YBGJ. Previously, it traded under the symbol MAGAA until December 4, 2020. There can be infrequent trading volume, which precipitates wide spreads in the bid and ask quotes of our common stock, on any given day. On April 13, 2023, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock on the OTC Marketplace was 0.09 per share. The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the high and low bid prices per share of our Class A common stock on the OTC Marketplace, reported by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Composite Feed or other qualified interdealer quotation medium. Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. Quarter Ended High Low April 1, 2023 through April 13, 2023 0.09 0.09 March 31, 2023 0.10 0.07 December 31, 2022 0.14 0.08 September 30, 2022 0.17 0.06 June 30, 2022 0.21 0.07 March 31, 2022 0.43 0.23 December 31, 2021 0.50 0.22 September 30, 2021 1.10 0.39 June 30, 2021 1.30 0.23 March 31, 2021 3.98 1.23 December 31, 2020 3.47 0.40 September 30, 2020 0.72 0.25 June 30, 2020 0.37 0.11 March 31, 2020 0.15 0.11 There is no established public trading market for our Class B common stock. Holders of Record As of the date of this Annual Report, there were approximately 448 Class A common stockholders and 37 Class B common stockholders of record. The number of stockholders of record does not include beneficial owners of our common stock, whose shares are held in the names of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries. Dividends and Other Distributions We are a holding company, and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders or holders of our Class A common stock or to service any debt we may incur. The following diagram illustrates the typical cash flow among our main subsidiaries, the WFOE, and Yubo Beijing, the VIE. 33 Table of Contents As of the date of this Annual Report, except as disclosed below, no transfers of cash or other types of assets, dividends, or distributions have been made between our New York holding company, any of our subsidiaries, and Yubo Beijing. As of the date of this Annual Report, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries have ever paid dividends or made distributions to U.S. investors. There has been no capital flow from the WFOE, Yubo Chengdu, to Yubo Beijing. On May 15, 2021, Yubo Beijing received 500,000 from Yubo Global in the form of a loan to fund Yubo Beijing s operations. On September 15, 2021, Yubo Global received a loan of 1,538 from Yubo Beijing to supplement Yubo Global s general working capital. See Note 10: Due to Related Parties to our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These loans are non-interest bearing and payable on demand. While we have not to date adopted a formal cash management policy in writing, we carefully monitor the cash positions of and the fund flows between our New York holding company and each of our subsidiaries, including Yubo Chengdu, and Yubo Beijing. All such fund flows are reviewed regularly by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and are subject to approval by our Board. In the future, cash proceeds raised from our financing activities may be transferred by us to our Chinese subsidiaries via capital contribution or shareholder loans, as the case may be. As an early-stage company, we do not intend to distribute earnings or settle amount owed under the VIE agreements, if any, in the near future. According to the Foreign Investment Law of the People s Republic of China and its implementing rules, which jointly established the legal framework for the administration of foreign-invested companies, a foreign investor may, in accordance with other applicable laws, freely transfer into or out of China its contributions, profits, capital earnings, income from asset disposal, intellectual property rights, royalties acquired, compensation or indemnity legally obtained, and income from liquidation, made or derived within the territory of China in RMB or any foreign currency, and any entity or individual shall not illegally restrict such transfer in terms of the currency, amount and frequency. According to the Company Law of the People s Republic of China and other Chinese laws and regulations, our Chinese subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our Chinese subsidiaries, namely Yubo Chengdu and Yubo Global, and Yubo Beijing and its wholly owned subsidiary, Yubo Jingzhi, is required to set aside at least 10 of its accumulated after-tax profits, if any, each year to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50 of its registered capital. Where the statutory reserve fund is insufficient to cover any loss the Chinese subsidiary incurred in the previous financial year, its current financial year s accumulated after-tax profits shall first be used to cover the loss before any statutory reserve fund is drawn therefrom. Such statutory reserve funds and the accumulated after-tax profits that are used for covering the loss cannot be distributed to us as dividends. At their discretion, our Chinese subsidiaries may allocate a portion of their after-tax profits based on Chinese accounting standards to a discretionary reserve fund. 34 Table of Contents Currently, the RMB cannot be freely converted into any foreign currency. The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. Our income is received in RMB and shortages in foreign currencies may restrict our ability to pay dividends or other payments, or otherwise satisfy our foreign currency denominated obligations, if any. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, for most capital account items, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders, including holders of the Class A common stock. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Restrictions on foreign exchange and the ability to transfer cash between entities, across borders and to U.S. investors may affect the value of your investment. Our cash dividends, if any, will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China If we are classified as a resident enterprise of China under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, we and our non-PRC shareholders could be subject to unfavorable tax consequences, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Purchase of Equity Securities None. Item 6. [Reserved]. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 together with notes thereto. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited, to those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Overview We are a U.S. holding company primarily operating through our wholly owned subsidiary, Platinum. Platinum is not a Chinese operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company which in turn operates in China through its subsidiaries and contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing, the Chinese operating company. None of our Company, Platinum, or Platinum HK, each as a holding company, conducts any day-to-day business operations in China. Yubo Beijing is a technology company focused on the research and development and application of endometrial stem cells. Yubo Beijing is committed to building the first public endometrial stem cell repository in the world. Yubo Beijing offers its products and services under the brand VIVCELL. Yubo Beijing s product offerings include healthcare products for respiratory system, skincare products, hair care products, healthy beverages and male and female personal care products. Yubo Beijing also offers stem cell related services including cell testing and health management consulting services. 35 Table of Contents Key factors affecting our results of operations include revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses and income and taxation. Critical Accounting Policy and Estimates Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section discusses our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to accrued expenses, financing operations, and contingencies and litigation. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our financial statements include estimates as to the appropriate carrying value of certain assets and liabilities which are not readily apparent from other sources. We consider certain accounting policies related to fair value measurements and earnings per share to be critical accounting policies that require the use of significant judgments and estimates relating to matters that are inherently uncertain and may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include our accounts, our wholly owned subsidiaries, and its consolidated VIE for which we are the primary beneficiary. All transactions and balances among us, our subsidiaries and consolidated VIE have been eliminated upon consolidation. See Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Leases We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, operating lease liabilities - current, and operating lease liabilities - noncurrent on the balance sheets. The initial lease liability is equal to the future fixed minimum lease payments discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, on a secured basis. The initial measurement of the right-of-use asset is equal to the initial lease liability plus any initial direct costs. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Revenue Recognition We derive our revenue from the sale of nebulizers containing frozen tubes with medical fluid, which are sold as one unit to our customers, and cell basidiomycetes compound drink, which was launched in early 2021. Our nebulizers and cell basidiomycetes compound drink have a shelf life of 12 months and 18 months, respectively, if kept under regular room temperature. The nebulizers are sold directly to consumers on our online e-commerce platform. We recognize product revenues from customers following a five-step model, which requires us to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contracts and includes (1) identifying the contracts or agreements with a customer, (2) identifying our performance obligations in the contract or agreement, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations, and (5) recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied, which occurs when our products are delivered to customers. We do not allow sales returns or exchanges. Revenue is recorded net of value-added tax VAT ). 36 Table of Contents Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02) Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. Results of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Sales Yubo Beijing s sales were 104,283 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,244,373 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in sales was due to the decreases in sales of nebulizers by Yubo Beijing. One customer accounted for approximately 37 of the total sales of Yubo Beijing for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cost of Goods Sold The cost of goods sold was 51,631 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 423,726 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cost of goods sold was due to the decrease in sales of nebulizers by Yubo Beijing. Gross Profit Our gross profit was 52,652 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 820,647 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in gross profit was due to the decrease in sales of nebulizers by Yubo Beijing. Operating Expenses Our operating expenses were 1,205,223 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2,373,512 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our operating expenses decreased in 2022 primarily as result of decreases in occupancy expense and other operating expenses. Loss from Operations Our loss from operations was (1,205,223) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to (1,542,438) for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the decrease in operating expenses, as partially offset by the decrease in gross profit. Other Income Our other income was 229 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 427 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in other income was primarily due to decrease in interest income. 37 Table of Contents Net Loss Our net loss was (1,204,994) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to (1,542,438) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net loss was primarily due to the decrease in operating expenses, as partially offset by the decrease in gross profit. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents on hand of 18,220 and a negative working capital of (1,773,467). Generally, the primary sources of our funds have been cash from operations, loans from our shareholders and capital contributions. We believe that our cash on hand and working capital will be sufficient to meet our and Yubo Beijing s anticipated cash requirements through 2023. We intend to continue working toward identifying and obtaining new sources of financing and we intend to raise additional capital in 2024. No assurances can be given that we will be successful in obtaining additional financing in the future. Any future financing that we may obtain may cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. Any debt financing or other financing of securities senior to common stock that we are able to obtain will likely include financial and other covenants that will restrict our flexibility. Any failure to comply with these covenants would have a negative impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. On September 2, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with World Precision Medicine Technology Limited World Precision ), as further amended by an Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement, effective as of September 2, 2022, by and between us and World Precision (as amended, the Securities Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell and issue to World Precision an aggregate of 1,638,458 shares of Class A common stock at 0.50 per share, for gross proceeds of 819,229. Such proceeds were used to settle the entire outstanding principal balances and accrued interest, if any, of all of the loans between us, as borrower, and the World Precision, as lender, in an aggregate amount of 819,229. This offer and sale of shares of our Class A common stock have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-255805), which was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate portions of Yubo Beijing s operations, cease operations or obtain funds through arrangements with strategic partners or others that may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our assets. Accordingly, the inability to obtain such financing could result in a significant loss of ownership and/or control of our assets and could also adversely affect our ability to fund Yubo Beijing s continued operations and the expansion efforts. We expect to incur significant legal and accounting costs in connection with being a public company. We expect those fees will be significant and will continue to impact our liquidity. Those fees will be higher as our business volume and activity increases. Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities was 68,233 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash used in operating activities of (1,020,861) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and due to related parties. Net cash used in investing activities Net cash used in investing activities was 39,772 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 564,718 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to that no purchase of property or equipment was made in 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities Net cash provided by financing activities was nil for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 127,164 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to that no capital contribution was made in 2022. 38 Table of Contents Going Concern The audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 included an explanatory paragraph referring to our recurring operating losses and expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time and raise substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amount and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Current Liabilities As of December 31, 2022, Yubo Beijing received an aggregate amount of RMB3,173,791 (approximately 478,788 at an exchange rate of RMB6.6288=US 1.00 as of December 31, 2022) from eight PRC entities. The related verbal agreements provide for the eight entities to purchase inventory from Yubo Beijing or enter into such other arrangements with Yubo Beijing as the parties mutually agree. Pending formal approval of any such arrangements, all of the eight PRC entities have the right to request the return of their advances. We also had certain short-term borrowings from our directors totaling 1,113,617 as of December 31, 2022, respectively. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Contractual Obligations Our principal commitments consist of obligations under certain operating leases. The following table sets forth our principal commitments as of December 31, 2022: Payments due by period Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 4-5 years More than 5 years Operating lease obligations 832,803 419,062 413,741 The commitment amounts in the table above are associated with contracts that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms. The table above does not include obligations under agreements that we can cancel without a significant penalty. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as shareholder s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. 39 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID: F-1 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS F-2 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS F-3 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY F-4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS F-5 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-6 40 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Yubo International Biotech Limited Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Yubo International Biotech Limited (the Company and subsidiaries and variable interest entity (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s present financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 3. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. /s/ Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. Freeport, April 14, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. F-1 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Expressed in US Dollars) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Receivables Prepaid expenses Inventory Due from related parties Total Current Assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating leases right of use assets Lease security deposits Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses (including accounts payable and accrued expenses of VIE without recourse to the Company of and of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Advances from prospective customers/distributors (including advances from prospective customers/distributors of VIE without recourse to the Company of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Due to related parties (including due to related parties without recourse to the Company of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively) Operating lease liabilities current (including operating lease liabilities - current of VIE without recourse to the Company of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Total Current Liabilities Non-current liabilities Operating lease liabilities - non-current (including operating lease liability non- current of VIE without recourse to the Company of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders' Equity: Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized, none issued Common stock, Class A par value per share; authorized shares, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Common stock, Class B, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total Shareholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Expressed in US Dollars) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Sales Cost of Goods Sold Gross Profit Operating expenses: Sales commissions Employee compensation Occupancy Provision for doubtful accounts Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Other operating expenses Total Operating Expenses Income (loss) from operations Other Income (Expenses) Interest income (expense) Total Other Income (Expenses) Loss before Provision for Income Tax Provision for Income Tax Net loss Net loss per share basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Comprehensive income (loss) Net loss (1,204,994 (1,542,438 Foreign currency translation adjustment Total comprehensive income (loss) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statement. F-3 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Expressed in US Dollars) Common Stock Additional Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Class A Class B paid in Accumulated Income Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount capital Deficit (loss) Deficit BALANCE, December 31, 2020 Capital contribution to Yubo Beijing Reverse acquisitions of Yubo International Biotech Limited by Platinum International Biotech Co. Ltd. Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 (1,425,981 Foreign currency adjustment BALANCE, December 31, 2021 Conversion of World Precision debt Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 Foreign currency adjustment BALANCE, December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statement. F-4 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Expressed in US Dollars) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Write off of patent expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables Prepaid expense Inventory Due from related parties Lease security deposit Accounts payable and accrued expenses Customer deposits Advances from prospective customers/distributors Due to related parties Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of intangibles Purchases of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Capital Contributions to Yubo Beijing Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Income taxes paid Interest paid Non-cash Investing Activities: Settlement of due to related party in exchange for 1,638,458 shares of Class A common stock Operating lease right of use asset acquired The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 shares of its Class A common stock to the Selling Stockholders, who were then stockholders of Platinum (the Selling Stockholders ), in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Platinum (the Exchange Transaction ). As a result of the Exchange Transaction, the Selling Stockholders acquired more than of the Company s issued and outstanding capital stock, Platinum became the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, and the Company acquired the business and operations of Platinum and Yubo Beijing. Immediately prior to the Exchange Transaction, the Company had shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Immediately after the Exchange Transaction and the surrender and cancellation of shares held by Lina Liu, the controlling shareholder, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, the Company had shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Platinum was incorporated on April 7, 2020 under the laws of the Cayman Islands as a holding company. On May 4, 2020, Platinum incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary Platinum International Biotech (Hong Kong) Limited Platinum HK in Hong Kong. On September 4, 2020, Platinum HK incorporated a wholly foreign owned enterprise WFOE Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited Yubo Chengdu in Chengdu, China. On September 11, 2020, Yubo Chengdu entered into a series of Variable Interest Entity VIE agreements with the owners of Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited Yubo Beijing ). Pursuant to the VIE agreements, Yubo Beijing became Yubo Chengdu s contractually controlled affiliate. The purpose and effect of the VIE Agreements is to provide Yubo Chengdu with all management control and net profits earned by Yubo Beijing. Yubo Beijing was incorporated on June 14, 2016. For the year ended December 31, 2020 (commencing April 2020), Yubo Beijing sold approximately 850 nebulizers to customers in the People s Republic of China PRC ). In 2021 and 2022, Yubo Beijing sales also included sales of skincare products, hair care products, healthy beverages, and male and female personal care products. Upon executing the series of VIE agreements in September 2020, Yubo Beijing has been considered a Variable Interest Entity VIE of Yubo Chengdu, its primary beneficiary. Accordingly, Yubo Beijing has been consolidated under the guidance of FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810, Consolidation. The officers, directors, and controlling beneficial owners of Yubo Beijing from its inception on June 14, 2016 were also officers, directors, and controlling beneficial owners of Platinum. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements include Yubo Beijing s operations from its inception on June 14, 2016. On January 21, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, the Company formed two new wholly owned subsidiaries: Yubo Jingzhi Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co. Ltd. Yubo Jingzhi as a subsidiary of Yubo Beijing and Yubo Global Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co. Ltd Yubo Global as a subsidiary of Platinum HK. Yubo International Biotech Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and VIE are collectively referred to herein as the Company unless specific reference is made to an entity. F-6 Table of Contents Principles of Consolidation Incorporated in Platinum International Biotech Co. LTD Platinum Incorporated on A holding company owned by Yubo New York Platinum International Biotech (Hong Kong) Limited. Platinum HK Incorporated on A holding company owned by Platinum Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited Yubo Chengdu Incorporated on Subscribed capital of A holding company owned by Platinum HK Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited Yubo Beijing Incorporated on Subscribed capital of (RMB 10,000,000) Stem cell storage and bank Yubo Jingzhi Biotechnology (ChengDu) Co. Ltd. Yubo Jingzhi incorporated on owned by Yubo Beijing Yubo Global Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co. Ltd Yubo Global) incorporated on owned by Platinum HK On September 11, 2020, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Yubo Chengdu, entered into the following contractual arrangements with Yubo Beijing and the shareholders of Yubo Beijing (the Yubo Shareholders ), as applicable, each of which is enforceable and valid in accordance with the laws of the PRC: F-7 Table of Contents Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement Equity Pledge Agreement Financial Statements of Yubo Beijing (VIE) Receivables (net) Prepaid Expenses Inventory Due from related parties Property and equipment (net) Intangible assets (net) Operating lease right of use asset Lease security deposit Investment in Yubo Jingzhi (A) Receivables from other consolidated entities (A) Total assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Advances from prospective customers/distributors Due to related parties Operating lease liabilities Payables to other consolidated entities (A) Total liabilities Shareholders equity (A) Eliminated in consolidation. F-8 Table of Contents occupancy expense, depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and, other operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and except for occupancy expense and other operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, all revenues and expenses included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 represent revenues and expenses of Yubo Beijing. Foreign Currency Translation RMB for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021), assets and liabilities are translated at the current exchange rate at the end of the period RMB at December 31, 2022 and RMB at December 31, 2021), and equity is translated at historical exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustments are included in determining other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses, which were not significant for the periods presented, are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Inventories F-9 Table of Contents years Office equipment years Intangible Assets years Patents years Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Fair Value of Financial Instruments Leases F-10 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Advertising Costs Income Taxes Net Loss per Share F-11 Table of Contents Comprehensive Loss New Accounting Pronouncements and negative working capital of . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December, 2021, the Company had losses of and respectively. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about the ability of the company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. F-12 Table of Contents Oral liquid health products Beauty care products Soft drinks Other Total Inventory Total Due from Related Parties (1) Zhenhuikang is controlled by Beijing Zhenxigu Medical Research Center LP Zhenxigu ). Zhenxigu is controlled by Mr. Yulin Cao, a director and significant stockholder of Yubo Beijing. The due from related parties receivable is noninterest bearing and is due on demand. Construction in progress Air conditioning equipment Office equipment Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property and equipment, net F-13 Table of Contents and respectively. Experience center software Patents acquired from related party Total intangible assets Less: Accumulated amortization Intangible assets, net For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization of intangible assets expense was and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, the expected future amortization of intangible assets expense was: Year ending December 31, 2024 Year ending December 31, 2025 Year ending December 31, 2026 Thereafter Total . Effective March 1, 2021, Yubo Global executed a lease agreement with Chengdu Liangkang Investment Co. to rent approximately 6,960 square meters of laboratory space in Chengdu China. The lease provided for a lease term of years from March 1, 2021 to February 28, 2026. . Also in the fourth quarter of 2022, effective September 1, 2021, Yubo Jingzhi executed a lease agreement with Sichuan Anyi Hengke Tech Co., Ltd. to rent approximately square meters of laboratory space in the same building in Chengdu China as that relating to the terminated lease discussed in the preceding paragraph. . F-14 Table of Contents Year ending December 31, 2024 Year ending December 31, 2025 Year ending December 31, 2026 Total The operating lease liabilities totaling at December 31, 2022 as presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet represents the discounted (at a estimated incremental borrowing rate) value of the future lease payments of at December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, occupancy expense attributable to leases was and , respectively. Advancer 2 550,000 550,000 Advancer 3 500,000 500,000 Advancer 4 348,000 348,000 Advancer 5 50,000 50,000 Advancer 6 50,000 50,000 Advancer 7 31,012 31,012 Advancer 8 5,680 Advancer 9 31 31 Advancer 10 100,000 3,173,791 3,079,471 F-15 Table of Contents Mr. Yang Wang (2) Mr. Jun Wang (3) World Precision Medicine Technology Inc. (4) Total (1) Ms. Huang Li is a shareholder of Focus One Technology Group Limited Focus One ). Focus One owns of the issued and outstanding Class A common stock of the Company. (2) Mr. Yang Wang controls of the outstanding Class A common stock of Yubo New York and is a director of the Company and Yubo Beijing. (3) Mr. Jun Wang controls of the outstanding Class A common stock of Yubo New York and is the CEO of the Company and Yubo Beijing. (4) World Precision Medicine Technology Inc. is controlled by Mr. Cheung Ho Shun. Cheung Ho Shun purchased ordinary shares of Platinum (now shares of Yubo New York Class A common stock) on September 11, 2020 for cash. On September 2, 2022, World Precision Medicine Technology, Inc. was issued shares of Yubo New York Class A common stock in settlement of the Company s due to World Precision Medicine Technology, Inc. then balance of . The due to related parties payables are noninterest bearing and are due on demand. per share, shares authorized, none issued. Common Stock Class A par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Common Stock Class B par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. On January 14, 2021, Lina Liu, Company CFO, cancelled shares of Class A common stock acquired by her on October 2, 2020. On January 14, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock in connection with the acquisition of Platinum, as follows: F-16 Table of Contents CHINAONE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED (controlled by Mr. Yang Wang) BOAO BIOTECH LIMITED (controlled by Mr. Yulin Cao) FOCUS DRAW GROUP LIMITED (controlled by Ms. Lina Liu) FOCUSONE TECHNOLOGY GROUP LIMITED (controlled by Mr. Jin Wei) DRAGONCLOUD TECHNOLOGY LIMITED (Controlled by Mr. Yang Wang) CHEUNG HO SHUN TOTAL On September 2, 2022, the Company issued shares of its class A Common stock to World Precision Medicine Technology, Inc. World Precision in settlement of a liability due to World Precision. See Note 10 Due to Related Parties above. Platinum International Biotech Co., LTD (Cayman Islands) Platinum Platinum has authorized ordinary shares with a par value of per share with shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. On April 7, 2020, Platinum issued a total of ordinary shares to six entities as follows: 2. Chinaone Technology Limited (controlled by Mr. Yang Wang) 3. Boao Biotech Limited (controlled by Mr. Yulin Cao) 4. Dragoncloud Technology Limited (controlled by Mr. Yang Wang) 5. Focus Draw Group Limited (controlled by Ms. Lina Liu) 6. Focusone Technology Group Limited (controlled by Mr. Jin Wei) Total On September 11, 2020, Platinum sold ordinary shares to Mr. Cheung Ho Shun for cash. On January 21, 2021, Yubo New York acquired all ordinary shares of Platinum outstanding. Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited Yubo Chengdu Yubo Chengdu has subscribed capital of which has not yet been paid by its shareholder. The subscribed capital is due for payment on January 1, 2040. Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited Yubo Beijing Yubo Beijing has subscribed capital of (RMB ), all of which have been paid by its shareholders as of December 31, 2021. F-17 Table of Contents at the current exchange rate at December 31, 2022). As of December 31, 2022, preparation of the stem cell harvesting packages has not yet commenced, no payments to Zhenhuikang have been made, and no expense or liability has been recorded. F-18 Table of Contents in a working capital loan. On November 24, 2021, April 14, 2022 and September 7, 2022, World Precision Medicine Technology, Inc. provided the Company additional loans of , , and , respectively. The three loans were due on demand and non-interest bearing. In September 2022, . See Note 10 Due to Related Parties and Note 11 Shareholders Equity above. . Platinum HK has had no taxable income or loss from May 4, 2020 (inception) to December 31, 2022. People s Republic of China Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited Yubo Chengdu ), Yubo Jingzhi Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co. LTD. Yubo Jingzhi ), Yubo Global Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co. Ltd Yubo Global and Yubo International Biotech (Beijing) Limited were incorporated in the PRC and are subject to PRC Enterprise Income Tax EIT on their taxable income in accordance with the relevant PRC income tax laws. On March 16, 2007, the National People s Congress enacted a new enterprise income tax law, which took effect on January 1, 2008. The law applies a uniform enterprise income tax rate to both foreign invested enterprises and domestic enterprises. Yubo Chengdu has had no taxable income or loss from September 4, 2020 (inception) to December 31, 2022. Yubo Beijing has had net losses of for the year ended December 31, 2019, for the year ended December 31, 2020, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Yubo Global had a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2021 and net income of for the year ended December 31, 2022. Yubo Jingzhi had a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2021 and a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2022. These losses can be carried forward for five years to reduce future years taxable income through year 2024 to year 2027. Based on management s present assessment, the Company has not yet determined it to be more likely than not that future utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards will be realized. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 The components of deferred tax assets were as follows: Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets, net F-19 Table of Contents Net loss of Platinum Increase in valuation allowance Other Provision for income taxes Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes The tax authority of the PRC government conducts periodic and ad hoc tax filing reviews on business enterprises operating in the PRC after those enterprises complete their relevant tax filings. Therefore, the Company s PRC entities tax filings results are subject to change and may lead to tax liabilities. ASC 740 requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a more-likely-than-not approach. The management evaluated the Company s tax positions and concluded that no liability for uncertainty in income taxes was necessary as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. at December 31, 2022). Accordingly, the Company has a concentration of credit risk from time to time relating to the uninsured part of bank deposits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to significant credit risk. Risks of Variable Interest Entity Structure Although the structure the Company has adopted is consistent with longstanding industry practice, and is commonly adopted by comparable companies in China, the PRC government may not agree that these arrangements comply with PRC licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future. There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations including those that govern the Company s contractual arrangements, which could limit the Company s ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. If the Company or its variable interest entity is found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws, rules or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits or approvals, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such violations or failures, including levying fines, revoking business and other licenses of the Company s variable interest entity, requiring the Company to discontinue or restrict its operations, restricting its right to collect revenue, requiring the Company to restructure its operations or taking other regulatory or enforcement actions against the Company. In addition, it is unclear what impact the PRC government actions would have on the Company and on its ability to consolidate the financial results of its variable interest entity in the consolidated financial statements, if the PRC government authorities were to find the Company s legal structure and contractual arrangements to be in violation of PRC laws, rules and regulations. If the imposition of any of these government actions causes the Company to lose its right to direct the activities of Yubo Beijing or the right to receive their economic benefits, the Company would no longer be able to consolidate Yubo Beijing. of total sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. F-20 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreement with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report (the Evaluation Date ), to ensure that information that we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. We believe that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Attestation Report As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide an attestation report by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting. 41 Table of Contents Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Internal Controls The Company s management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, do not expect that our Disclosure Controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 42 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The names and ages of our directors and executive officers, and their positions with us, as of the date hereof, are as follows: Name Age Positions with the Company Jun Wang 55 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Lina Liu 43 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director Yang Wang 43 Director Zhihui Bai 37 Director __________ Jun Wang. Mr. Wang was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer, President and Director in 2020. He continues to serve as President of Yubo from 2019 to present. From 2015 to 2019, Mr. Wang served as President of Borongtai Asset Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. He graduated with a Bachelor s degree from Tianjin Commercial University, Department of Business Management in 1989. In making the decision to appoint Mr. Wang to serve as a director, the Board considered, in addition to the criteria referred to above, his extensive marketing experience in the healthcare industry, current service as our Chief Executive Officer and his comprehensive knowledge of Yubo Beijing, its business and operations. Lina Liu. Ms. Liu was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary in 2020. She has served as Chief Financial Officer of Yubo from 2019 to present. From 2015 to 2019, she served as Chief Financial Officer of Borongtai Asset Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Additionally, she has over five years of experience working for Ernst Young. Ms. Liu graduated with a Master of Accounting from the Central University of Finance and Economics in 2007. Yang Wang. Mr. Wang was appointed as our Director in 2020. He has served as General Manager of Yubo from 2019 to present. From 2015 to 2019, Mr. Wang served as General Manager of Beijing Zunsheng Investment Consulting Co., Ltd. Additionally, he has worked for Horwath Financing Asia Limited, Mingli CHINA Growth Fund, Peking University Shangshuai Alumni Industry Investment Fund and Zhonsheng Capital Partners. He graduated with an MBA from New York Institute of Technology in 2014. Mr. Wang s experience in the capital markets and mergers and acquisitions were the primary qualifications that the Board considered in appointing him as a director of the Company. Zhihui Bai. Mr. Bai was appointed as our Director in 2020. He has served as General Manager of Beijing Zhenhuikang Biotech Co. LTD from 2015 to present. He graduated with a Master s degree from Sofia University in 2022. Mr. Bai s experience in the stem cell industry, including in product design, selection and production were the primary qualifications that the Board considered in appointing him as a director of the Company. Terms of Office The Company s directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of the Company s stockholders or until removed from office in accordance with the Company s bylaws and the provisions of the New York Business Corporation Law (the NYBCL ). The Company s directors hold office after the expiration of his or her term until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until he or she resigns or is removed in accordance with the Company s bylaws and the provisions of the NYBCL. The Company s officers are appointed by the Board and hold office until removed by the Board. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings No director, executive officer, significant employee or control person of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 43 Table of Contents Committees of the Board Our Board held no formal meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. All proceedings of the Board were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the NYBCL and the bylaws of our company, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. We do not presently have a policy regarding director attendance at meetings. We do not currently have standing audit, nominating or compensation committees, or committees performing similar functions. Due to the size of our Board, our Board believes that it is not necessary to have standing audit, nominating or compensation committees at this time because the functions of such committees are adequately performed by our Board. We do not have an audit, nominating or compensation committee charter as we do not currently have such committees. We do not have a policy for electing members to the Board. Audit Committee Our Board has not established a separate audit committee within the meaning of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Instead, the entire Board acts as the audit committee within the meaning of Section 3(a)(58)(B) of the Exchange Act and will continue to do so upon the appointment of the proposed directors until such time as a separate audit committee has been established. Code of Ethics The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics (the Code applicable to its employees and consultants. The Code is intended to comply with requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules. Copies of the Code may be obtained by stockholders, free of charge, by mailing a request to the Company s Secretary. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 delivered to us as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission, our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock timely filed all required reports pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. Nominations to the Board of Directors Our directors take a critical role in guiding our strategic direction and oversee the management of the Company. Board candidates are considered based upon various criteria, such as their broad-based business and professional skills and experiences, a global business and social perspective, concern for the long-term interests of the stockholders, diversity, and personal integrity and judgment. In addition, directors must have time available to devote to Board activities and to enhance their knowledge in the growing business. Accordingly, we seek to attract and retain highly qualified directors who have sufficient time to attend to their substantial duties and responsibilities to the Company. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Board will consider candidates suggested by stockholders. If a stockholder wishes to formally place a candidate s name in nomination, however, he or she must do so in accordance with the provisions of the Company s Bylaws. Suggestions for candidates to be evaluated by the proposed directors must be sent to the Board, c/o Yubo International Biotech Limited, room 105, building 5, 31 Xishiku Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, PRC. 44 Table of Contents Board Leadership Structure and Role on Risk Oversight Mr. Jun Wang currently serves as the Company s principal executive officer and a director. The Company determined this leadership structure was appropriate for the Company due to our small size and limited operations and resources. The Board will continue to evaluate the Company s leadership structure and modify as appropriate based on the size, resources and operations of the Company. Subsequent to the closing of the Exchange Transaction, it is anticipated that the Board will establish procedures to determine an appropriate role for the Board in the Company s risk oversight function. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No interlocking relationship exists between our Board or compensation committee of any other company, nor has any interlocking relationship existed in the past. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. Director Independence During the twelve-month ended December 31, 2022, we have one independent director, Zhihui Bai, on our board. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by applicable laws, rules, and listing standards including, without limitation, the standards for independent directors established by The New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the NASDAQ Stock Market, and the SEC. Subject to some exceptions, these standards generally provide that a director will not be independent if (a) the director is, or in the past three years has been, an employee of ours; (b) a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, an executive officer of ours; (c) the director or a member of the director s immediate family has received more than 120,000 per year in direct compensation from us other than for service as a director (or for a family member, as a non-executive employee); (d) the director or a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, employed in a professional capacity by our independent public accountants, or has worked for such firm in any capacity on our audit; (e) the director or a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, employed as an executive officer of a company where one of our executive officers serves on the compensation committee; or (f) the director or a member of the director s immediate family is an executive officer of a company that makes payments to, or receives payments from, us in an amount which, in any twelve-month period during the past. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Board Compensation Except as described under Employment Agreements below with respect to the employment agreement with Yang Wang, our director, we have no standard arrangement to compensate directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Directors are not paid for meetings attended. However, we intend to review and consider future proposals regarding board compensation. All travel and lodging expenses associated with corporate matters are reimbursed by us, if and when incurred. Executive Compensation Name and Principal Position Year Annual Salary US) Bonus US) Total US) Jun Wang, CEO and President 2022 14,482 57,929 72,411 2021 15,110 60,439 75,549 Lina Liu, CFO 2022 14,482 39,826 54,308 2021 15,110 41,552 56,662 Translated from RMB at an exchange rate of RMB6.6288=US 1.00 as of December 31, 2022. 45 Table of Contents None of our executive officers or directors received, nor do we have any arrangements to pay out, any bonus, stock awards, option awards, non-equity incentive plan compensation, or non-qualified deferred compensation. Employment Agreements The Company is party to employment agreements with Jun Wang, Yang Wang and Lina Liu, providing for monthly salaries of RMB8,000 (approximately 1,207 at an exchange rate of RMB6.6288=US 1.00 as of December 31, 2022), RMB8,800 (approximately 1,328 at an exchange rate of RMB6.6288=US 1.00 as of December 31, 2022) and RMB8,000 (approximately 1,207 at an exchange rate of RMB6.6288=US 1.00 as of December 31, 2022), respectively. Jun Wang s employment agreement commenced on December 1, 2019, and upon renewal in 2021, will terminate on November 30, 2023. Each of Yang Wang s and Lina Liu s employment agreements commenced on October 10, 2020, and upon renewal in 2021, will terminate on October 9, 2023. The employment agreements each provide for the Company to arrange social insurance, housing insurance and medical insurances for the executive officers and the termination by the Company or executive officer upon 30-day notice upon the occurrence of a limited number of circumstances. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Principal Shareholders The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date hereof. The table includes: each of our directors and named executive officers; all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and each person or entity known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Class of Common Stock (2) Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (3) Percentage of Total Voting Power (2)(3) Jun Wang (4) Class A 39,943,800 33.3 Yang Wang (4) Class A 19,211,400 16.0 Lina Liu (4) (5) Class A 9,101,400 7.6 Zhihui Bai (4) Class A - - All Executive Officers and Directors (as a group four (4) persons) Class A 68,256,600 56.9 5 and above Stockholders Jun Wang (6)(7) Class A 39,943,800 33.3 Yulin Cao (6)(8) Class A 24,967,800 20.8 Yang Wang (6)(9) Class A 19,211,400 16.0 Wei Jin (6)(10) Class A 11,524,500 9.6 Lina Liu (5)(6) Class A 9,101,400 7.6 Cheung Ho Shun (11) Class A 7,121,458 5.9 _____________ 46 Table of Contents The information presented in the table above and footnotes is based solely upon Schedules and Reports filed by the respective holders under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and certain representations furnished to us by executive officers and Board members and has not been otherwise independently verified by us. To the extent that any required holders have not filed timely reports on such Forms, we would not be in a position to know the current holdings of such persons. (1) All shares are beneficially owned and sole voting and investment power is held by the persons named, except as otherwise noted. (2) Class B common stock is entitled to five votes per share but is otherwise substantially identical to the Class A common stock, which has one vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is convertible into one share of Class A common stock. (3) Based upon 119,816,343 shares of Class A common stock and 4,447 shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of April 13, 2023. (4) The address for Messrs. Jun Wang, Yang Wang, Zhihui Bai and Lina Liu is c/o Yubo International Biotech Ltd., room 105, building 5, 31 Xishiku Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, PRC. (5 Represents the shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Focus Draw Group Limited. Ms. Lina Liu is the sole Director of Focus Draw Group Limited, and as such, Ms. Lina Liu may be deemed to have voting and investment power over such shares held by Focus Draw Group Limited. Ms. Lina Liu disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of her indirect pecuniary interest therein, if any, and this report shall not be deemed an admission that she is the beneficial owner of such securities for any purposes. (6) The address for FlyDragon International Limited, ChinaOne Technology Limited, Boao Biotech Limited, Focus Draw Group Limited and FocusOne Technology Group Limited is c/o Wickham s Cay II, P.O. Box 2221, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. (7) Represents the shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by FlyDragon International Limited. Mr. Jun Wang is the sole shareholder and sole director of FlyDragon International Limited, and as such, Mr. Jun Wang may be deemed to have voting and investment power over such shares held by FlyDragon International Limited. (8) Represents the shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Boao Biotech Limited. Mr. Yulin Cao is the sole Director of Boao Biotech Limited, and as such, Mr. Yulin Cao may be deemed to have voting and investment power over such shares held by Boao Biotech Limited. Mr. Yulin Cao disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of her indirect pecuniary interest therein, if any, and this report shall not be deemed an admission that he is the beneficial owner of such securities for any purposes. (9) Represents the shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by ChinaOne Technology Limited. Mr. Yang Wang is the sole shareholder and sole director of ChinaOne Technology Limited, and as such, Mr. Yang Wang may be deemed to have voting and investment power over such shares held by ChinaOne Technology Limited. (10) Represents the shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by FocusOne Technology Group Limited. Mr. Wei Jin is the sole Director of FocusOne Technology Group Limited, and as such, Mr. Wei Jin may be deemed to have voting and investment power over such shares held by FocusOne Technology Group Limited. Mr. Wei Jin disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of her indirect pecuniary interest therein, if any, and this report shall not be deemed an admission that he is the beneficial owner of such securities for any purposes. (11) Represents (i) 1,755,000 shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Mr. Cheung Ho Shun, and (ii) 5,366,458 shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by World Precision Medicine Technology Limited, a company organized under the laws of British Virgin Islands World Precision ), which is managed and controlled by Mr. Cheung Ho Shun. Mr. Cheung Ho Shun is the President of World Precision, and as such, Mr. Cheung Ho Shun is deemed to have sole voting and investment power over such shares held directly by World Precision. The address for Messr. Cheung Ho Shun is G/f 1/F 212, Wang Chau Village Extension Area, Ping Shan Yuan Long NT, Hong Kong. 47 Table of Contents As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any equity compensation plan set up for our officers, directors and employees, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Certain Relationships and Transactions Other than Ms. Lina Liu, who was our controlling shareholder prior to the closing of the Exchange Transaction, and who is currently our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, and the appointment of our directors and executive officers, none of our officers and directors have been involved in any material proceeding adverse to the Company or any transactions with the Company or any of its directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Although we have not adopted a Code of Ethics, we rely on our board to review related party transactions on an ongoing basis to prevent conflicts of interest. Our board reviews a transaction in light of the affiliations of the director, officer or employee and the affiliations of such person s immediate family. Transactions are presented to our board for approval before they are entered into or, if this is not possible, for ratification after the transaction has occurred. If our board finds that a conflict of interest exists, then it will determine the appropriate remedial action, if any. Our board approves or ratifies a transaction if it determines that the transaction is consistent with the best interests of the Company. These policies and procedures are not evidenced in writing. We intend to adopt a Code of Ethic in the next 12 months. Related Party Transactions Exchange Transaction On January 13, 2021, we entered into the Exchange Agreement. As a result of the Exchange Transaction, the shareholders of Platinum received 117,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock, representing approximately 99.00 of our Class A common stock, in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding common stock of Platinum. Mr. Jun Wang, our President, Chief Executive Officer and a director, Mr. Yang Wang, a director, Mr. Zhihui Bai, a director, and Ms. Lina Liu, our CFO, Treasurer and Secretary, were beneficial shareholders of Platinum prior to the Closing of the Exchange Transaction, through their ownership of Flydragon International Limited, Chinaone Technology Limited, Boao Biotech Limited and Focus Draw Group Limited as well as Focusone Technology Group Limited, each a company organized under the laws of British Virgin Islands, respectively. Accordingly, Mr. Jun Wang, Mr. Yang Wang, Mr. Zhihui Bai and Ms. Lina Liu were beneficial recipients of certain shares of our common stock issued in connection with the Exchange Transaction. In addition, our wholly owned subsidiary, Yubo Chengdu has entered into variable interest entity control agreements with Yubo Beijing. Mr. Jun Wang is the President of Yubo Beijing. Employment Agreements Each of Jun Wang, Yang Wang and Lina Liu has entered into Employment Agreements with Yubo Beijing, pursuant to which they will be compensated for their services provided to Yubo Beijing as executives. See Item 11. Executive Compensation Employment Agreements for more information. Research and Development Agreements Yubo Beijing entered into a Joint Research and Development Agreement with Beijing Zhengxigu on February 17, 2020, pursuant to which Yubo Beijing agreed to pay Beijing Zhenxigu RMB241,880 in connection with the research and development relating to the medical fluid used in the nebulizers Yubo Beijing sells to customers. Under this agreement, Beijing Zhenxigu authorized Yubo Beijing to be the nationwide exclusive distributor of such medical fluid for Platinum-branded nebulizers. After the filing of the application for the medical fluid, Beijing Zhenxigu shall continue to develop other application fields, and the parties shall continue cooperation in the form of entrustment or joint research and development. This agreement will terminate automatically upon the completion of the subject matters of the agreement. 48 Table of Contents Yubo Beijing entered into an Entrustment Technical Service Agreement with Beijing Zhenhuikang Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Zhenhuikang on February 27, 2020, entrusting Zhenhuikang to prepare, store and manage endometrial stem cell samples in connection with the operations of the stem cell bank in exchange for services fees paid by Yubo Beijing. Pursuant to the agreement, Yubo Beijing is responsible for supplying the endometrial stem cell samples and it may terminate the agreement at any time. The agreement was amended on July 2, 2020 to provides for a total fee of RMB 199,800 to be paid by Yubo Beijing to Zhenhuikang. As of December 31, 2022, Yubo Beijing has not commenced the collection of endometrial stem cell samples, and no payment has been made to Zhehuikang. Yubo Beijing entered into a Patent Transfer Agreement with Zhenhuikang on February 27, 2020, which agreement provided for the assignment of two patents owned by Zhenhuikang to Yubo Beijing for a total consideration of RMB140,000. Both of Zhenhuikang and Beijing Zhenxigu are controlled by Yulin Cao, a shareholder of Yubo Beijing and a director of Platinum. Shareholder Loans On May 11, 2021, we entered into a verbal loan agreement with World Precision Medicine Technology Inc. World Precision ), a company owned and controlled by Cheung Ho Shun, one of our existing shareholders, which provided us with a working capital loan in the principal amount of 670,000. On September 2, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with World Precision, as further amended by an Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement, effective as of September 2, 2022, by and between us and World Precision (as amended, the Securities Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell and issue to World Precision an aggregate of 1,638,458 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company, at 0.50 per share, for gross proceeds of 819,229. Such proceeds were used to settle the entire outstanding principal balances and accrued interest, if any, of all of the loans between us, as borrower, and the World Precision, as lender, in an aggregate amount of 819,229. As of December 31, 2022, we also had payables due to certain of our shareholders and directors, Mr. Yang Wang, in the amount of 417,609 and Mr. Jun Wang in the amount of 639,443, and to Mr. Huang Li, an indirect shareholder, in the amount of 56,565. All of our shareholder loans are due on demand and non-interest bearing. Other than as set forth above, none of our current officers or directors have been involved in any material proceeding adverse to the Company or any transactions with the Company or any of its directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. MTS served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table sets out the aggregate fees for professional audit services and other services rendered by MTS for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Audit Fees 30,000 30,000 Audit-Related Fees (1) Tax Fees (2) Other Fees (3) (1) Audit-related fees means the aggregate fees for due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions and attest services that are not required by statute or regulation. (2) Tax fees means the fees billed for tax compliance services, including the preparation of tax returns and tax consultations. (3) Other Fees means the fees paid for access to a proprietary accounting research tool provided by MTS. 49 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange, dated January 14, 2021(1) 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant, as amended (1) 3.2 Bylaws of Registrant (1) 10.1+ Lease Agreement, effective as of September 1, 2021, by and between Yubo Jingzhi and Sichuan Anyi Hengke Tech Co., Ltd. (English translation) 10.2 Supplementary Agreement to Exclusive Consulting Service Agreement, dated March 8, 2022, by and between Yubo International Biotech (Chengdu) Limited and Yubo Beijing (English Translation) (2) 10.3 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 2, 2022, by and between the Company and World Precision Medicine Technology Limited (3) 10.4 Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement, effective as of September 2, 2022, by and between the Company and World Precision Medicine Technology Limited (3) 10.5 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2022, by and among Focus Draw Group Limited, Yubo International Biotech Limited and World Precision Medicine Technology Limited (4) 10.6 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2022, by and among Focus Draw Group Limited, Yubo International Biotech Limited and Xu Xiuqun (4) 10.7 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2022, by and among DragonCloud Technology Limited, Yubo International Biotech Limited and Xu Xiuqun (4) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). __________________ + Certain portions of this exhibit containing personally identifiable information have been redacted. (1) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on January 14, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. (2) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Amendment No. 6 to Form S-1 filed by the Company with the SEC on April 20, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. (3) Filed as an exhibit to the Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on December 7, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. (4) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on November 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 50 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. YUBO INTERNATIONAL BIOTECH LIMITED Dated: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Jun Wang Jun Wang President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Jun Wang President, Chief Executive Officer and Director April 14, 2023 Jun Wang (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Lina Liu Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director April 14, 2023 Lina Liu (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Yang Wang Director April 14, 2023 Yang Wang /s/ Zhihui Bai Director April 14, 2023 Zhihui Bai 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 yubo_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 yubo_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) (as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) I, Jun Wang, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yubo International Biotech Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Jun Wang Name: Jun Wang Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 yubo_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 yubo_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) (as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) I, Lina Liu, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yubo International Biotech Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Lina Liu Name: Lina Liu Title: Treasurer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 yubo_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 yubo_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yubo International Biotech Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022, the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: (1) such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Yubo International Biotech Limited. Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Jun Wang Name: Jun Wang Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 yubo_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 yubo_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yubo International Biotech Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022, the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: (1) such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Yubo International Biotech Limited. Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Lina Liu Name: Lina Liu Title: Treasurer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-10.1>
 6
 yubo_ex101.htm
 LEASE AGREEMENT
 
 yubo_ex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 CERTAIN PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED Lease Contract Lessor (hereinafter referred to as Party A): Sichuan Anyi Hengke Technology Co., Ltd. Mailing Address: [ ] Business License Registration Number: [ ] Legal Representative: Haomiao He Tel.: [ ] Lessee (hereinafter referred to as Party B): Yubo Jingzhi Biotechnology (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. Mailing Address: [ ] Business License Registration No: [ ] Legal Representative: Jun Wang Tel.: [ ] Whereas: 1. Party A owns the ownership of the houses in No. 333, Section 1 of Furong Avenue, Yongning Town, Wenjiang District, Chengdu (i.e. Attached No. 101, No. 118, Building 9, Block A, Phase II, Sanyi Innovation Center) and has the right to rent out the houses in Attached No. 101, No. 118, Building 9, Block A, Phase II, Sanyi Innovation Center to others and obtain the corresponding income in accordance with the provisions of the law and their own will. 2. Party B is an independent legal person registered by the administrative department for industry and commerce and has the legal right to operate, with the capacity of civil rights and civil behavior. Upon payment of the rent and expenses payable by Party B to Party A as agreed hereunder, Party B shall have the right to independently and autonomously engage in lawful business activities in the leased premises in accordance with the agreed leased use. 1 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 3. Party B shall rent the house owned by Party A located at Attached No. 101, No. 118, Building 9, Block A, Phase II, Sanyi Innovation Center for business and office needs. Now, according to the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China and the provisions of relevant laws and regulations, on the basis of equality and voluntariness, Party A and Party B shall establish this contract regarding Party B's lease of Party A's housing. Article I Basic Information of the House 1. Party A leases to Party B the house inAttached No. 101, No. 118, Building 9, Block A, Phase II, Sanyi Innovation Center (hereinafter referred to as "the leased house" or "the house"), and the specific address on its house ownership certificate is: Attached No.118, Building 9, No. 333, Section 1 of Furong Avenue, Yongning Town, Wenjiang District, Chengdu 2. The measured building area of the house is 1282.34 m 2 . Article II Ownership Condition of the House Party A guarantees that it has the legal right to rent the house. Article III House Purposes 1. Party B promises to lease the house only for business and office use. Party B guarantees that it shall not change the use and structure of the house during the lease period without Party A's written permission. Party B shall be responsible for the relevant licenses and approval procedures to achieve the above purposes and shall bear the corresponding costs. At the same time, Party B shall have the legal qualification and administrative permit (if necessary) to engage in the corresponding business activities. Party B shall not refuse or delay the performance of its contractual obligations due to the obstacles of the above procedures. 2 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 2. Party B shall comply with national laws, regulations, relevant government policies and Party A's regulations on the management of leased houses to carry out business activities. Party B shall not engage in and change the use agreed in this contract without the written permission of Party A and before approval by relevant government departments as required. 3. All decorates inside and outside the leased house of Party B, including advertising, light boxes, signage, decoration, flags, posters, display of windows and shelves, etc. shall be approved in advance by the relevant government departments and fully comply with the regulations of the relevant management agencies. At the same time, Party B shall also obtain Party A's written permission before implementing the aforementioned actions outside the leased house. 4. Party B shall not use Party A's name or its public logo without the special written permission of Party A. Article IV Lease Term 1. The lease term of the house is 4.5 lease years (12 months as one year), i.e. the lease term starts from September 1, 2021 and ends on February 28, 2026. 2. Party B shall return the leased house within five working days after the termination of the contract upon the expiration of the lease term. 3. If Party B intends to continue the lease, it should submit a written request for renewal to Party A 90 days in advance and re-sign the lease contract after consultation with Party A upon the expiration of the lease term. If Party A repossesses the house and rents it to others, Party B shall enjoy the priority right to rent under the same conditions. Party B's right to renew the lease shall be regarded as abandoned if Party B fails to submit a written request to Party A for renewal of the lease within the aforementioned period and fails to sign a new lease contract within one month before the expiration of this contract due to Party B's cause. In such case, Party A shall have the right to rent the leased house agreed under this contract to any third party. Article V House Rent, Security Deposit and Payment Method 1. The amount of rent shall be calculated based on the actual measured floor area of the leased house. 3 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 2. The details of the lease charges of this contract are shown in the following table, and the rent is charged according to the following standards: Lease year Rent standard (Yuan / / month) Total annual lease cost (Yuan) Lease year 0.5 43 330,844 Lease year 0.5-1.5 43 661,687 Lease year 1.5-2.5 43 661,687 Lease year 2.5-3.5 45.58 701,389 Lease year 3.5-4.5 45.58 701,389 Remarks: The rent shall include the rent of the house lease, the usage fee of the attached facilities and equipment and VAT. However, it shall not include property management fees, energy costs arising from the operation of the facilities and equipment of the leased house, insurance costs of the leased house other than the property insurance of the building itself, or other costs related to the use of the leased house. 3. Payment mode of rent Rent is paid on a semi-annual basis. Party B shall pay to Party A the rent of the house in the payment cycle within fifteen working days before the start of each payment cycle. If the above date coincides with a legal holiday, it will be advanced accordingly. The date of payment of rent by Party B shall be the date of actual receipt of documents by Party A's bank. The designated account information of Party A is as follows: Opening bank: [ ] Account name: [ ] Account No.: [ ] 4 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 4. Security Deposit (1) Upon completion of this contract, Party B shall pay to Party A a lease deposit of RMB 110,281 (in capital letters: RMB One Hundred and Ten Thousand Two Hundred and Eighty One) to be used to ensure Party B's compliance with all the provisions of this contract. The security deposit is kept by Party A during the entire lease term. Party A doesn't need to pay Party B the interest on the deposit. Party B shall pay the deposit within 5 working days after signing this contract, and Party A shall issue a receipt voucher to Party B after collecting the deposit. (2) Return of the lease deposit: Without prejudice to Party A's other rights under this Agreement, Party A shall return and settle all amounts payable by Party B under this Agreement upon termination/cancellation or termination/cancellation in advance of this Agreement and Party B shall return the Leased Premises to Party A in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Special instructions: Party B has paid off the lease deposit to the developer Chengdu Liankang Investment Co., Ltd., business license registration number: [ ], and both parties acknowledge it. If the lease contract is terminated, the security deposit shall be returned to Party B by Chengdu Liankang Investment Co., Ltd. (3) Party A shall be entitled to set off such security deposit or any part thereof against any amount owed by Party B, or any other amount that Party A may require from Party B under the provisions of this Agreement, if Party B defaults on the payment of any amount due under this Agreement including but not limited to rent, property management fees and other charges in breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that Party A deducts such deposit or any part thereof in this way, Party B shall pay Party A a payment to make up such deposit within 15 days after receiving Party A's notice, and if it is overdue, for each day it is overdue, Party B shall pay Party A liquidated damages at the rate of 0.5 of the amount not made up, and if it is still not made up for more than 30 days, Party A shall have the right to terminate or cancel this contract, and Party B shall not object, and Party B shall compensate for the resulting loss. (4) If the amount of deposit is not sufficient to pay the above-mentioned amount, Party A shall also have the right to deal with it in accordance with Article X of the contract, and shall not affect Party A's other rights. 5 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 Article VI Other Expenses During the lease term, the costs associated with the lease of the premises shall be covered in the following manner: 1. Party B shall bear its own expenses including but not limited to water, electricity, communication, network usage, cable TV, etc. arising from the use of the house. The property service company shall collect the water and electricity bills on behalf of Party A. Party B shall pay the water and electricity bills within 5 working days after receiving the payment notice provided by the property service company, and Party B shall pay the other fees by itself. 2. The property service fee for the public area of the leased house shall be borne by Party B. 3. Other matters not specified shall be subject to the Preliminary Property Service Agreement signed between Party B and the property service company. 4. Taxes and fees arising from the lease of the house shall be handled by both parties in accordance with the regulations of the state and relevant departments. 5. During the lease term, Party B shall pay all the expenses related to the use of the house but not listed in this contract collected by relevant government departments. Article VII Responsibilities for House Decoration and Maintenance 1. Party B shall have the right to decorate the interior of the house with the written permission of Party A and increase the ancillary facilities and equipment, but shall not decorate the exterior walls or decorate. Party B shall submit for approval the decoration to the relevant departments in accordance with the regulations (Party B shall inform Party A in time if they need Party A's assistance) and shall submit the decoration plan in written form to Party A for approval within 15 days before the construction. After approval and agreement, it shall be prepared and stored by the designated property service company. If the decoration is not approved by Party A or if Party B does not carry out the decoration according to the decoration plan approved by Party A after approval by Party A, Party B shall be immediately responsible for repairing or restoring the original state within the period specified by Party A. If Party B refuses to repair, Party A shall have the right to hire a third party to repair and Party A shall have the right to deduct two times of the actual repair cost from the performance deposit, and Party B shall make up the shortfall separately, and Party B shall promise not to hold any objection. 6 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 2. If the house is damaged due to improper decoration, Party B shall be responsible for repairing it immediately within the period specified by Party A. If Party B refuses to repair, Party A shall have the right to hire a third party to repair and Party A shall have the right to deduct two times of the actual repair cost from the performance deposit, and Party B shall make up the shortfall separately, and Party B shall promise not to hold any objection. Party B shall ensure that the decoration of the leased premises conforms to the provisions of the "Regulations on Supervision and Administration of Fire Protection of Construction Projects" and other laws and regulations, and handle the fire protection design, completion and acceptance filing, opening fire safety inspection and other procedures by itself in accordance with the law. If the fire safety inspection is not carried out or the inspection does not meet the requirements for unauthorized use or operation resulting in fire safety accidents, Party B shall bear all responsibilities. 3. Party B owns the ownership of the additional facilities and equipment installed by Party B during the lease term. Confirmed by both parties that this contract is terminated or cancelled for whatever reason, Party B shall be free to dispose of the renovation and decoration without forming attachment, provided that Party B shall not damage Party A's house and its appurtenances when disposing of them by itself; If the attachment has been formed, the ownership shall belong to Party A. However, Party A shall compensate Party B for the decoration and adornment in accordance with the increased value, and if Party A requests demolition, Party B shall remove and restore the house to its original state as requested by Party A. 4. During the lease term, Party A shall guarantee that the house is in normal usable and safe condition during the warranty period (according to the relevant national standards). 7 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 5. During the warranty period, when finding the damage or fault of this house's main structure, Party B shall inform Party A for repair in time; Party A shall make repairs within 10 days after receiving Party B's notice. For the articles added by Party A in decoration and ornament, Party A shall not assume the repair obligations, but Party A shall minimize the influence on Party B's decoration and ornament. If Party A's failure to promptly repair results in any personal injury and property loss, Party A shall undertake the corresponding legal responsibilities. 6. Party B shall rationally use and cherish such house and its auxiliary facilities, and undertake the repair and maintenance obligations of the house and its auxiliary facilities except the main structure during the lease term. In case of finding the house and its auxiliary facilities are damaged or have fault (including the damage resulting from the natural loss, damage and manual reason of real estate and personal estate) during the lease period, Party B shall repair or replace them after immediately notifying Party A in writing, and shall assume all expenses; If Party B rejects the repair or replacement, Party A has the right to employ the third party to repair and has the right to deduct the actual repair cost from the performance security. The insufficient part shall be separately supplemented by Party B, without any objection. Party B shall undertake all legal liabilities and all economic liabilities of any personal injury and property loss resulting from the above reasons by itself. 7. If the fire disaster, etc. due to the reasons attributed to Party B causes the house is damaged, Party B shall rebuild the house to recover the original state. The rebuilding fees shall be assumed by Party B and the rental is still calculated during the rebuilding period. If Party B rejects to take measures, Party A has the right to rebuild by itself or employ the third party to rebuild, and the rebuilding fees shall be assumed by Party B. Party B agrees to pay on time as per the requirements of Party A and the deadline of construction contract concluded and signed by Party A and the third party. 8. Party B shall handle the disputes with the adjacent party due to the decoration and renovation, etc. or during the house usage period by itself, if such behavior causes Party B or the third party fails to operate normally, such result shall have nothing to do with Party A (except for the reasons attributed to Party A). 8 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 Article 8 Delivery and return of house 1. Delivery of house Party A has delivered the house to Party B on September 1, 2021, and Party B has no objection to the house delivery condition. Since the handover date, all legal liabilities and expenses resulting from the house lease shall be assumed by Party B; The legal liabilities and expenses resulting from the house lease shall be assumed by Party A. 2. Return of house (1) Party B shall return the house and its auxiliary facilities and equipment to Party A within 5 working days after the termination or cancellation of the contract and guarantee that they are at intact status and cleaning status for normal use. Both Party A and Party B, after acceptance and recognition, shall sign and stamp seal on House Delivery Schedule and hand over the house room key, then Party B is deemed to finish the house return. Besides, both Party A and Party B shall settle various respective expenses before returning house as per agreement. (2) When Party B returns house, both Party A and Party B shall carry out joint acceptance, and shall propose the objection to house facilities and equipment such as decoration, utensils, etc. on the site if any; It is difficult to detect and judge on the site, the objection party shall propose to the other party within 5 working days; If no objection is proposed beyond 5 working days, the acceptance is deemed to be qualified. (3) When returning the house, Party B shall voluntarily take back the office equipment and articles in the house. (4) After returning the house, for the articles left by Party B in the house for over 15 working days without the written consent of Party A, Party B is deemed to yield the ownership, and Party A has the right to voluntarily dispose the articles without undertaking any liabilities, and all expenses and loss resulting from Party A's voluntary disposal shall be assumed by Party B. 9 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 (5) Party B shall properly transact the cancellation or change procedures of industry and commerce, water and electricity, etc. with the house as registered address or business address upon the expiry of lease term of this contract or within 30 days after this contract is rescinded, revoked or void as confirmed. Otherwise, Party B shall pay 0.5 of the contract price that year to Party A as liquidated damages for every overdue day. Article 9 Sublease, transfer and exchange 1. Within the lease term, Party B shall not sublease the house. 2. Within the lease period, if the house ownership changes, Party A shall undertake that the transfer of property right doesn't affect the validity of this lease contract concluded and signed with Party B and is obliged to notify the new house owner of the lease fact. Article 10 Cancellation and termination of contract 1. Both Party A and Party B agree that, in case of one of the following circumstances within this contract term, this contract shall rescind automatically. Both parties shall not undertake liabilities mutually, and the rental shall be calculated as per the actual lease time. If the lease term is less than the whole month, the rental shall be calculated as per the number of days on the principle of refund for any overpayment or a supplemental payment for any deficiency; (1) The leased house is damaged, lost or identified as the dangerous building due to the reasons not attributed to both Party A and Party B or their employees and contractors. (2) The leased house and its auxiliary facilities are damaged severely due to the force majeure factor, and both parties agree that this contract couldn't be continuously fulfilled. Both parties hereby confirm the above force majeure refers to the earthquake, typhoon, flood and waterlogging disaster, other natural disasters, epidemic, emergent public health hazards, war, threat of war, riot and similar military action, lockdown, terrorist activities, civil commotion, the strike and slowdown of employees which are excluded in both parties hereto, other labor movements, energy shortage, or embargo and injunction of government. (3) Both parties need to rescind and terminate the contract through consensus. (4) The contract terminates automatically upon expiry. 10 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 2. Both Party A and Party B agree that under one of the following circumstances, the observant party could notify the default party to rescind this contract. The default party shall pay 2 times of one-month rental of the current year to the other party as liquidated damages; One party causes loss to the other party, and the paid liquidated damages are insufficient to offset the loss of the observant party, the difference between the caused loss and liquidated damages shall also be compensated: (1) Party A fails to deliver the house on time and still fails to deliver the house within 10 days after receiving Party B's written interpellation; (2) Party B pays the rental, property management fees, guarantee deposits and other expenses for over 30 overdue days; (3) Party B breaks the compulsory provisions as agreed in this contract and the relevant regulations of government, and fails to correct within 30 days after Party A sends out the written notice; (4) Party B is bankrupt or carries out the liquidation procedures, or the third party applies to the court for liquidating Party B and the court accepts such application; (5) Party B's estate in the leased house is seized or detained by the Judicial Department or Functional Department, and fails to be removed from the seizing or detaining within 30 days; (6) Party B arbitrarily changes the purpose of the leased house without the consent of Party A; (7) Party B works on the illegal activity or stores dangerous goods in the house, and the dangerous goods exclude the oils and chemical substances needed by Party B for operation; (8) The defects existing the leased house delivered by Party A endanger the safety and use of Party B; (9) The structure of leased house is damaged due to the reasons attributed to Party A or Party B; 11 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 (10) Party B arbitrarily decorates the house and adds the auxiliary facilities and equipment; (11) Party B completely or partially subleases the house without permission, disguises to sublease the house, underleases to others, exchanges the house or establishes branch as shareholder with others, or cooperates with others to provide the leased house to others for actual use, etc.; (12) Safety responsibility accident happens due to the reasons attributed to Party B, and Party B fails to finish rectifying as per requirements or arbitrarily operate again without rectification after the investigation of the relevant functional department of government; (13) Party B breaks the relevant laws and regulations or the regulations of the industry for unlicensed business, operation beyond the scope of business license, operation without industry business license or operation without other legitimate procedures; (14) Other requirements as agreed herein. If the above conditions happen, this contract shall rescind after the observant party delivers the notice of contract cancellation to the default party. If the default party has an objection to the written cancellation notice of the observant party, the default party shall propose objections within 30 days, otherwise, Party B is deemed to recognize the notice. 3. This Contract could be rescinded or terminated through consensus by Party A and Party B. 4. Upon the expiry of the lease term, this contract rescinds automatically. 5. If this contract rescinds/terminates regardless of any reason, Party B shall return the leased house as per the rational time stipulated by Party A. If Party B fails to return the leased house as per the time stipulated by Party B, Party A has the right to voluntarily take back the leased house as per the regulations of this contract and require Party B to undertake the default liabilities. 6. After the occurrence of default event, Party A continuing to collect rental or not doesn't affect the right of Party A to investigate the default liabilities for Party B. Party B's failure to pay enough rental or other expenses as per the regulations of this contract doesn't affect Party A's right of recourse for insufficient part of these rentals and expenses and also doesn't affect the right of Party B to take other indemnifying measures as per this contract and the relevant legal provisions. 12 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 Article 11 Default liabilities 1. Within the lease term, in case of needing to throw a lease in advance, Party B shall notify Party A in writing 30 days in advance and pay 2 times of the one-month rental amount of that year to Party A as the liquidated damages, as well as compensate the loss of Party A (including but not limited to the balance loss between the expenses of lease by Party A again and the reduced rental resulting from separate lease by Party A). 2. Within the lease term, in case of needing to take back house in advance, Party A shall notify Party B in writing 30 days in advance, pay 2 times of one-month rental amount of that year to Party B as compensation and compensate the loss of Party B, including but not limited to the foreseeable economic loss such as the balance resulting from separate lease and decoration of site by Party B, normal operating incomes, etc. 3. Within the lease term, in case of paying the rental in overdue period, Party B shall pay 0.5 of unpaid payables to Party A as liquidated damages for every overdue day; If the overdue period lasts for 30 days, Party A has the right to unconditionally rescind the contract. 4. After the contract is concluded and signed, Party A shall deliver the house on schedule. If Party B proposes objection to the punctual house delivery of Party A, Party A shall not be deemed to deliver goods in overdue period, but if such objection is established, the rental shall be calculated from the solving date of the objection. 5. If the lease term expires, or the contract terminates and rescinds in advance, Party B shall give back the house as per the agreement in Article 8 of this contract. If Party B returns the house in overdue period, Party B shall pay 0.5 of unpaid funds payable to Party A as liquidated damages for every overdue day, which shall be calculated every day. Besides, Party B shall undertake the loss of Party A resulting from the overdue return (including but not limited to the house occupation fees calculated as per 120 of original rental floating standard, the property management fees paid by Party A to the property company, the loss of Party A claimed by the third party, etc.), and Party A has the right to stop the energy supply and door lock replacement (the corresponding loss shall be voluntarily assumed by Party B). If the overdue period lasts for 15 days, Party B shall be deemed to waive the ownership of all properties in the house, and Party A has the right to voluntarily dispose the articles without undertaking any liabilities. 13 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 6. If Party A proposes objections when Party B returns the house and the objection isn't established, Party B shall not be deemed to deliver the house during overdue period, and the rental shall be calculated till the house delivery date proposed by Party B; If such objection is established, Party B is deemed to return the house during overdue period, and the return date shall be subject to the date when the objection is addressed. 7. If Party B decorates the house or adds auxiliary facilities without the written consent of Party A or beyond the scope and requirements consented by Party A in writing, Party A has the right to require Party B to recover the original state of the house and undertake 10 of the total contract amount as liquidated damages as well as compensate all losses of Party A. 8. If Party B or the third party suffers from the property loss or personal injury due to the reasons attributed to Party B during the lease term, or the disputes with the third party occur, Party A shall not assume any compensation liabilities, and Party B shall undertake all legal liabilities and all economic losses alone. For any loss or liabilities of Party A, Party A has the right to recover from Party B after undertaking the loss or liabilities. 9. Upon the expiry of the tenancy, if the house delivered by Party B fails to pass acceptance, the house shall be rectified within the time limit or shall be rectified by Party A, and the rectification fees shall be assumed by Party B. The overdue house delivery of Party B shall be subject to paragraph 5 of this article. 10. The loss of Party A or Party B under this contract includes, without limitation to all expenses paid by both parties such as litigation cost, preservation fees, attorney fees, investigation charges, notarial fees, travelling expenses, etc., all losses resulting from the criticism or punishment of the relevant department, and reputation loss of both parties, etc. 14 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 Article 12 Settlement method of contract disputes The disputes generated during the fulfilment of this contract shall be addressed by both parties through consultation; If the negotiation fails, both parties could file a lawsuit to the local People's Court of the house according to law. Article 13 Notice The following agreement shall be made by both parties in terms of files including various notices and protocols, etc. and the address for service and legal consequence upon the delivery of relevant documents and legal instruments upon this contract disputes: 1. Party A confirms that its effective delivery address is [ ], with receiver: [ ] and contact: [ ]. 2. Party B confirms that its effective delivery address is [ ], with receiver: Wang Yang and contact: [ ]. 3. The applicable scope of the above address for service includes various notices, agreements and other files during non-litigation of both parties and the delivery of relevant documents and legal instrument upon the occurrence of contract disputes, and also includes the first instance, second instance and retrial and executive program after the dispute enters arbitration and civil proceedings. 4. If one party changes the address, the party shall notify the other party of the change 30 days in advance (postponed in holidays and festivals), otherwise, the confirmed delivery address of both parties shall be still considered as the valid delivery address. For the reasons that the address provided or confirmed by the party is not accurate, or that the other party, court and parties involved are not notified promptly as per procedure after the change of delivery address, or the designated receiver rejects to sign sign-off, resulting in the failure of the legal documents to be received by the parties actually or to be mailed for delivery, the date of being returned shall be deemed the delivery date; if the legal documents are delivered directly, the date on which the process server records the situation on the receipt of delivery shall be deemed the delivery date; If the obligation of notification of change of the delivery address is fulfilled, the changed delivery address shall be the effective delivery address. For the delivery address clearly agreed in the contract by the above parties, the court could directly mail the documents for delivery. Even if the parties fail to receive the documents mailed by the court, the documents shall still be deemed to be delivered due to the agreement in the contract. 15 Contract No.: AYH-YBJZ-ZLHT-2021-01 5. After the dispute enters into the arbitration or civil proceedings, if the party involved responds to suits and submits the confirmation letter of the address for service to arbitral institution and court, and the address is different from the address for service as confirmed before the litigation, the address for service submitted to arbitration institution and court for confirmation shall prevail (the address for service shall be applicable to the service method and the legal consequences of service as specified in the above paragraph 3). Article 14 Other articles 1. This contract shall come into effect after both parties stamp the official seal. 2. For the uncovered matters in this contract, the supplementary contract shall be concluded upon consensus through negotiation by both Party A and Party B. The supplementary contract and its Appendix are the inseparable part of this contract. 3. This Contract, together with its Appendix, has 11 pages in total and is made in quadruplicate. Each party holds one copy with the same legal effect. Party A (signature or seal): Party B (signature or seal): [Legal representative]: /s/ Haomiao He [Legal representative]: /s/ Jun Wang [Entrusted agent] (signature or seal): [Entrusted agent] (signature or seal): Signed on: Signing date: 16 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 yubo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 yubo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 yubo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 yubo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

