<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230621_10-K_edgar_data_704562_0001683168-23-004329.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6643274</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>243339</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1208953</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1870965</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1385700</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1760228</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-004329.hdr.sgml : 20230621
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230621170051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-004329
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230621
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230621

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avid Bioservices, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000704562
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				953698422
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32839
		FILM NUMBER:		231030666

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14191 MYFORD ROAD
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92780
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714.508.6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14191 MYFORD ROAD
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92780

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECHNICLONE CORP/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970924

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECHNICLONE INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-004329.txt : 20230621

10-K
 1
 avid_i10k-043023.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 ________________________ 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the shares of common
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of October 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, was approximately million , calculated based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock
as reported by The NASDAQ Capital Market. 

shares of registrant s common
stock were outstanding as of June 9, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Part III of this report incorporates certain information
by reference from the registrant s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders, which proxy statement will be filed no
later than 120 days after the close of the registrant s fiscal year to which this report relates. 

AVID BIOSERVICES, INC. 

 Form 10-K 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 
 25 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 26 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 
 27 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 
 38 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosures 
 69 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls And Procedures 
 69 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 71 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 71 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers And Corporate Governance 
 72 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 72 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence 
 73 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 73 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits And Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 74 

SIGNATURES 
 78 

i 

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual
Report ), unless the context otherwise indicates, the terms we, us, our, Company 
and Avid refer to Avid Bioservices, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary. In addition to historical information, this
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and Section 21 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
that involve risks and uncertainties. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or
any other person that the objectives or plans will be achieved because our actual results may differ materially from any forward-looking
statement. The words may, should, plans, believe, anticipate, estimate, 
 expect, their opposites and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of
these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. We caution readers that such statements are not guarantees
of future performance or events and are subject to a number of factors that may tend to influence the accuracy of the statements including,
but not limited to, those risk factors outlined in the section titled, Risk Factors, as well as those discussed elsewhere
in this Annual Report. You should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual
Report. We undertake no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events after the date
of this Annual Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should, however, review the factors and risks we describe
in the reports that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC after the date of this Annual
Report. 

Avid Bioservices is a registered trademark
of Avid Bioservices, Inc. All other brand names or trademarks appearing in this Annual Report are the property of their respective holders. 

1 

PART
I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We are a dedicated contract development and manufacturing
organization CDMO that provides a comprehensive range of services from process development to Current Good Manufacturing
Practices CGMP clinical and commercial manufacturing of biologics for the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries.
With 30 years of experience producing biologics, our services include clinical and commercial drug substance manufacturing, bulk packaging,
release and stability testing and regulatory submissions support. We also provide a variety of process development services, including
upstream and downstream development and optimization, analytical method development, cell line development, testing and characterization. 

Business Strategy 

We continue to execute on a growth strategy that
seeks to align with the growth of the biopharmaceutical drug substance contract services market. That strategy encompasses the following
continuing objectives: 

Invest in additional manufacturing capacity, capabilities and resources required for us to achieve our
long-term growth strategy and meet the growth-demand of our customers programs, moving from development through to commercial manufacturing; 

Broaden our market awareness through a diversified yet flexible marketing strategy; 

Expand our customer base and programs with existing customers for both process development and manufacturing
service offerings; 

Explore and invest in strategic opportunities both within our core business as well as in adjacent and/or
synergistic service offerings in order to enhance and/or broaden our capabilities; and 

Increase operating profit margin to best in class industry standards. 

Our Competitive Strengths 

We believe that we are well positioned to address
the market for outsourced development and manufacturing of biopharmaceuticals derived from mammalian cell culture, due to the following
factors: 

Expertise in Mammalian Cell Culture Manufacturing : We believe that continued consolidation in the
CDMO industry has resulted in a limited number of qualified, agile and independent CDMOs with mammalian cell culture-based biologics development
and manufacturing capabilities. The mammalian cell culture production method is highly suitable for manufacturing complex molecules (examples
include monoclonal antibodies, next-generation antibodies and recombinant proteins), and we believe the benefits of the mammalian cell
culture production method have played a significant role in accelerating the proliferation of biologics therapies. We believe we are well
positioned in the industry, given our expertise in mammalian cell culture for biologics manufacturing. 

2 

Broad Spectrum of Services to Support Customers from Early Stage Development to Commercial : We
provide fully integrated and customized biomanufacturing services that support our customers from the early preclinical stage to commercial
launch and supply. We believe pharmaceutical companies generally prefer to engage with CDMOs that are able to work with a product throughout
its lifecycle and have long-standing track records of regulatory compliance and quality control. Our Process Development, CGMP Drug Substance
Biomanufacturing, Project Management, Quality Systems and Quality Control are all supported by modern facilities designed to meet customer
needs from early stage development to commercial supply. We differentiate our capabilities through several key criteria: (i) we employ
a customer-centric approach and collaborate with our customers to tailor customized development and manufacturing services; (ii) our agile
manufacturing and development capabilities allow for rapid responses to shifting production requirements, leading to strong customer satisfaction
and retention; and (iii) our single-use bioreactors contribute to enhanced manufacturing efficiency for our customers and reduce our
capital spending needs. 

Strong Regulatory Track Record : Historically, developing the expertise to comply with stringent
regulatory audits and validation requirements has been a challenge for both pharmaceutical companies and CDMOs, and has been seen as a
significant barrier to entry for many CDMOs, as facilities can take years to construct and properly validate. We believe pharmaceutical
companies place a premium on working with CDMOs that can ensure a high degree of regulatory compliance, which decreases execution risk.
We have a strong regulatory track record, consisting of a 20-year inspection history. Since 2005 we have successfully completed eight
pre-approval inspections, including six U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA inspections since 2013, none of which resulted
in any Form 483 observations by the FDA. Further, we routinely successfully comply with audits by large pharmaceutical companies. 

Modern and Optimized Infrastructure : With the recent expansion of our Myford facility and the ongoing
construction of our single purpose-built cell and gene therapy development and CGMP manufacturing facility, as further discussed below,
we continue to position our business to capitalize on increasing demand in the biologics manufacturing industry for modular cleanroom
space, onsite analytical and process development laboratories and single-use bioreactors. These developments have driven demand among
pharmaceutical companies for facilities that can develop and produce pilot scale batches (up to 200 liters) in process development using
a process train that matches the single-use bioreactors in CGMP production. With single-use bioreactors ranging from 200 to 2,000 liters,
our CGMP Myford facility offering more than 20,000 liters of total capacity is designed to provide our customers with the desired efficiency,
flexibility and capacity. 

Significant Manufacturing Experience with a Proven Track Record : We have 30 years of experience
producing monoclonal antibodies and recombinant proteins, over 18 years of CGMP commercial manufacturing experience and over 15 years
of experience with single-use bioreactor technology. We believe this experience, combined with our management team s and board of
directors deep experience in the CDMO and pharmaceutical industry, positions us to take advantage of positive long-term industry
trends. 

3 

Our Growth Strategy 

We believe we have a significant opportunity to
continue to drive organic growth by leveraging our strengths, broadening our capabilities, increasing our capacity and improving our market
visibility through the following strategies: 

Diversify Customer Base : We have diversified and expanded our customer base and have
 developed marketing and sales strategies designed to further diversify our customer base and drive new customer acquisitions, while
 also continuing to leverage our existing relationships to support new programs with our existing customers. 

Expand Service Offerings : We have invested in strategic opportunities to expand our service
 offerings. During fiscal 2022, we expanded our CDMO service offering into viral vector development and
 manufacturing services for the rapidly growing cell and gene therapy CGT market. In addition, during fiscal 2023, we
 added in-house cell line development services, further rounding out our mammalian cell offering. 

Expand Process Development Capabilities : We have expanded our process development
 capabilities in order to make our operations more attractive to emerging, mid-sized and large pharmaceutical companies. For example,
 during calendar year 2019 we expanded our total available process development and laboratory space, upgrading the infrastructure and
 equipment within our existing process development laboratories, and implementing new state-of-the-art technologies and equipment
 (including benchtop bioreactors and pilot scale manufacturing up to 200 liters) designed to facilitate efficient, high-throughput
 development of innovative upstream and downstream manufacturing processes that transfer directly into our CGMP manufacturing
 facility. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we further expanded the process development capacity of our mammalian cell culture
 services by adding new suites within our existing process development laboratory space that have the potential to increase our
 revenue generating capabilities by approximately 25 million. We will continue to explore the addition of capabilities and services
 that bring value to our customers, enhancing their processing design, speeding their time to market and supporting these activities
 with state-of-the-art analytics. 

Expand Manufacturing Footprint and Enhance Efficiencies : During fiscal 2021, we initiated a
 two-phased expansion of our Myford facility. The first phase, which expanded the production capacity of our
 Myford facility by adding an additional downstream processing suite, was completed in January 2022. The second
 phase, which was completed in March 2023, further expanded our capacity with the addition of a second manufacturing train,
 including both upstream and downstream processing suites. During fiscal 2022, we initiated the construction of a world-class, single
 purpose-built CGT development and CGMP manufacturing facility in Costa Mesa, California. In June 2022, we completed the first phase
 of our two-phase construction plan with the opening of our new analytical and process development laboratories. The second phase of
 construction is the build-out of CGMP manufacturing suites, which is expected to be online by the third quarter of calendar 2023.
 Upon completion of the entire build out of our CGT facility, we estimate that this expansion, combined with our existing facilities,
 which includes the recently completed Myford facility expansion, has the potential to bring our total annual revenue generating
 capacity to approximately 400 million, depending on the mix of projects. 

Increase Operating Margins : We believe we have the opportunity to drive operating margin expansion
by utilizing our available capacity, and implementing continuous process efficiencies. We believe increased facility capacity utilization
resulting from the growth strategies described herein will improve operating margins. 

Reinvest in Equipment and Facilities : We believe that re-investing in our laboratory and manufacturing
equipment and facilities is strategically important to meet future customer demand. For example, as discussed above, we recently completed
two mammalian cell capacity expansion projects and continue to advance the build-out of our CGT facility, which we believe will allow
us to meet the demands of our growing backlog of customer projects. 

4 

Explore Invest in Strategic Opportunities : We will evaluate potential synergistic strategic
opportunities, that we believe would add: 

o Capabilities/services to our existing biologics development and manufacturing offerings that enhance our
ability to provide our customers with more tailored and better solutions; and/or 
 
 o Adjacent capabilities/services to service other segments of the biologic s development and manufacturing
segment of the market, that we feel would value our experience, in particular our technical, commercial and regulatory experience, all
combined with a high touch, flexible and customer-centric level of service. 

Our Facilities 

Mammalian Cell Facilities 

Our 84,000 square foot Myford facility, located
in Orange County, California, utilizes single-use equipment up to the 2,000-liter manufacturing scale to accommodate a fully disposable
biomanufacturing process for products from clinical development to commercial supply. In April 2023, we announced the completion of our
newly expanded manufacturing capacity within the Myford facility which included the addition of both upstream and downstream CGMP manufacturing
suites. Our Myford facility includes single-use bioreactors (200-liter to 2,000-liter), four downstream processing suites, quality control
labs for environmental and analytical testing, and cell bank cryofreezers, warehousing and material storage (including walk-in cold rooms),
offering more than 20,000 liters of total capacity. 

Following the recent completion of our newly expanded
Myford facility, we transitioned customer products previously manufactured in our Franklin facility to our Myford facility. As a result,
our manufacturing services have fully transition to a single-use disposable platform. 

Our state-of-the art upstream, downstream and
pilot-scale development space is located on the same campus as our Myford facility. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we further
expanded the process development capacity of our mammalian cell culture services by adding new suites within our existing process development
laboratory space, which has doubled our total process development capacity. 

Cell and Gene Therapy Facility 

We have taken and continue to take steps to explore
and invest in strategic opportunities to expand our service offerings. During fiscal 2022, we commenced the expansion of our CDMO service
offering into viral vector development and manufacturing services for the rapidly growing CGT market. This expansion consists of a two-phased
approach to the construction of a world-class, single purpose-built CGT development and CGMP manufacturing facility in Costa Mesa, California
(the CGT Facility ). In June 2022, we completed the first phase with the opening of our new analytical and process development
laboratories. The second phase of construction includes the build-out of CGMP manufacturing suites, which are expected to be online by
the end of the third quarter of calendar 2023. 

Manufacturing and Raw Materials 

We manufacture CGMP pharmaceutical-grade products
for our customers. The process for manufacturing generally uses commercially available raw materials from multiple suppliers, and in some
instances, from a single source supplier. We rely on third parties to supply most of the necessary raw materials and supplies for the
products we manufacture on behalf of our customers and our inability to obtain such raw materials or supplies may adversely impact our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business for additional
discussion of raw materials supplied by third party vendors for the products we manufacture for our customers. 

5 

Regulatory Matters 

We have a strong and proven regulatory track
record, including 20 years of inspection history. To date, we have been audited and qualified by large and small domestic and
foreign biotechnology companies interested in the production of biologic material for clinical and commercial use. Additionally, we
have been audited by several regulatory agencies, including the FDA, the European Medicines Agency EMA ), the
Brazilian Health Surveillance Agency ANVISA ), the Canadian Health Authority Health Canada ), the
California Department of Health and the Australian Department of Health. 

We are required to comply with the regulatory
requirements of various local, state, national and international regulatory bodies having jurisdiction in the countries or localities
where we manufacture products or where our customers products are distributed. In particular, we are subject to laws and regulations
concerning research and development, testing, manufacturing processes, equipment and facilities, including compliance with CGMPs, labeling
and distribution, import and export, and product registration and listing. As a result, our facilities are subject to regulation by the
FDA, as well as regulatory bodies of other jurisdictions where our customers have marketing approval for their products including, but
not limited to, the EMA, ANVISA, Health Canada, and the Australian Department of Health. We are also required to comply with environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations, as discussed in Environmental and Safety Matters below. These regulatory requirements
impact many aspects of our operations, including manufacturing, developing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, import and export
and record keeping related to customers products. Noncompliance with any applicable regulatory requirements can result in government
refusal to approve facilities for manufacturing products or products for commercialization. 

Our customers products must undergo pre-clinical
and clinical evaluations relating to product safety and efficacy before they are approved as commercial therapeutic products. The regulatory
authorities having jurisdiction in the countries in which our customers intend to market their products may delay or put on hold clinical
trials, delay approval of a product or determine that the product is not approvable. The FDA or other regulatory agencies can delay approval
of a drug if our manufacturing facilities are not able to demonstrate compliance with CGMPs, pass other aspects of pre-approval inspections
(i.e., compliance with filed submissions) or properly scale up to produce commercial supplies. The FDA and comparable government authorities
having jurisdiction in the countries in which our customers intend to market their products have the authority to withdraw product approval
or suspend manufacturing if there are significant problems with raw materials or supplies, quality control and assurance or the product
is deemed adulterated or misbranded. If new legislation or regulations are enacted or existing legislation or regulations are amended
or are interpreted or enforced differently, we may be required to obtain additional approvals or operate according to different manufacturing
or operating standards or pay additional fees. This may require a change in our manufacturing techniques or additional capital investments
in our facilities. 

Environmental and Safety Matters 

Certain products manufactured by us involve the
use, storage and transportation of toxic and hazardous materials. Our operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations relating
to the storage, handling, emission, transportation and discharge of materials into the environment and the maintenance of safe working
conditions. We maintain environmental and industrial safety and health compliance programs and training at our facilities. 

Prevailing legislation tends to hold companies
primarily responsible for the proper disposal of their waste even after transfer to third party waste disposal facilities. Other future
developments, such as increasingly strict environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and enforcement policies, could result
in substantial costs and liabilities to us and could subject the handling, manufacture, use, reuse or disposal of substances or pollutants
at our facilities to more rigorous scrutiny than at present. 

6 

Intellectual Property 

We do not currently own any patents and do not
have any patent applications pending in the United States or any foreign countries. However, we have acquired and developed and continue
to acquire and develop knowledge and expertise know-how and trade secrets in the provision of process development and
manufacturing services. Our know-how and trade secrets may not be patentable, but they are valuable in that they enhance our ability to
provide high-quality services to our customers. We typically place restrictions in our agreements with third-parties, which contractually
restrict their right to use and disclose any of our proprietary technology with which they may be involved. In addition, we have internal
non-disclosure safeguards, including confidentiality agreements, with our employees. 

We also own trademarks to protect the names of
our services. Trademark protection continues in some countries as long as the trademark is used, and in other countries, as long as the
trademark is registered. Trademark registration is for fixed terms and can be renewed indefinitely. 

Segment Information 

Our business is organized into one reportable
operating segment, our contract manufacturing and development services segment. In
addition, we had no foreign-based operations and no long-lived assets located in foreign countries as of and for the fiscal years ended
April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Customers 

Revenues have historically been derived from a
small customer base. Although we continue to expand our customer base, we remain dependent on a limited number of customers for a substantial
majority of our revenues. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we derived approximately 65 , 60 and 76 of our revenues
from our top three customers, respectively. The loss of, or a significant reduction of business from, any of our primary customers could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional financial information regarding our customer
concentration. 

Seasonality 

Our business is not subject to seasonality. However,
the timing of customer orders, the scale, scope, mix, and the duration of our fulfillment of such customer orders can result in variability
in our periodic revenues. 

Backlog 

Our backlog represents, as of a point in
time, expected future revenue from work not yet completed under signed contracts. As of April 30, 2023, our backlog was
approximately 191 million, a 25 increase as compared to approximately 153 million as of April 30, 2022. While we anticipate a
significant amount of our backlog will be recognized over the next five (5) fiscal quarters, our backlog is subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: the risk that a customer timely cancels its commitments prior to our
initiation of services, in which case we may be required to refund some or all of the amounts paid to us in advance under those
canceled commitments; the risk that a customer may experience delays in its program(s) or otherwise, which could result in the
postponement of anticipated services; the risk that we may not successfully execute on all customer projects; and the risk that
commencement of customer projects may be postponed due to supply chain delays, any of which could have a negative impact on our
liquidity, reported backlog and future revenues and profitability. 

7 

Competition 

Our competition in the CDMO market includes a
number of full-service contract manufacturers and large pharmaceutical companies that have the ability to insource manufacturing. Also,
some pharmaceutical companies have been seeking to divest all or portions of their manufacturing capacity, and any such divested assets
may be acquired by our competitors. Some of our significantly larger and global competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing,
technical and other resources than we do. Moreover, additional competition may emerge and may, among other things, create downward pricing
pressure, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

Human Capital 

As of April 30,
2023, we had 365 employees. All of our employees are based in Orange County, California, with the exception of a small number of
employees primarily within our sales, marketing and supply chain functions who are located in various other states. None of our
employees are represented by labor unions or are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with respect to their employment. We
have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

We consider talent acquisition,
development, engagement and retention a key driver to our business success and are committed to developing a comprehensive, cohesive and
positive company culture focused on quality and a commitment to the safety and health of our employees, customers and the general public.
We accomplish these initiatives through the following: 

Talent Acquisition
and Retention 

We are dedicated to
attracting and retaining exceptional talent, recognizing their vital contribution to our success. In a highly competitive employment market,
particularly for science, technology, engineering and math STEM skills, our talent acquisition team employs a comprehensive
approach. We embrace alternative degree paths, establish collaborative relationships with organizations, schools, and universities, and
have launched an internship program to build a pipeline of early-career talent. 

Total Rewards 

We have implemented a
total rewards program which we believe allows us to compete for top talent in the Southern California market. Our total rewards philosophy
has been to create investment in our workforce by offering competitive compensation and benefits package. We provide all full-time employees
with compensation packages that include base salary, annual discretionary incentive bonuses, and long-term equity awards. We also offer
comprehensive employee benefits, including life, disability, and health insurance (including medical, dental and vision), dependent care
and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, leaves (including medical, maternity and paternity leaves), Employee Stock Purchase Program,
a 401(k) plan with a company match and educational assistance. It is our expressed intent to be an employer of choice in our industry
by providing market-competitive compensation and benefits package. 

Health, Safety,
and Wellness 

The health, safety, and
wellness of our employees is a priority in which we have always invested and will continue to do so. We provide our employees and their
families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible, and convenient health and wellness programs. Program benefits are intended
to provide protection and security, so employees can have peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from work or that
may impact their financial well-being. 

8 

Diversity, Equity,
and Inclusion 

We believe a diverse
workforce is critical to our success and we are fundamentally committed to creating and maintaining a work environment in which employees
are treated fairly, with dignity, decency, respect and in accordance with all applicable laws. We strive to create a professional work
environment that is free from all forms of harassment, discrimination and bullying in the workplace, including sexual harassment and any
form of retaliation. We are an equal opportunity employer and we strive to administer all human resources actions and policies without
regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification or expression,
past or present military or veteran status, marital status, familial status, or any other status protected by applicable law. Our management
team and employees are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical, and respectful conduct in the workplace. All employees must adhere
to a code of business conduct and ethics and our employee handbook, which combined, define standards for appropriate behavior and are
annually trained to help prevent, identify, report, and stop any type of discrimination and harassment. Our recruitment, hiring, development,
training, compensation, and advancement is based on qualifications, performance, skills, and experience without regard to gender, race,
or ethnicity. 

Training and Development 

We believe in encouraging
employees in becoming lifelong learners by providing ongoing learning and leadership training opportunities. As part of onboarding of
new employees, we provide comprehensive training regarding CGMP, environmental, health and safety practices, as well as job function specific
training. Many of these training programs are repeated annually and are supplemented by other periodic training programs to maintain and
improve employee awareness of safety and other issues. Several times per year we provide supervisory training to newly promoted, or soon
to be promoted employees, as well as sponsor more senior employees participation in external leadership programs. We listen to
the needs of our employees and employ appropriate training methods ranging from in-house, partnering with outside vendors, attending conferences
and networking events. Additionally, we applied for and received training funds through a State of California program supporting the biotechnology
industry through the development of future biotech workers. This program provides us with additional funds to help supplement our training
programs. 

We have a formal annual review process not only
to determine pay and equity adjustments tied to individual contributions, but to identify areas where training and development may be
needed. In addition, we strive to provide real-time recognition of employee performance, including through a web-based portal where employees
can be nominated for various levels of spot awards and accumulate points towards the purchase of gifts. 

Company Culture 

We are committed to instilling
a company culture that is focused on integrity, transparency, quality and respect. We expect our employees to observe the highest levels
of business ethics, integrity, mutual respect, tolerance and inclusivity. Our employee handbook and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
set forth policies reflecting these values and provide direction for registering complaints in the event of any violation of our policies.
We maintain an open door policy at all levels of our organization and any form of retaliation against an employee is strictly
prohibited. 

Employee Engagement 

We believe that in order to be successful, we
must build and maintain a relationship with our employees that focuses on transparency and listening to their recommendations. We proactively
communicate through all-employee meetings, department meetings, one-on-one meetings and check-ins. Employee input regarding our organizational
climate is solicited at least annually through a combination of internal and external surveys solicited from all employees. We routinely
use the information gathered in these processes to address identified key areas for improvement. 

9 

Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 

In fiscal 2022 we engaged a third-party consultant
to assist us with our establishment of a more formal environmental, social, governance ESG and sustainability program.
Working with the consultant, and under the oversight of our Corporate Governance Committee, we embarked on a comprehensive initiative
to assess, benchmark and prioritize our ESG and sustainability practices. In addition, our executive leadership team assembled
a working team to formally launch the first phase of this initiative focusing on sustainable procurement and other environmental initiatives,
including the engagement of EcoVadis, a leading global corporate social responsibility and sustainability company, to help us establish
and enhance processes supporting strong ESG practices throughout our supply chain. This arrangement provides an independent supplier assessment
against 21 criteria in categories of environment, labor and human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement. During fiscal 2023 we focused
on building our supplier procurement program with EcoVadis, ultimately onboarding more than 90 of our procurement spend with rated suppliers
in the EcoVadis program. As we continue to build our sustainable procurement program, we have also approved a supplier code of conduct,
which formalizes our commitment to build a network of suppliers consisting of ethical and reliable partners. In addition to our sustainable
procurement program, we have formalized an executive steering team to drive overall ESG initiatives and their associated workstreams for
our people, community and environment. 

Company Information 

We were originally incorporated in the State of
California in June 1981 and reincorporated in the State of Delaware in September 1996. Our principal executive offices are located
at 14191 Myford Road, Tustin, California, 92780 and our telephone number is (714) 508-6100. Our principal website address is www.avidbio.com .
The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Annual Report. 

Available Information 

This Annual Report, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our proxy statements, and all amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC
are available, free of charge, through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.avidbio.com as soon as reasonably
practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information on, or that can be accessed through,
our website is not part of this Annual Report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

You should carefully consider
the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our
consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, before making a decision to invest in our securities. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe
are not material, also may become important factors that affect us and impair our business operations. The occurrence of any of the events
or developments discussed in the risk factors below could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows and, in such case, our future prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

A significant portion of our revenues comes
from a limited number of customers. 

Our revenues have historically been derived from
a limited number of customers. Although we continue to expand our customer base, we remain dependent on a limited number of customers
for a substantial majority of our revenues. For example, for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we derived approximately
65 , 60 and 76 of our revenues from our top three customers, respectively. The loss of, or a significant reduction of business from,
any of our primary customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

10 

We generally do not have long-term customer
contracts and our backlog cannot be relied upon as a future indicator of revenues. 

We generally do not have long-term contracts with
our customers, and existing contracts and purchase commitments may be canceled under certain circumstances. As a result, we are exposed
to market and competitive price pressures on every order, and our agreements with customers do not provide assurance of future revenues.
Our customers are not required to make minimum purchases and, in certain circumstances, may cease using our services at any time without
penalty. Our backlog should not be relied on as a measure of anticipated demand or future revenue, because the orders constituting our
backlog may be subject to changes in delivery schedules or cancellation without significant penalty to the customer. Any reductions, cancellations
or deferrals in customer orders would negatively impact our business. 

We are making a significant investment by
expanding our CDMO service offering into the development and manufacture of viral vectors which will subject us to a number of risks and
uncertainties that could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 

Our expansion of our CDMO service offering into viral vector development and manufacturing services for the cell and gene therapy market
involves a number of risks that could adversely affect our operations and financial results, including the following risks: 

we may experience delays in the construction of the manufacturing facility, including delays in the receipt,
installation and/or validation of necessary equipment; 
 
 we may experience significant cost overruns associated with the construction of the facility; 
 
 our entry into a new service offering may distract our executive teams focus on our core mammalian
cell culture operations; 
 
 we may be unable to timely hire qualified individuals to manage and our viral vector operations; and 
 
 we may experience delays and other challenges engaging viral vector customers due to our lack of operating
experience in the viral vector market. 

In addition to the foregoing, we have commenced
a service offering that is currently dominated by a small number of larger organizations with established viral vector operations and
significantly greater financial resources with whom we may experience difficulties in competing for talent and customers. If we are unable
to manage these risks, our business and operating results could be materially harmed. 

We have made a significant capital investment in our
Myford facility in order to meet potential future mammalian cell culture development and manufacturing needs and, as a result, we depend
on the success of attracting new and retaining existing customers business. 

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we
completed the expansion of our Myford facility, which significantly expanded its production capacity. This expansion represents a
substantial investment in our manufacturing capabilities, and has resulted in a significant increase in our fixed costs. If we are
not able to utilize the additional capacity from this expansion, our margins could be adversely affected. Further, our future
revenues may not be sufficient to ensure the economical operation of this expanded capacity, in which case, our results of
operations could be adversely affected. 

11 

Our rapid growth during the past three fiscal
years may not be indicative of our future growth, and if we continue to grow rapidly, we may fail to manage our growth effectively. 

From the fiscal year ended April 30, 2020 through
the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, our revenues have increased from 59.7 million to 149.3 million, representing growth in revenues
of 150 over the three year period. We believe our ability to continue to experience revenue growth will depend on a number of factors,
including our ability to: 

complete the construction of our cell and gene therapy facility; 
 
 continue to expand our customer base, and identify and focus on additional development and manufacturing
opportunities with existing customers; 
 
 effectively compete with our competitors in the contract development and manufacturing sector; 
 
 continue to broaden our market awareness through a diversified, yet flexible, marketing strategy; and 
 
 selectively pursue complementary or adjacent service offerings, either organically or through acquisition. 

Moreover, we continue to expand our headcount
and operations. We grew from 227 employees as of April 30, 2020 to 365 employees as of April 30, 2023. We anticipate that we will continue
to expand our operations and headcount in the near term and beyond. This potential future growth could place a significant strain on our
management, administrative, operational and financial resources, company culture and infrastructure. Our success will depend in part on
our ability to manage this growth effectively while retaining personnel. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel,
we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. Failure
to effectively manage growth could result in difficulty or delays in adding new customers, maintaining our strong quality systems, declines
in quality or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, system failures, difficulties in introducing new features or solutions, the need
for more capital than we anticipate or other operational difficulties, and any of these difficulties could harm our business performance
and results of operations. 

We rely on third parties to supply most
of the necessary raw materials and supplies for the products we manufacture on behalf of our customers and our inability to obtain such
raw materials or supplies may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our operations require various raw materials,
including proprietary media, resins, buffers, and filters, in addition to numerous additional raw materials supplied primarily by third
parties. We or our customers specify the raw materials and other items required to manufacture their product and, in some cases, specify
the suppliers from whom we must purchase these raw materials. In certain instances, the raw materials and other items can only be supplied
by a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, a single source, or in limited quantities. If third-party suppliers do not supply
raw materials or other items on a timely basis, it may cause a manufacturing run to be delayed or canceled which would adversely impact
our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we do not have long-term supply contracts with any of our single source
suppliers. If we experience difficulties acquiring sufficient quantities of required materials or products from our existing suppliers,
or if our suppliers are found to be non-compliant with the FDA s quality system regulation, CGMPs or other applicable laws or regulations,
we would be required to find alternative suppliers. If our primary suppliers become unable or unwilling to perform, any resulting delays
or interruptions in the supply of raw materials required to support our manufacturing of CGMP pharmaceutical-grade products would ultimately
delay our manufacture of products for our customers, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating
results. Furthermore, third-party suppliers may fail to provide us with raw materials and other items that meet the qualifications and
specifications required by us or our customers. If third-party suppliers are not able to provide us with raw materials that meet our or
our customers specifications on a timely basis, we may be unable to manufacture their product or it could prevent us from delivering
products to our customers within required timeframes. Any such delay in delivering our products may create liability for us to our customers
for breach of contract or cause us to experience order cancellations and loss of customers. In the event that we manufacture products
with inferior quality components and raw materials, we may become subject to product liability claims caused by defective raw materials
or components from a third-party supplier or from a customer, or our customer may be required to recall its products from the market. 

12 

We, and certain of our customers may, maintain
cash at financial institutions, often in balances that exceed federally-insured limits. The failure of financial institutions could adversely
affect our access to to our funds, our ability to pay operational expenses or make other payments, and the ability of our customers to
pay us for our services. 

We, and certain of our customers may,
maintain cash in accounts that exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. If such
banking institutions were to fail, we and/or potentially certain of our customers could lose all or a portion of those amounts held
in excess of such insurance limitations. For example, the FDIC took control of Silicon Valley Bank on March 10, 2023. Although we
did not have any cash or cash equivalents at Silicon Valley Bank and the Federal Reserve subsequently announced that account holders
would be made whole, the FDIC may not make all account holders whole in the event of future bank failures. In addition, even if
account holders are ultimately made whole with respect to a future bank failure, account holders access to their accounts and
assets held in their accounts may be substantially delayed. Any material loss that we and/or our customers may experience in the
future or inability for a material time period to access our or their cash and cash equivalents could have an adverse effect on our
ability to pay our operational expenses or make other payments, and/or our customers ability to pay us for services rendered
(or may cause them to cancel scheduled services) which could adversely affect our business. 

All of our manufacturing facilities are
situated in Orange County, California, which increases our exposure to significant disruption to our business as a result of unforeseeable
developments in a single geographic area. 

We operate our manufacturing facilities in Orange
County, California. It is possible that we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production due to unforeseen catastrophic events
occurring in or around our facilities. It is also possible that operations could be disrupted due to other unforeseen circumstances such
as power outages, explosions, fires, floods, earthquakes or accidents. As a result, we may be unable to shift manufacturing capabilities
to alternate locations, accept materials from suppliers, meet customer shipment needs or address other severe consequences that may be
encountered, and we may suffer damage to our reputation. Our financial condition and results of our operations could be materially adversely
affected were such events to occur. 

Our manufacturing services are highly complex,
and if we are unable to provide quality and timely services to our customers, our business could suffer. 

The manufacturing services we offer are highly
complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. A failure of our quality control systems in our facilities could cause problems
to arise in connection with facility operations for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, viral contamination, failure
to follow specific manufacturing instructions, protocols and standard operating procedures, problems with raw materials or environmental
factors. Such problems could affect production of a single manufacturing run or a series of runs, requiring the destruction of products,
or could halt manufacturing operations altogether. In addition, our failure to meet required quality standards may result in our failure
to timely deliver products to our customers, which, in turn, could damage our reputation for quality and service. Any such incident could,
among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, reimbursement to customers for lost drug substance, damage to and possibly
termination of existing customer relationships, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses
with respect to other manufacturing runs. With respect to our commercial manufacturing, if problems are not discovered before the product
is released to the market, we may be subject to regulatory actions, including product recalls, product seizures, injunctions to halt manufacture
and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil sanctions, including monetary sanctions, and criminal actions. In addition, such
issues could subject us to litigation, the cost of which could be significant. 

If we do not enhance our existing, or introduce
new, service offerings in a timely manner, our offerings may become obsolete or noncompetitive over time, customers may not buy our offerings
and our revenues and profitability may decline. 

Demand for our manufacturing services may change
in ways that we may not anticipate due to evolving industry standards and customer needs that are increasingly sophisticated and varied,
as well as the introduction by others of new offerings and technologies that provide alternatives to our offerings. In the event we are
unable to offer or enhance our service offerings or expand our manufacturing infrastructure to accommodate requests from our customers
and potential customers, our offerings may become obsolete or noncompetitive over time, in which case our revenue and operating results
would suffer. For example, if we are unable to respond to changes in the nature or extent of the technological or other needs of our customers
through enhancing our offerings, our competition may develop offerings that are more competitive than ours, and we could find it more difficult
to renew or expand existing agreements or obtain new agreements. Potential innovations intended to facilitate enhanced or new offerings
generally will require a substantial capital investment before we can determine their commercial viability, and we may not have financial
resources sufficient to fund all desired innovations. Even if we succeed in creating enhanced or new offerings, however, they may still
fail to result in commercially successful offerings or may not produce revenue in excess of our costs of development, and they may be
rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of offerings embodying new technologies or features.
Finally, the marketplace may not accept our innovations due to, among other things, existing patterns of clinical practice, the need for
regulatory clearance and/or uncertainty over market access or government or third-party reimbursement. 

13 

If we use hazardous and biological materials
in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. 

Our contract manufacturing operations involve
the controlled use of hazardous materials and chemicals. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United
States governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous materials and chemicals. Although we believe that our
procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we may incur significant
additional costs to comply with applicable laws in the future. Also, even if we are in compliance with applicable laws, we cannot completely
eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from hazardous materials or chemicals. As a result of any such contamination or
injury, we may incur liability, or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business
operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our
resources. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations
may impair our contract manufacturing operations, which could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business, financial
condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected by pandemics or similar public health crises. 

Public health crises
such as pandemics or similar outbreaks may affect our operations and those of third parties on which we rely, including our customers
and suppliers. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be affected by: disruptions in our customers abilities
to fund, develop, or bring to market products as anticipated; delays in or disruptions to the conduct of clinical trials by our customers;
cancellations of contracts or confirmed orders from our customers; and inability, difficulty, or additional cost or delays in obtaining
key raw materials, components, and other supplies from our existing supply chain; among other factors caused by a public health crises. 

For example, the COVID-19
pandemic led to the implementation of various responses, including government-imposed quarantines, travel restrictions and other public
health safety measures. The extent to which future pandemics impact our operations and/or those of our customers and suppliers will depend
on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, including the duration or recurrence of outbreaks, potential future
government actions, new information that will emerge concerning the severity and impact of that pandemic and the actions to contain the
pandemic or address its impact in the short and long term, among others. 

The business disruptions
associated with a global pandemic could impact the business, product development priorities and operations of our customers and suppliers.
For example, disruptions in supply chains and disruptions to the operations of the FDA and other drug regulatory authorities, could result
in, among other things, delays of inspections, reviews, and approvals of our customers products, as well as the volume and timing
of orders from these customers. Such disruptions could result in delays in the development programs of our customers or impede the commercial
efforts for our customers approved products, resulting in potential reductions or delays in orders from our customers which could
have a material negative effect on our business in the future. 

Potential product liability claims, errors
and omissions claims in connection with services we perform and potential liability under indemnification agreements between us and our
officers and directors could adversely affect us. 

We manufacture products intended for use in humans.
These activities could expose us to risk of liability for personal injury or death to persons using such products. We seek to reduce our
potential liability through measures such as contractual indemnification provisions with customers (the scope of which may vary by customer,
and the performances of which are not secured) and insurance maintained by us and our customers. We could be materially adversely affected
if we are required to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with a claim that is outside the scope of the indemnification agreements,
if the indemnity, although applicable, is not performed in accordance with its terms or if our liabilities exceed the amount of applicable
insurance or indemnity. In addition, we could be held liable for errors and omissions in connection with the services we perform. Although
we currently maintain product liability and errors and omissions insurance with respect to these risks, such coverage may not be adequate
or continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. 

We also indemnify our officers and directors for
certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is serving at our request in such capacity. The maximum potential amount of
future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited. Although we have a director and officer
insurance policy that covers a portion of any potential exposure, we could be materially and adversely affected if we are required to
pay damages or incur legal costs in connection with a claim above such insurance limits. 

14 

Any claims beyond our insurance coverage
limits, or that are otherwise not covered by our insurance, may result in substantial costs and a reduction in our available capital resources. 

We maintain property insurance, employer s
liability insurance, product liability insurance, general liability insurance, business interruption insurance, and directors and
officers liability insurance, among others. Although we maintain what we believe to be adequate insurance coverage, potential claims
may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or may be excluded under the terms of the policy, which could cause an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results from operations. Generally, we would be at risk for the loss of inventory that is not within
customer specifications. These amounts could be significant. In addition, in the future we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance
coverage or we may be required to pay higher premiums and accept higher deductibles in order to secure adequate insurance coverage. 

Third parties may claim that our services
or our customer s products infringe on or misappropriate their intellectual property rights. 

Any claims that our services infringe the rights
of third parties, including claims arising from any of our customer engagements, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly
and may divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel. We may not prevail in such proceedings, given the
complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. If such proceedings result in an adverse outcome,
we could be required, among other things, to pay substantial damages, discontinue the use of the infringing technology, expend significant
resources to develop non-infringing technology, license such technology from the third party claiming infringement (which license may
not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all) and/or cease the manufacture, use or sale of the infringing processes or
offerings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

In addition, our customers products may
be subject to claims of intellectual property infringement and such claims could materially affect our business if their products cease
to be manufactured and they have to discontinue the use of the infringing technology which we may provide. Any of the foregoing could
affect our ability to compete or could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on key personnel and the loss
of key personnel could harm our business and results of operations. 

We depend on our ability to attract and retain
qualified scientific and technical employees, as well as a number of key executives. These employees may voluntarily terminate their employment
with us at any time. We may not be able to retain key personnel, or attract and retain additional qualified employees. We do not maintain
key-man or similar policies covering any of our senior management or key personnel. Our inability to attract and retain key personnel
would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We have federal and state net operating
loss, or NOL, carry forwards which could be used to offset/defer federal and state income taxes. Our ability to use such carry forwards
to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations related to changes in ownership of our stock and decisions by California
and other states to limit or suspend NOL carry forwards. 

As of April 30, 2023, we had federal and state
NOL carry forwards of approximately 442.4 million and 294.7 million, respectively. These NOL carry forwards could potentially be used
to offset certain future federal and state income tax liabilities. The federal net operating loss carry forwards generated prior to January
1, 2018 expire in fiscal years 2024 through 2038, unless previously utilized. The federal net operating loss generated after January 1,
2018 of 77.9 million can be carried forward indefinitely. Utilization of net operating losses generated subsequent to 2020 are limited
to 80 of future taxable income. However, utilization of NOL carry forwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation pursuant
to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as well as similar state provisions due to ownership changes that have
occurred previously or that could occur in the future. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382, results from transactions
increasing the ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 percentage points over
a three-year period. A Section 382 analysis has been completed through the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, which it was determined that
no such change in ownership had occurred. However, ownership changes occurring subsequent to April 30, 2022 may impact the utilization
of our NOL carry forwards and other tax attributes. Additionally, states may impose other limitations on the use of state NOL carry forwards.
Any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of the carry forwards before utilization. If we were not able to utilize our carry
forwards, we would be required to use our cash resources to pay taxes that would otherwise have been offset, thereby reducing our liquidity. 

15 

We have recorded significant deferred tax
assets, and we might never realize their full value, which would result in a charge against our earnings. 

As of April 30, 2023, we had deferred tax assets
of 113.6 million. Realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon our generating sufficient taxable income in future years
to realize the tax benefit from those assets. Deferred tax assets are reviewed on a periodic basis for realizability. A charge against
our earnings would result if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset
will not be realized beyond our existing valuation allowance, if any. This could be caused by, among other things, deterioration in performance,
adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of or affect
the services provided by our business and a variety of other factors. 

If a deferred tax asset net of our valuation allowance,
if any, was determined to be not realizable in a future period, the charge to earnings would be recognized as an expense in our results
of operations in the period the determination is made. Additionally, if we are unable to utilize our deferred tax assets, our cash
flow available to fund operations could be adversely affected. Depending on future circumstances, it is possible that we might never
realize the full value of our deferred tax assets. Any future impairment charges related to a significant portion of our deferred tax
assets could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our effective tax rate may fluctuate,
and we may incur obligations in tax jurisdictions in excess of accrued amounts. 

Our effective tax rate is derived from a combination
of applicable tax rates in the various places that we operate. In preparing our financial statements, we estimate the amount of tax that
will become payable in each such place. Nevertheless, our effective tax rate may be different than experienced in the past due to numerous
factors, including the impact of stock-based compensation, changes in the mix of our profitability between tax jurisdictions, the results
of examinations and audits of our tax filings, our inability to secure or sustain acceptable agreements with tax authorities, changes
in accounting for income taxes and changes in tax laws. Any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly
different from previous periods or our current expectations and may result in tax obligations in excess of amounts accrued in our financial
statements. 

In addition, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022,
we determined, based on our facts and circumstances, that it was more likely than not that our deferred tax assets would be realized and,
as a result, we fully released our valuation allowance related to federal and state deferred tax assets. This resulted in a substantial
increase in our reported net income and our earnings per share compared to our operating results for fiscal 2022. As such, fiscal 2022
net income is not indicative of the actual or future profitability trend of our business. Starting in fiscal 2023, we
commenced recording income tax expense at an estimated tax rate that approximates statutory tax rates, which could result in a significant
reduction in our net income and net income per share. 

We may be subject to various litigation
claims and legal proceedings. 

We, as well as certain of our directors and officers,
may be subject to claims or lawsuits during the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome, these lawsuits may result in significant
legal fees and expenses and could divert management s time and other resources. If the claims contained in these lawsuits are successfully
asserted against us, we could be liable for damages and be required to alter or cease certain of our business practices. Any of these
outcomes could cause our business, financial performance and cash position to be negatively impacted. 

16 

We have become increasingly dependent on
information technology and any breakdown, interruption or breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or
interrupt the operation of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

We are increasingly dependent upon sophisticated
information technology systems and infrastructure in connection with the conduct of our business. We must constantly update our information
technology infrastructure and our various current information technology systems throughout the organization may not continue to meet
our current and future business needs. Furthermore, modification, upgrade or replacement of such systems may be costly. In addition, due
to the size and complexity of these systems, any breakdown, interruption, corruption or unauthorized access to or cyber-attack on these
systems could create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. While we attempt to take appropriate
security and cyber-security measures to protect our data and information technology systems and to prevent such breakdowns and unauthorized
breaches and cyber-attacks, these measures may not be successful and these breakdowns and breaches in, or attacks on, our systems and
data may not be prevented. Such breakdowns, breaches or attacks may cause business interruption and could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and could cause the market value of our shares of common stock
to decline, and we may suffer financial damage or other loss, including fines or criminal penalties because of lost or misappropriated
information. 

Increasing attention
to ESG matters may impact our business, financial results or stock price. 

Companies across all industries are facing increasing
scrutiny from stakeholders related to their ESG practices and disclosures, including
practices and disclosures related to climate change, diversity and inclusion and governance standards. Investor advocacy groups, certain
institutional investors, lenders, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and
disclosures and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. In addition,
government organizations are enhancing or advancing legal and regulatory requirements specific to ESG matters. The heightened stakeholder
focus on ESG issues related to our business requires the continuous monitoring of various and evolving laws, regulations, standards and
expectations and the associated reporting requirements. A failure to adequately meet stakeholder expectations may result in noncompliance,
the loss of business, reputational impacts, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract customers and an inability to attract and
retain top talent. In addition, our adoption of certain standards or mandated compliance to certain requirements could necessitate additional
investments that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We may seek to grow our business through
acquisitions of complementary businesses, and the failure to manage acquisitions, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business,
could harm our financial condition and operating results. 

From time to time, we may consider opportunities
to acquire other companies, products or technologies that may enhance our manufacturing capabilities, expand the breadth of our markets
or customer base, or advance our business strategies. Potential acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: problems assimilating
the acquired service offerings, products or technologies; issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, quality control and policies;
unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions; diversion of management s attention from our existing business; risks associated
with entering new markets in which we have limited or no experience; increased legal and accounting costs relating to the acquisitions
or compliance with regulatory matters; and unanticipated or undisclosed liabilities of any target. 

We have no current commitments with respect to
any acquisition. We do not know if we will be able to identify acquisitions we deem suitable, whether we will be able to successfully
complete any such acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired service
offerings, products or technologies. Our potential inability to integrate any acquired service offerings, products or technologies effectively
may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

17 

Risks Related to Our Customers 

The consumers of the products we manufacture
for our customers may significantly influence our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We depend on, and have no control over, consumer
demand for the products we manufacture for our customers. Consumer demand for our customers products could be adversely affected
by, among other things, delays in health regulatory approval, the inability of our customers to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of
their products, the loss of patent and other intellectual property rights protection, the emergence of competing or alternative products,
including generic drugs and the degree to which private and government payment subsidies for a particular product offset the cost to consumers
and changes in the marketing strategies for such products. Additionally, if the products we manufacture for our customers do not gain
market acceptance, our revenues and profitability may be adversely affected. 

We believe that continued changes to the healthcare
industry, including ongoing healthcare reform, adverse changes in government or private funding of healthcare products and services, legislation
or regulations governing the privacy of patient information or patient access to care, or the delivery, pricing or reimbursement of pharmaceuticals
and healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare industry participants to purchase fewer services from us or influence
the price that others are willing to pay for our services. Changes in the healthcare industry s pricing, selling, inventory, distribution
or supply policies or practices could also significantly reduce our revenue and profitability. 

If production volumes of key products that we
manufacture for our customers decline, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our customers failure to receive
or maintain regulatory approval for their product candidates could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. 

Our success depends upon the regulatory
approval of the products we manufacture. As such, if our customers experience a delay in, or a failure to receive, approval for any
of their product candidates or fail to maintain regulatory approval of their products, and we are not able to manufacture these
products, our revenue and profitability could be adversely affected. Additionally, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory
authority does not approve of our facilities for the manufacture of a customer product, or if it withdraws such approval in the
future, our customers may choose to identify alternative manufacturing facilities and/or relationships, which could significantly
impact our ability to expand our manufacturing capacity and capabilities and achieve profitability. 

We depend on spending and demand from our
customers for our contract manufacturing and development services and any reduction in spending or demand, whether due to a deterioration
in macroeconomic conditions or unfavorable research and development results, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and
profitability. 

The amount that our customers spend on the development
and manufacture of their products or product candidates, particularly the amount our customers choose to spend on outsourcing these services
to us, substantially impacts our revenue and profitability. During times of greater economic uncertainty, such as the biopharmaceutical
industry is currently experiencing, our smaller customers with products in earlier stages of development tend to be much more negatively
impacted due to the tightening of the access to capital. As a result, such earlier stage customers may be forced to delay or cancel our
services in an effort to conserve cash which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. In addition, the
outcomes of our customers research, development and marketing also significantly influence the amount that our customers choose
to spend on our services and offerings. Our customers determine the amounts that they will spend on our services based upon, among other
things, the clinical and market success of their products, available resources and their need to develop new products which, in turn,
depend upon a number of other factors, including their competitors research, development and product initiatives and the anticipated
market for any new products, as well as clinical and reimbursement scenarios for specific products and therapeutic areas. Further, increasing
consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry may impact such spending, particularly in the event that any of our customers choose to develop
or acquire integrated manufacturing operations. Any reduction in customer spending on biologics development and related services as a
result of these and other factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

18 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our customers proprietary information, we may be subject to claims. 

Many of the formulations used and processes developed
by us in the manufacture of our customers products are subject to trade secret protection, patents or other intellectual property
protections owned or licensed by such customer. While we make significant efforts to protect our customers proprietary and confidential
information, including requiring our employees to enter into agreements protecting such information, if any of our employees breach
the non-disclosure provisions in such agreements, or if our customers make claims that their proprietary information has been disclosed,
our reputation may suffer damage and we may become subject to legal proceedings that could require us to incur significant expense and
divert our management s time, attention and resources. 

Risks Related to the Industry in Which We Operate 

Failure to comply with existing and future
regulatory requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our industry is highly regulated. We are required
to comply with the regulatory requirements of various local, state, provincial, national and international regulatory bodies having jurisdiction
in the countries or localities in which we manufacture products or in which our customers products are distributed. In particular,
we are subject to laws and regulations concerning development, testing, manufacturing processes, equipment and facilities, including compliance
with CGMPs, import and export, and product registration and listing, among other things. As a result, most of our facilities are subject
to regulation by the FDA, as well as regulatory bodies of other jurisdictions where our customers have marketing approval for their products
including, but not limited to, the EMA, ANVISA and/or Health Canada, depending on the countries in which our customers market and sell
the products we manufacture on their behalf. As we expand our operations, we may be exposed to more complex and new regulatory and administrative
requirements and legal risks, any of which may require expertise in which we have little or no experience. It is possible that compliance
with new regulatory requirements could impose significant compliance costs on us. Such costs could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

These regulatory requirements impact many aspects
of our operations, including manufacturing, developing, storage, distribution, import and export and record keeping related to customers 
products. Noncompliance with any applicable regulatory requirements can result in government refusal to approve: (i) facilities for testing
or manufacturing products or (ii) products for commercialization. The FDA and other regulatory agencies can delay, limit or deny approval
for many reasons, including: 

changes to the regulatory approval process, including new data requirements for product candidates in
those jurisdictions, including the United States, in which our customers may be seeking approval; 
 
 that a customer s product candidate may not be deemed to be safe or effective; 
 
 the inability of the regulatory agency to provide timely responses as a result of its resource constraints;
and 
 
 that the manufacturing processes or facilities may not meet the applicable requirements. 

In addition, if new legislation or regulations
are enacted or existing legislation or regulations are amended or are interpreted or enforced differently, we may be required to obtain
additional approvals or operate according to different manufacturing or operating standards. This may require a change in our development
and manufacturing techniques or additional capital investments in our facilities. Any related costs may be significant. If we fail to
comply with applicable regulatory requirements in the future, then we may be subject to warning letters and/or civil or criminal penalties
and fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, restrictions on the import and export
of our products, debarment, exclusion, disgorgement of profits, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution and the loss of contracts
and resulting revenue losses. Inspections by regulatory authorities that identify any deficiencies could result in remedial actions, production
stoppages or facility closure, which would disrupt the manufacturing process and supply of product to our customers. In addition, such
failure to comply could expose us to contractual and product liability claims, including claims by customers for reimbursement for lost
or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients or recall or other corrective actions, the cost of which could be significant. 

19 

In addition, certain products we manufacture must
undergo pre-clinical and clinical evaluations relating to product safety and efficacy before they are approved as commercial therapeutic
products. The regulatory authorities having jurisdiction in the countries in which our customers intend to market their products may delay
or put on hold clinical trials or delay approval of a product or determine that the product is not approvable. The FDA or other regulatory
agencies can delay approval of a drug if our manufacturing facility, including any newly commissioned facility, is not able to demonstrate
compliance with CGMPs, pass other aspects of pre-approval inspections or properly scale up to produce commercial supplies. The FDA and
comparable government authorities having jurisdiction in the countries in which we or our customers intend to market their products have
the authority to withdraw product approval or suspend manufacture if there are significant problems with raw materials or supplies, quality
control and assurance or the product we manufacture is adulterated or misbranded. If our manufacturing facilities and services are not
in compliance with FDA and comparable government authorities, we may be unable to obtain or maintain the necessary approvals to continue
manufacturing products for our customers, which would materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We operate in a highly competitive market
and competition may adversely affect our business. 

We operate in a market that is highly competitive.
Our competition in the contract manufacturing market includes full-service contract manufacturers and large pharmaceutical companies offering
third-party manufacturing services to fill their excess capacity. We may also compete with the internal operations of those pharmaceutical
companies that choose to source their product offerings internally. In addition, most of our competitors may have substantially greater
financial, marketing, technical or other resources than we do. Moreover, additional competition may emerge, particularly in lower-cost
jurisdictions such as India and China, which could, among other things, result in a decrease in the fees paid for our services, which
may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common
Stock 

Our issuance of additional capital stock
pursuant to our stock incentive plan, or in connection with financings, acquisitions, or otherwise will dilute the interests of other
security holders and may depress the price of our common stock. 

We expect
to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards
to employees, directors and consultants under our stock incentive plan. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future.
As part of our growth strategy, we may seek to acquire companies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition. Any such
issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per
share value of our common stock to decline. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities, the new equity
securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. For example, if we elect to settle our conversion obligation under our
1.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 Convertible Notes in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and
shares of our common stock, the issuance of such common stock may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders and sales in the
public market could adversely affect prevailing market prices. 

Our highly volatile stock price may adversely
affect the liquidity of our common stock. 

The market price of our common stock has generally
been highly volatile and is likely to continue to be highly volatile. For instance, the market price of our common stock has ranged from
 5.08 to 34.51 per share over the last three fiscal years ended April 30, 2023. 

20 

The market price of our common stock may be significantly
impacted by many factors including the following: 

the loss of a significant customer; 
 
 significant changes in our financial results or that of our competitors, including our ability to continue
as a going concern; 
 
 the ability to meet our revenue guidance; 
 
 the offering and sale of shares of our common stock, either sold at market prices or at a discount under
an equity transaction; 
 
 significant changes in our capital structure; 
 
 published reports by securities analysts; 
 
 actual or purported short squeeze trading activity; 
 
 announcements of partnering transactions, joint ventures, strategic alliances, and any other transaction
that involves the development, sale or use of our technologies or competitive technologies; 
 
 regulatory developments, including possible delays in the regulatory approval of our customers 
products which we manufacture; 
 
 outcomes of significant litigation, disputes and other legal or regulatory proceedings; 
 
 general stock trends in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry sectors; 
 
 public concerns as to the safety and effectiveness of the products we manufacture; 
 
 economic trends and other external factors including, but not limited to, interest rate fluctuations,
economic recession, inflation, foreign market trends, national crisis, and disasters; and 
 
 healthcare reimbursement reform and cost-containment measures implemented
by government agencies. 

These and other external factors have caused and
may continue to cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors
from readily selling their shares of our common stock, and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our certificate
of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, the Indenture, as well as provisions of Delaware law could prevent or delay a change in
control of our company, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation
and amended and restated bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company, even
if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. These include: authorizing the issuance of blank check 
preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt;
no provision for the use of cumulative voting for the election of directors; limiting the ability of stockholders to call special meetings;
requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders (i.e. no provision for stockholder action by written consent);
and establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can
be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 

Further,
in connection with our Convertible Notes issuances, we entered into an indenture dated as of March 12, 2021 as amended by a first supplemental
indenture dated April 30, 2021 (as amended or supplemented, the Indenture with U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.
Certain provisions in the Indenture could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire us. For example, if a
takeover would constitute a fundamental change, holders of the Convertible Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their
Convertible Notes in cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, we may be required to increase the
conversion rate for holders who convert their Convertible Notes in connection with such takeover. In either case, and in other cases,
our obligations under the Convertible Notes and the Indenture could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third
party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management. 

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law prohibits us, except under specified circumstances, from engaging in any mergers, significant sales of stock or assets
or business combinations with any stockholder or group of stockholders who owns at least 15 of our common stock. 

21 

Our amended and restated bylaws
provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us
and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or
our directors, officers or employees. 

Our amended and restated bylaws provide
that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum
for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our
directors, officers, or other employees to us, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General
Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity
of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs
doctrine. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds
favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our
directors, officers and other employees. 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our
common stock, so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend
on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings, if any, for the development, operation and expansion
of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will
therefore be limited to the appreciation of the trading price of our common stock. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research reports about us, or if they issue adverse opinions about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The research and reports that
industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business will influence the market for our common stock. If one or more analysts
who cover us issues an adverse opinion about us, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases research
coverage of us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets which, in turn, could cause
our stock price or trading volume to decline. Further, if we fail to meet the market expectations of analysts who follow our stock, our
stock price likely would decline. 

Risks Related to Our
Outstanding Convertible Notes 

We may not have
sufficient cash flow from our business to make payments on our significant debt when due, and we may incur additional indebtedness in
the future. 

In March 2021, we
issued the Convertible Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
We may be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness.
Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal and to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the
Convertible Notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond
our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and
make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more
alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or
highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such
time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result
in a default on our debt obligations. 

22 

In addition, we may incur
substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our future debt agreements, some of which may be secured
debt. We are not restricted under the terms of the Indenture governing the Convertible Notes, from incurring additional debt, securing
existing or future debt, recapitalizing our debt, repurchasing our stock, pledging our assets, making investments, paying dividends, guaranteeing
debt or taking a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the Indenture governing the Convertible Notes that could
have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the Convertible Notes when due. 

The conditional
conversion feature of our Convertible Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

In the event the conditional conversion feature
of the Convertible Notes is triggered, holders of the Convertible Notes will be entitled to convert the notes at any time during specified
periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Convertible Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation
by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required
to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition,
even if holders do not elect to convert their Convertible Notes when these conversion triggers are satisfied, we could be required under
applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Convertible Notes as a current rather than
long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 

The capped call
transactions may affect the value of our Convertible Notes and our common stock. 

In connection with the
pricing of the Convertible Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with the option counterparties. The capped call transactions
cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock that initially underlie the
Convertible Notes. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock as a result
of conversion of the Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of the
converted Convertible Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. In connection with establishing their
initial hedges of the capped call transactions, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may have purchased shares of
common stock and/or entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock concurrently with or shortly after the
pricing of the Convertible Notes, including with certain investors in the Convertible Notes. 

In addition, the option
counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with
respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions
following the pricing of the Convertible Notes and prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes. They are likely to do so on each exercise
date for the capped call transactions, which are expected to occur during each 40-trading day period beginning on the 41st scheduled trading
day prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Notes, or following any termination of any portion of the capped call transactions in
connection with any repurchase, redemption or early conversion of the Convertible Notes. This activity could also cause or prevent an
increase or decrease in the price of our common stock or the Convertible Notes. The potential effect, if any, of these transactions
on the price of our common stock or the Convertible Notes will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time.
Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

We are subject
to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions. 

The counterparties to the capped
call transactions are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that one or more of the option counterparties may default,
fail to perform or exercise their termination rights under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option
counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If a counterparty to the capped call transactions becomes subject to insolvency
proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under such transaction.
Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, our exposure will increase if the market price or the volatility of our common
stock increases. In addition, upon a default, failure to perform or a termination of the capped call transactions by a counterparty, we
may suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. 

23 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our corporate offices and CDMO
facilities are all located in Orange County, California. We currently lease an aggregate of approximately 239,000 square feet of office,
manufacturing, laboratory and warehouse space in five buildings under four separate operating lease agreements that expire on various
dates between August 2023 and May 2032. These leases contain renewal options that could extend our lease terms to between August 2035
and May 2042. 

We believe that the
facilities we lease are adequate to meet our current needs and that, if necessary, additional space would be available to
accommodate any future growth. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

In the ordinary course of business, we are at
times subject to various legal proceedings and disputes. We make provisions for liabilities when it is both probable that a liability
has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Such provisions, if any, are reviewed at least quarterly
and adjusted to reflect the impact of any settlement negotiations, judicial and administrative rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other
information and events pertaining to a particular case. We currently are not a party to any legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of
which, in management s opinion, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

24 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity
Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock is listed on
The NASDAQ Capital Market under the trading symbol CDMO. 

Holders of Common Stock 

As of June 9, 2023, we had
605 stockholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held in street name. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid
cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination
to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Purchases of Equity Securities
by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Performance Graph 

Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary
in any of our previous or future filings with the SEC, the following information relating to the price performance of our common stock
shall not be deemed to be filed with the SEC or to be soliciting material under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and it shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into
such filing. 

The following chart shows the
performance from April 30, 2018 through April 30, 2023 of Avid Bioservices, Inc. common stock, compared with an investment in the stocks
represented in the NASDAQ U.S. Benchmark Pharmaceuticals TR Index and the NASDAQ U.S. Benchmark TR Index assuming the investment of 100
at the beginning of the period and the reinvestment of dividends, if any. The total return data for the comparative indexes were prepared
by NASDAQ OMX Global Indexes. 

25 

COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
VALUE OF INVESTMENT OF 100 ON APRIL 30, 2018 

The underlying data for the preceding graph is
as follows: 

April 30, 
 2018 
 April 30, 2019 
 April 30, 2020 
 
 April 30, 
 2021 
 
 April 30, 
 2022 
 
 April 30, 
 2023 
 
 Avid Bioservices, Inc. 
 100.00 
 130.52 
 166.21 
 583.24 
 366.76 
 491.83 
 
 NASDAQ U.S. Benchmark Pharmaceuticals TR Index 
 100.00 
 114.15 
 126.28 
 145.85 
 176.87 
 189.25 
 
 NASDAQ U.S. Benchmark TR Index 
 100.00 
 112.69 
 111.81 
 168.96 
 163.44 
 165.51 

Item 6. [reserved] 

26 

Item 7. Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes thereto set forth
in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . In addition to historical information, this discussion and
analysis contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors including, but not limited to, those
set forth under Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

For discussion related to
changes in financial condition and our results of operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, refer to Part II,
Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, which was filed with the SEC on June 29, 2022. 

Overview 

We are a dedicated contract development and manufacturing
organization CDMO that provides a comprehensive range of services from process development to Current Good Manufacturing
Practices CGMP clinical and commercial manufacturing of biologics for the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries.
With 30 years of experience producing biologics, our services include clinical and commercial product manufacturing, bulk packaging, release
and stability testing and regulatory submissions support. We also provide a variety of process development services, including upstream
and downstream development and optimization, analytical methods development, cell line development, testing and characterization. 

Strategic
Objectives 

We have a growth strategy that seeks to align
with the growth of the biopharmaceutical drug substance contract services market. That strategy encompasses the following objectives: 

Invest in additional manufacturing capacity, capabilities and resources required for us to achieve our
long-term growth strategy and meet the growth-demand of our customers programs, moving from development through to commercial manufacturing; 
 
 Broaden our market awareness through a diversified yet flexible marketing strategy; 
 
 Continue to expand our customer base and programs with existing customers for both process development
and manufacturing service offerings; 
 
 Explore strategic opportunities both within our core business as well as in adjacent and/or synergistic
biologic service offerings in order to enhance and/or broaden our capabilities; and 
 
 Increase our operating profit margin to best in class industry standards. 

27 

Fiscal Year 2023 Highlights 

The following summarizes select highlights from
our fiscal year ended April 30, 2023: 

Reported revenues of 149.3 million, an increase of 25 , or 29.7 million, compared to fiscal 2022; 
 
 Reported net income of 0.6 million, or 0.01 per basic and diluted share; 
 
 Expanded our customer base and programs with existing customers and ended the year with a backlog of approximately
 191 million compared to 153 million at the end of fiscal 2022; 
 
 Entered into a credit agreement with Bank of America that provides for a revolving credit facility
 in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 50 million, and (ii) a borrowing base calculated as the sum of (a) 80 of the value of
 certain of our eligible accounts receivable, plus (b) up to 100 of the value of eligible cash collateral, provided we remain in compliance
 with the underlying financial convenant in the credit agreement; 
 
 Announced the official opening of our additional CGMP mammalian cell manufacturing suites within our Myford
facility. This milestone marked the completion of our two-phased expansion of our Myford facility; 
 
 Announced the completion of our mammalian cell process development laboratory expansion, which has doubled
our total process development process capacity; 
 
 Further enhanced our mammalian cell offerings with the addition of in-house cell line development services; 
 
 Announced the official opening of our analytical and process development suites within our cell and gene
therapy facility; and 
 
 Continued to advance the build-out of CGMP manufacturing suites in our cell and gene therapy facility. 

Facility Expansions 

During fiscal year 2021, we announced plans for
a two-phased expansion of our Myford facility. The first phase, which expanded the production capacity of our Myford facility by adding
an additional downstream processing suite, was completed in January 2022. The second phase, which was recently completed in March 2023,
further expanded our capacity with the addition of a second manufacturing train, including both upstream and downstream processing suites. 

In June 2022, we announced plans to further expand
the process development capacity of our mammalian cell culture services, by adding new suites within our existing process development
laboratory space. This expansion was completed in April 2023. 

During fiscal year 2022, we announced plans to
expand our CDMO service offerings into viral vector development and manufacturing services for the rapidly growing cell and gene therapy CGT market. This expansion consists of a two-phased approach to the construction of a world-class, single purpose-built
CGT development and CGMP manufacturing facility in Costa Mesa, California (the CGT Facility ). In June 2022, we completed
the first phase with the opening of our new analytical and process development laboratories. The second phase of construction is the build
out of CGMP manufacturing suites, which is expected to be online by the end of the third calendar quarter of 2023. We estimate that as
of April 30, 2023, the remaining cost to complete our CGT Facility construction is approximately 14 million. 

Upon completion of these expansion projects, we
estimate that our combined facilities will have the potential to bring our total revenue generating capacity to up to approximately 400
million annually, depending on the mix of future customer projects. 

Performance and Financial Measures 

In assessing the performance of our business,
we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key indicators of the financial condition and operating performance of
our business are revenues, gross profit, selling, general and administrative expenses, operating income, interest expense, other income
(expense), net, and income tax (expense) benefit. 

We intend for this discussion to provide the reader
with information that will assist in understanding our consolidated financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those consolidated
financial statements from period to period and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. 

28 

Revenues 

Revenues are derived from services provided under
our customer contracts and are disaggregated into manufacturing and process development revenue streams. Manufacturing revenue generally
represents revenue from the manufacturing of customer products derived from mammalian cell culture covering clinical through commercial
manufacturing runs. Process development revenue generally represents revenue from services associated with the custom development of a
manufacturing process and analytical methods for a customer s product. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit is equal to revenues less cost of
revenues. Cost of revenues reflects the direct cost of labor, overhead and material costs. Direct labor costs primarily include compensation,
benefits, recruiting fees, and stock-based compensation within the manufacturing, process and analytical development, quality assurance,
quality control, validation, supply chain, project management and facilities functions. Overhead costs primarily include the rent, common
area maintenance, utilities, property taxes, security, materials and supplies, software, small equipment and deprecation costs incurred
at our manufacturing and laboratory locations. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses are composed of corporate-level expenses, including compensation, benefits, recruiting fees and stock-based compensation of corporate
functions such as executive management, finance and accounting, business development, legal, human resources, information technology,
and other centralized services. SG A expenses also include corporate legal fees, audit and accounting fees, investor relation expenses,
non-employee director fees, corporate facility related expenses, and other expenses relating to our general management, administration,
and business development activities. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense consists of interest costs related
to our outstanding convertible senior notes, revolving credit facility and finance lease, including amortization of debt issuance costs. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Other income (expense), net primarily consists
of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents, net of gains (losses) from the disposal of long-lived assets. 

Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 

We are subject to taxation in the United States
and various states jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. We prepare our income tax provision based on our interpretation of
the income tax accounting rules and each jurisdiction s enacted tax laws and regulations. For additional information refer to Note
7, Income Taxes , of the notes to consolidated financial statements. 

29 

Results
of Operations 

The following table compares
the operating results of our operations for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 149,266 
 119,597 
 29,669 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 117,786 
 82,949 
 34,837 
 
 Gross profit 
 31,480 
 36,648 
 (5,168 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 
 27,879 
 21,226 
 6,653 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 27,879 
 21,226 
 6,653 
 
 Operating income 
 3,601 
 15,422 
 (11,821 
 
 Interest expense 
 (2,600 
 (2,680 
 80 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 1,002 
 (81 
 1,083 
 
 Net income before income taxes 
 2,003 
 12,661 
 (10,658 
 
 Income tax (expense) benefit 
 (1,443 
 115,011 
 (116,454 
 
 Net income 
 560 
 127,672 
 (127,112 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year 2022 

Revenues 

Revenues were
 149.3 million in fiscal 2023, compared to 119.6 million in fiscal 2022, an increase of approximately 29.7 million or 25 . The year-over-year
increase in revenues can primarily be attributed to increases in manufacting runs and process development services provided to new customers.
The increase in revenues was attributed to the following components of our revenue streams: 

in millions 
 
 Net increase in manufacturing revenues 
 26.1 
 
 Net increase in process development revenues 
 3.6 
 
 Total increase in revenues 
 29.7 

30 

Gross
Profit 

Gross profit was 31.5 million (21 gross margin)
in fiscal 2023 compared to 36.6 million (31 gross margin) in fiscal 2022, a decrease of approximately 5.2 million. The decrease in
gross profit can primarily be attributed to increases in compensation and benefit related expenses and facility and equipment related
costs, partially offset by increased revenues. During fiscal 2023 as compared with fiscal 2022, our labor, overhead and depreciation expenses
increased primarily due to the hiring of personnel and additional facility and equipment related costs in anticipation of the commissioning
of our mammalian and cell and gene therapy CGMP facility expansions. This decrease in margin was partially offset by a current year period
benefit to margin from revenue associated with a change in variable consideration under a contract where uncertainties have been resolved.
In addition, the same period in the prior year included a margin benefit from unutilized capacity fees. 

We expect our gross profit will continue to
be impacted in the near-term due to our increased fixed cost base related to the recent hiring of personnel, additional facility and
equipment related costs, and increased depreciation expense from our facility expansion efforts. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

SG A expenses were 27.9
million in fiscal 2023, compared to 21.2 million in fiscal 2022, an increase of 6.7 million, or 31 . The net increase in SG A expenses
was attributed to the following components: 

in millions 
 
 Increase in compensation and benefit related expenses 
 4.7 
 
 Increase in legal and accounting fees 
 0.5 
 
 Increase in consulting and other professional fees 
 0.4 
 
 Increase travel and related expenses 
 0.4 
 
 Increase in facility and related expenses 
 0.3 
 
 Increase in trade show expenses 
 0.2 
 
 Net increase in all other SG A expenses 
 0.2 
 
 Total increase in SG A expenses 
 6.7 

As a percentage of revenues, SG A expenses
for the fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 were 19 and 18 , respectively. SG A expenses are generally not directly proportional to revenues,
but we expect such expenses to increase over time to support the needs of our growing company. 

Operating Income 

Operating income was 3.6 million for fiscal 2023,
compared to 15.4 million for fiscal 2022. This 11.8 million decrease in year-over-year operating income can be attributed to the 5.2
million decrease in gross profit described above combined with the 6.7 million increase in SG A expenses described above. 

31 

Other Income (Expense),
net 

Other income (expense), net OI E was 1.0 million for fiscal 2023 compared to expense of 0.1 million for fiscal 2022. The 1.1 million increase in year-over-year OI E
can primarily be attributed to an increase in interest income of 0.8 million combined with a 0.3 million decrease in loss on disposal
of property and equipment. 

Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Income tax expense was 1.4 million in fiscal
2023 compared to income tax benefit of 115.0 million in fiscal 2022. The increase in income tax expense is due to the recording of our
first year of income tax expense in the current year whereas in the prior year there was a non-cash income tax benefit due to the release
of our valuation allowance during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 (as described in Note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was 72 and was computed based on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 adjusted primarily
for the tax impact of state income taxes, stock-based compensation, non-deductible officers compensation and transportation fringe
benefits. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis
of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of
our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues, expenses and related disclosures. We review our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for our judgments
about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may vary from what
we anticipate and different assumptions or estimates about the future could change our reported results. While our significant accounting
policies are more fully described in Note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we believe the following accounting policies
to be critical to the assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue when we transfer promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services. To determine revenue recognition for contracts with customers we perform the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s)
with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction
price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. 

Revenue recognized from services
provided under our customer contracts is disaggregated into manufacturing and process development revenue streams. 

Manufacturing revenue 

Manufacturing revenue generally represents revenue
from the manufacturing of customer products recognized over time utilizing an input method that compares the cost of cumulative work-in-process
to date to the most current estimates for the entire cost of the performance obligation. Under a manufacturing contract, a quantity of
manufacturing runs are ordered at a specified scale with prescribed delivery dates, where the product is manufactured according to the
customer s specifications and typically includes only one performance obligation. Each manufacturing run represents a distinct service
that is sold separately and has stand-alone value to the customer. The products are manufactured exclusively for a specific customer and
have no alternative use. The customer retains control of its product during the entire manufacturing process and can make changes to the
process or specifications at its request. Under these agreements, we are entitled to consideration for progress to date that includes
an element of profit margin. 

32 

Process development revenue 

Process development revenue generally represents
revenue from services associated with the custom development of a manufacturing process and analytical methods for a customer s
product. Process development revenue is recognized over time utilizing an input method that compares the cost of cumulative work-in-process
to date to the most current estimates for the entire cost of the performance obligation. Under a process development contract, the customer
owns the product details and process, which has no alternative use. These process development projects are customized to each customer
to meet its specifications and typically includes only one performance obligation. Each process represents a distinct service that is
sold separately and has stand-alone value to the customer. The customer also retains control of its product as the product is being created
or enhanced by our services and can make changes to its process or specifications upon request. Under these agreements, we are entitled
to consideration for progress to date that includes an element of profit margin. 

The timing of revenue recognition, billings and
cash collections results in billed accounts receivables, contract assets (unbilled receivables), and contract liabilities (customer deposits
and deferred revenue). Contract assets are recorded when our right to consideration is conditioned on something other than the passage
of time. Contract assets are reclassified to accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheet when our rights become unconditional.
Contract liabilities represent customer deposits and deferred revenue billed and/or received in advance of our fulfillment of performance
obligations. Contract liabilities convert to revenue as we perform our obligations under the contract. 

The transaction price for services provided under
our customer contracts reflects our best estimates of the amount of consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for providing goods
and services to our customers. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate transaction price to each performance
obligation identified in a contract on a relative standalone selling price basis. We generally determine relative standalone selling prices
based on the price observed in the customer contract for each distinct performance obligation. If observable standalone selling prices
are not available, we may estimate the applicable standalone selling price based on the pricing of other comparable services or on a price
that we believe the market is willing to pay for the applicable service. 

In determining the transaction price, we also
considered the different sources of variable consideration including, but not limited to, discounts, credits, refunds, price concessions
or other similar items. We have included in the transaction price some or all of an amount of variable consideration, utilizing the most
likely method, only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will
not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The actual amount of consideration
ultimately received may differ. 

In addition, our customer contracts generally
include provisions entitling us to a cancellation or postponement fee when a customer cancels or postpones its commitments prior to our
initiation of services, therefore not utilizing their reserved capacity. The determination of such cancellation and postponement fees
are based on the terms stated in the related customer contract but are generally considered substantive for accounting purposes and create
an enforceable right and obligation due to us when the cancellation or postponement occurs. Accordingly, we recognize such fees, subject
to variable consideration, as revenue upon the cancellation or postponement date utilizing the most likely method. 

Management may be required to exercise judgment
in estimating revenue to be recognized. Judgment is required in identifying performance obligations, estimating the transaction price,
estimating the stand-alone selling prices of identified performance obligations, estimating variable consideration, and estimating the
progress towards the satisfaction of performance obligations. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, the estimates will
be adjusted, which will affect revenues in the period that such variances become known. 

33 

Stock-based Compensation 

We maintain equity compensation
plans, which provide the ability for us to grant stock options, restricted stock units, performance stock units and other forms of stock-based
awards. The estimated fair value of stock options granted to employees in exchange for services is measured at the grant date, using a
fair value based method, such as a Black-Scholes option valuation model, and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. The fair value of restricted stock units and performance stock units
is measured at the grant date based on the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. For restricted stock units,
the fair value is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods. For performance stock units, which
are subject to performance conditions, the fair value is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
when the achievement of such performance condition is determined to be probable. If a performance condition is not determined to be probable
or is not met, no stock-based compensation expense is recognized, and any previously recognized expense is reversed. Forfeitures are recognized
as a reduction of stock-based compensation expense as they occur. 

The use of a valuation model
requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions with respect to selected model inputs. The expected volatility is based on the daily
historical volatility of our common stock covering the estimated expected term. The expected term of options granted reflects actual historical
exercise activity and assumptions regarding future exercise activity of unexercised, outstanding options. The risk-free interest rate
is based on U.S. Treasury notes with terms within the contractual life of the option at the time of grant. The expected dividend yield
assumption is based on our expectation of future dividend payouts. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock
and currently do not anticipate paying such cash dividends. 

Valuation Allowance 

We utilize the liability
method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on the differences between
the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in
which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Significant judgment is required by management to
determine our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the valuation allowance to record against our
net deferred tax assets, which are based on complex and evolving tax regulation. We provide a valuation allowance when it is more
likely than not that our deferred tax assets will not be realized. On a periodic basis, we reassess the valuation allowance on our
deferred tax assets, weighing positive and negative evidence to assess the recoverability of the deferred tax assets. In the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2022, we reassessed the valuation allowance noting the shift of positive evidence outweighing negative evidence,
including significant revenue growth, continued profitability, and expectations regarding future profitability. After assessing both
the positive evidence and negative evidence, we determined it was more likely than not that our deferred tax assets would be
realized and therefore fully released our valuation allowance related to federal and state deferred tax assets on April 30, 2022 (as
described in Note 7, Income Taxes , of the notes to consolidated financial statements). We maintained the same position that
our federal and state deferred tax assets did not require a valuation allowance as of April 30, 2023. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing
cash and cash equivalents on hand. As of April 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 38.5 million. We believe that our existing
cash on hand and our anticipated cash flows from operating activities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next
12 months from the date of this Annual Report. 

34 

If our existing cash on hand
and our anticipated cash flows from operations are not sufficient to support our operations or capital requirements, including our cell
and gene therapy facility expansion, then we may, in the future, draw on our existing revolving credit facility, which is subject to covenant
compliance and availability (as described in Note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements) and/or obtain additional equity
or debt financing to fund our future operations and/or such expansion. We may raise these funds at the appropriate time, accessing the
form of capital that we determine is most appropriate considering the markets available to us and their respective costs of capital, such
as through the issuance of debt or through the public offering of our securities. These financings may not be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. Our ability to raise additional capital in the equity and debt markets is dependent on a number of factors including,
but not limited to, the market demand for our common stock. The market demand or liquidity of our common stock is subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, our financial results, economic and market conditions, and global financial
crises and economic downturns, which may cause extreme volatility and disruptions in capital and credit markets. In addition, even if
we are able to raise additional capital, it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable to us or it may contain restrictions
on the operations of our business. 

Cash Flows 

The following table compares
our cash flow activities for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (12,887 
 9,465 
 (22,352 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (77,638 
 (56,411 
 (21,227 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,901 
 3,197 
 (296 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities during fiscal
2023 was a result of net income of 0.6 million combined with non-cash adjustments to net income of 20.8 million primarily related to
stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization expense, amortization of debt issuance costs and deferred income taxes, offset
by a reduction in working capital as a result of a net change in operating assets and liabilities of 34.3 million. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities during fiscal
2023 consisted of 77.6 million used to acquire property and equipment primarily related to the expansion of our Myford facility and the
construction of our CGT Facility. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities during
fiscal 2023 consisted of 3.4 million in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our equity compensation plans, offset by
 0.5 million in principal payments on a finance lease. 

35 

Cash Requirements 

Our material cash requirements include the following
contractual and other obligations. 

Convertible Senior Notes Due 2026 

In March 2021, we issued 143.8 million in aggregate
principal amount of 1.25 exchangeable senior notes due 2026 Convertible Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional
buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The net proceeds we received from the issuance of Convertible Notes was 138.5
million, after deducting initial purchaser discounts and other debt issuance related expenses of 5.3 million. 

The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations
and accrue at a rate of 1.25 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The Convertible Notes
mature on March 15, 2026, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by us or converted at the option of the holders. The Convertible Notes
are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election in the
manner and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes. 

As of April 30, 2023, the aggregate principal
amount outstanding or our Convertible Notes was 143.8 million. For additional information regarding our Convertible Notes, see Note 3
of the notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Leases 

We lease certain office, manufacturing, laboratory,
and warehouse space located in Orange County, California under operating lease agreements. Our leased facilities have original lease terms
ranging from 7 to 12 years, contain multi-year renewal options, and scheduled rent increases of 3 on either an annual or biennial basis.
We also lease certain manufacturing equipment under a 5-year finance lease that expires in December 2026. As of April 30, 2023, we had
outstanding lease payment obligations of 79.3 million, of which 4.8 million is payable in fiscal 2024, 4.7 million is payable in fiscal
2025, 4.8 million is payable in fiscal 2026, 4.6 million is payable in fiscal 2027, 4.0 million is payable in fiscal 2028, and 56.4
million is payable thereafter. 

Capital Expenditures 

We currently anticipate that cash required
for capital expenditures during fiscal 2024 is approximately 30 million, which includes accrued and unpaid capital expenditures of
approximately 14 million as of April 30, 2023. The remaining costs are primarily related to the completion of our cell and gene
therapy facility as further discussed in the Facility Expansions section above. 

Revolving Credit Facility 

In March 2023, we entered into a credit agreement
with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and letter of credit issuer (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement
provides for a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 50 million,
and (ii) a borrowing base calculated as the sum of (a) 80 of the value of certain of our eligible accounts receivable, plus (b) up to
100 of the value of eligible cash collateral. The Revolving Credit Facility will mature on March 13, 2024 and is secured by substantially
all of our assets. As of April 30, 2023, there were no outstanding loans under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

36 

Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility will
bear interest at either (1) a term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR rate for a specified interest period plus a SOFR
adjustment (equal to 0.10 plus a margin of 1.40 or (2) base rate plus a margin of 0.40 at our option. Interest on any outstanding loans is due and
payable monthly and the principal balance is due at maturity. In addition, we pay a quarterly unused revolving line facility fee of 0.20 
per annum on the average unused facility. 

The Credit Agreement includes certain customary
affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on mergers, consolidations and sales of assets, limitations on liens, limitations
on certain restricted payments and investments, limitations on transactions with affiliates and limitations on incurring additional indebtedness.
In addition, the Credit Agreement requires maintenance of a minimum consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement, of 15 million
for the most recently completed four (4) fiscal quarters as measured at the end of each fiscal quarter. As of April 30, 2023, we were
in compliance with the Credit Agreement s financial covenant. 

The Credit Agreement also provides for certain
customary events of defaults, including, among others, failure to make payments, breach of representations and warranties, and default
of convenants. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements
applicable to us, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Our cash and cash equivalents
are primarily invested in money market funds with one major commercial bank with the primary objective to preserve our principal balance.
Our deposits held with this bank exceed the amount of government insurance limits provided on our deposits and, therefore, we are exposed
to credit risk in the event of default by the major commercial bank holding our cash balances. However, these deposits may be redeemed
upon demand. In addition, while changes in U.S. interest rates would affect the interest earned on our cash balances at April 30, 2023,
such changes would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, based on historical movements
in interest rates. 

Our Convertible Notes bear interest
at a fixed rate of 1.25 per year and therefore would not be affected by changes in U.S. interest rates. 

Loans under our Revolving Credit Facility will
bear interest at either (1) a term SOFR rate for a specified interest period plus a SOFR
adjustment (equal to 0.10 plus a margin of 1.40 or (2) base rate plus a margin of 0.40 at our option. As of April 30, 2023, we had no loans outstanding
under our Revolving Credit Facility. 

37 

Item 8. Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 

Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 39 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 41 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2023 
 42 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2023 
 43 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2023 
 44 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 45 

38 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of Avid Bioservices, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Avid Bioservices, Inc. (the Company) as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income , stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2023, and the
related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company at April 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended April 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
April 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated June 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below
is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does
not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it
relates. 

39 

Estimated costs at completion for projects 

Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated
 financial statements, the Company s revenue was 149.3 million for the year ended April 30, 2023, including manufacturing and process
 development revenues which are primarily recognized over time utilizing an input method that compares the cost of cumulative work in process
 to date to the most current estimates for the entire cost of the performance obligation. 
 
 Revenue is significant to our audit
 because the revenue recognition assessment process involves inherent uncertainty, uses subjective assumptions, and the amounts involved
 are material to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. The subjective assumptions relate to the estimated total costs
 expected to be incurred for each customer. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding,
 evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s revenue review process including
 controls over management s review of the estimated total costs at completion. For example, we tested controls over the
 Company s development and monitoring of the total estimated costs and of the review of the significant estimates and
 assumptions by management as revenue is recognized over time. 
 
 To test revenue recognized, we performed
 audit procedures that included, among others, testing the assumptions and underlying data used by the Company in its computations and
 testing the accuracy of the computations. We inspected evidence supporting the amount of actual costs incurred. We performed corroborative
 inquiries of individuals outside of the accounting department to assess the reasonableness of management s estimated total costs
 to understand the progress to date. We performed sensitivity analyses, including assessing the reasonableness of the estimated total costs
 to be incurred based on similar completed contracts. In addition, we performed hindsight analyses of revenues recognized by comparing
 prior cost estimates to actual costs incurred to evaluate the historical accuracy of management estimates. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 1999. 

June 21, 2023 

40 

AVID BIOSERVICES,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

 (in
thousands, except par value) 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred tax assets 

Other assets 

Restricted cash 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Contract liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible senior notes, net 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Finance lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at respective dates 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at respective dates 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

41 

AVID BIOSERVICES,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 (in
thousands, except per share information) 

Year Ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Interest expense 

Other income (expense), net 

Net income before income taxes 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

Net income 

Comprehensive income 

Series E preferred stock accumulated dividends 

Impact of Series E preferred stock redemption 

Net income attributable to common stockholders 

Net income per share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

42 

AVID BIOSERVICES,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (in
thousands, except per share information) 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balances at April 30, 2020 

Series E preferred stock dividends paid per
 share) 

Conversion of Series E preferred
 stock to common stock 

Redemption of Series E preferred
 stock 

Common stock issued, net of
 issuance costs of 

Common stock issued under equity
 compensation plans 

Equity component of convertible
 senior notes 

Purchase of capped calls related
 to convertible senior notes 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net income 

Balances at April 30, 2021 

Cumulative-effect adjustment
 from modified retrospective adoption of ASU 2020-06 

Common stock issued under equity
 compensation plans 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net income 

Balances at April 30, 2022 

Common stock issued under equity compensation plans 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net income 

Balances at April 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

43 

AVID BIOSERVICES,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
thousands) 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 

Deferred income taxes 

Loss on disposal and/or impairment of property and equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Contract liabilities 

Other accrued expenses and liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under equity compensation plans 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs 

Purchases of capped calls related to convertible senior notes 

Repayment of note payable 

Dividends paid on preferred stock 

Redemption of preferred stock 

Impact of preferred stock redemption 

Principal payments on finance leases 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities: 

Unpaid purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

44 

AVID BIOSERVICES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million was pledged as collateral under the letter of credit. 

The following table provides a reconciliation
of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts
shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

The
following table summarizes our manufacturing and process development revenue streams (in thousands): 

Process development revenues 

Total revenues 

The timing of revenue recognition, billings and
cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, contract assets (unbilled receivables), and contract liabilities (customer deposits
and deferred revenue). Contract assets are recorded when our right to consideration is conditioned on something other than the passage
of time. Contract assets are reclassified to accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheet when our rights become unconditional.
Contract liabilities represent customer deposits and deferred revenue billed and/or received in advance of our fulfillment of performance
obligations. Contract liabilities convert to revenue as we perform our obligations under the contract. 

During the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and
2022, we recognized revenue of million and .0 million, respectively, for which the contract liability was recorded in a prior
period. 

The transaction price for services provided under
our customer contracts reflects our best estimates of the amount of consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for providing goods
and services to our customers. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate transaction price to each performance
obligation identified in a contract on a relative standalone selling price basis. We generally determine relative standalone selling prices
based on the price observed in the customer contract for each distinct performance obligation. If observable standalone selling prices
are not available, we may estimate the applicable standalone selling price based on the pricing of other comparable services or on a price
that we believe the market is willing to pay for the applicable service. 

In determining the transaction price, we also
considered the different sources of variable consideration including, but not limited to, discounts, credits, refunds, price concessions
or other similar items. We have included in the transaction price some or all of an amount of variable consideration, utilizing the most
likely method, only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will
not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The actual amount of consideration
ultimately received may differ. 

In addition, our customer contracts generally
include provisions entitling us to a cancellation or postponement fee when a customer cancels or postpones its commitments prior to our
initiation of services, therefore not utilizing their reserved capacity. The determination of such cancellation and postponement fees
are based on the terms stated in the related customer contract but are generally considered substantive for accounting purposes and create
an enforceable right and obligation due to us when the cancellation or postponement occurs. Accordingly, we recognize such fees, subject
to variable consideration, as revenue upon the cancellation or postponement date utilizing the most likely method. 

Management may be required to exercise judgment
in estimating revenue to be recognized. Judgment is required in identifying performance obligations, estimating the transaction price,
estimating the stand-alone selling prices of identified performance obligations, estimating variable consideration, and estimating the
progress towards the satisfaction of performance obligations. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, the estimates will
be adjusted, which will affect revenues in the period that such variances become known. 

During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we
recognized revenue of million for changes in estimates for variable consideration under a contract where uncertainties had been resolved.
During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, changes in estimates for variable consideration resulted in a decrease in revenues of 
million . These changes in estimates for variable consideration can primarily be attributed to a dispute with a customer, which was resolved
during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, over the payment of certain cancellation fees incurred in fiscal 2022 and due to us under
the terms of the contract (Note 10). 

We apply the practical expedient available under
ASC 606 that permits us not to disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length
of one year or less. As of April 30, 2023, we do not have any unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts greater than one year. 

Costs incurred to obtain a contract are not material.
These costs are generally employee sales commissions, which are expensed as incurred and included in selling, general and administrative
expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

million was deemed necessary. 

Based on our analysis of our accounts receivable
balance as of April 30, 2022, we determined an allowance for doubtful accounts of million was deemed necessary, which amount was
primarily related to a dispute with a customer over the payment of certain cancellation fees due to us under the terms of the contract.
The contract dispute with the customer was resolved during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 (Note 10). 

Our accounts receivable from
amounts billed for services provided under customer contracts are derived from a limited number of customers. Most customer contracts
require up-front payments and installment payments during the service period. We perform periodic evaluations of the financial condition
of our customers and generally do not require collateral, but we can terminate any contract if a material default occurs. At April 30,
2023 and 2022, approximately 76 and 84 , respectively, of our accounts receivable, net were due from our top ten customers. 

Our revenues are derived from
a limited number of customers. Historically, these customers have not entered into long-term contracts because their need for drug supply
depends on a variety of factors, including a product s stage of development, the timing of regulatory filings and approvals, the
product needs of their collaborators, if applicable, their financial resources and the market demand with respect to a commercial product. 

The table below identifies
each of our customers that accounted for 10 or more of our total revenues during any of the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022
and 2021: 

IGM Biosciences, Inc. 
 U.S. 

Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
 U.S. 

______________ 

(1) Revenues are
derived from the manufacture of multiple therapeutics that our customer uses in various products and product candidates. 

Represents a percentage less than 10 of our total revenues. 

We attribute revenue to the individual countries
where the customer is headquartered. Approximately of our revenues for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 were derived
from U.S. based customers. 

Our finance lease with a term greater than one
year is included as an asset within property and equipment, net and a lease liability equal to the present value of the minimum lease
payments is included in other current liabilities and finance lease liabilities, less current portion in our consolidated balance sheets.
The present value of the finance lease payments is calculated using the implicit interest rate in the lease. Finance lease ROU assets
are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected useful life of the asset and the carrying amount of the lease liability is adjusted
to reflect interest, which is recorded as interest expense. 

Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less
are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and lease expense for these short-term leases is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the lease term. We have also elected the practical expedient to not separate lease components from non-lease components. 

Laboratory and manufacturing equipment 

Computer equipment and software 

Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 

Costs for property and equipment
not yet placed into service have been capitalized as construction-in-progress. These costs are primarily related to equipment and leasehold
improvements associated with our manufacturing facilities, and will be depreciated in accordance with the above guidelines once placed
into service. Interest costs incurred during construction of major capital projects are capitalized as construction-in-progress until
the underlying asset is ready for its intended use, at which point the interest costs are amortized as depreciation expense over the life
of the underlying asset. Interest capitalized as construction-in-progress for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, was 
million and million , respectively. All of our property and equipment are located in the United States. Property and equipment consist
of the following (in thousands): 

Laboratory and manufacturing equipment 

Computer equipment and software 

Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 

Construction-in-progress 

Total property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization
expense for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million , million and million , respectively. 

million , which amount is included in selling, general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022,
there were indicators of impairment of the value of our long-lived assets and no impairment losses were recognized. 

million and million , respectively, were
invested in money market funds with a major commercial bank and carried at fair value based on quoted market prices for identical securities
(Level 1 inputs). We consider the fair value of our convertible senior notes to be a Level 2 financial liability due to limited trading
activity of the senior convertible notes. Refer to Note 3, Debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
We did not have any other Level 2 or Level 3 financial liabilities as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

million , million , and million , respectively. 

.0 million. We maintained the same position, that our federal and state deferred tax assets did not require a
valuation allowance, as of April 30, 2023 (Note 7). 

We are required to file federal and state income
tax returns in various jurisdictions. The preparation of these returns requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws in effect in such
jurisdictions, which could affect the amount paid by us. 

million in aggregate
principal amount of 1.25 exchangeable senior notes due 2026 Convertible Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional
buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The net proceeds we received from the issuance of Convertible Notes was 
million , after deducting initial purchaser discounts and other debt issuance related expenses of million . 

The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations
and accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The Convertible
Notes mature on , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by us or converted at the option of the holders. The Convertible
Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election in
the manner and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the indenture (the Indenture governing the Convertible Notes. 

The initial conversion rate for the Convertible
Notes is approximately 47.1403 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount, which represents an initial conversion price of
approximately 21.21 per share of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events
in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date,
we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert their Convertible Notes in connection
with such a fundamental change, as defined in the Indenture. 

Holders of the Convertible Notes may convert their
Convertible Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 15, 2025,
only under the following circumstances: (1) during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending July 31, 2021, if the
last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading
days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the
conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period
(the measurement period in which the trading price (as defined in the Indenture) per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible
Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98 of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock
and the exchange rate on each such trading day; (3) if we call any or all of the Convertible Notes for redemption, at any time prior to
the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; and (4) upon the occurrence of specified
corporate events as described in the Indenture. 

On or after September 15, 2025 until the close
of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders at their option may convert their Convertible
Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 

We may not redeem the Convertible Notes prior
to March 20, 2024. On or after March 20, 2024, the Convertible Notes are redeemable for cash, whole or in part, at our option, if the
last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least 130 of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days
(whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and
including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100 
of the principal amount to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

If we undergo a fundamental change (as defined
in the Indenture), holders may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Convertible Notes at a fundamental change
repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to,
but excluding the redemption date. 

The Indenture contains customary terms and covenants,
including that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, the trustee or the holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal
amount of the outstanding Convertible Notes may declare the entire principal of all the Convertible Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest
to be immediately due and payable. 

As of April 30, 2023, the conditions allowing
holders of the Convertible Notes to convert had not been met and, therefore, the Convertible Notes are classified as a long-term liability
on the consolidated balance sheets at April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

In accounting for the issuance of the Convertible
Notes, prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, Debt with Conversion and other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging 
Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), we separated the Convertible Notes into debt and equity components. The carrying amount of
the debt component on the date of the issuance was million and was determined based on a binomial lattice model, which yielded an
effective discount rate of and was derived with the assistance of a third-party valuation. The equity component was allocated a
value of million , representing the difference between the par value of the Convertible Notes and the fair value of the debt component.
The equity component was not remeasured as long as it continued to meet the conditions for equity classification, and the equity component
was recorded as additional paid-in capital within stockholders equity. The difference between the principal amount of the Convertible
Notes and the debt component, or the debt discount, was amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the contractual
term of the Convertible Notes. 

In accounting for the issuance costs related to
the Convertible Notes, prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, we allocated the total amount incurred to the debt and equity components
of the Convertible Notes based on their relative values. Issuance costs attributable to the debt component were million and were
being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the contractual term of the Convertible Notes. Issuance costs
attributable to the equity component were million and were netted with the equity component in additional paid-in capital within
stockholders equity. 

On May 1, 2021, we elected to early adopt ASU
2020-06 using the modified retrospective transition method. Under such transition method, prior period financial information and disclosures
are not adjusted and continue to be reported under the accounting standards that were in effect prior to our adoption of ASU 2020-06. 

The adoption of ASU 2020-06 resulted in the re-combination
of the debt and equity components of the Convertible Notes into a single debt instrument, which resulted in a 42.4 million decrease in
additional paid-in capital from the derecognition of the bifurcated equity component, a 41.6 million increase in convertible senior notes,
net from the derecognition of the discount associated with the bifurcated equity component, or debt discount, and 0.8 million decrease
to the May 1, 2021 opening balance of accumulated deficit, representing the cumulative non-cash interest expense recognized related to
the amortization of the debt discount associated with the bifurcated equity component of the Convertible Notes. Additionally, we derecognized
the allocation of the issuance costs to the equity component and all issuance costs related to the Convertible Notes are being amortized
to interest expense using the effective interest method over the contractual term of the Convertible Notes which is included in the cumulative
adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated deficit. 

The net carrying amount of the Convertible Notes
is as follows (in thousands): 

Unamortized issuance costs 

Net carrying amount 

As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the estimated fair
value of the Convertible Notes was approximately million and million , respectively. The fair value was determined based
on the last actively traded price per of the Convertible Notes for the periods ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (Level 2). 

The following table summarizes the interest expense
recognized related to the Convertible Notes for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Amortization of issuance costs 

Amortization of debt discount (1) 

Total interest expense associated with Convertible Notes 

_______________ 

(1) 

Capped Call Transactions 

In connection with the issuance of the
Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Calls with certain
financial institution counterparties (the Option Counterparties ). We used 12.8
million of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Notes to pay the cost of the Capped Calls. The Capped Calls
cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock that initially underlie
the Convertible Notes, and are generally expected to reduce the potential dilution of our common stock upon any conversion of the
Convertible Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap, based on the cap price of the Capped
Calls. The cap share price of the Capped Calls is approximately 28.02 per share, which represents a premium of 75 over the last
reported sale price of our common stock on March 9, 2021 and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Calls.
However, there would nevertheless be dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes to the extent that such market price exceeds
the capped share price as measured under the terms of the Capped Calls. 

We evaluated the Capped Calls under ASC 815-10
and determined that they should be accounted for as a separate transaction from the Convertible Notes and that the Capped Calls met the
criteria for equity classification. Therefore, the cost of 12.8 million to purchase the Capped Calls was recorded as a reduction to additional
paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheet at April 30, 2021. The Capped Calls will not be subsequently remeasured as long as the
conditions for equity classification continue to be met. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, there were no conversions of our Convertible
Notes, and therefore, there was no activity with respect to the Capped Calls. We believe the conditions for equity classification continue
to be met as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Revolving Credit Facility 

On March 14, 2023, we entered into a credit agreement
with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and letter of credit issuer (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement
provides for a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility in an amount equal to the lesser of As of April 30, 2023, there were outstanding loans under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility will
bear interest at either Interest on any outstanding loans is due and payable
monthly and the principal balance is due at maturity. In addition, we pay a quarterly unused revolving line facility fee of 
per annum on the average unused facility. 

The Credit Agreement includes certain customary
affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on mergers, consolidations and sales of assets, limitations on liens, limitations
on certain restricted payments and investments, limitations on transactions with affiliates and limitations on incurring additional indebtedness.
In addition, the Credit Agreement requires maintenance of a minimum consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement, of million
for the most recently completed four (4) fiscal quarters as measured at the end of each fiscal quarter. As of April 30, 2023, we were
in compliance with the Credit Agreement s financial covenant. 

The Credit Agreement also provides for certain
customary events of defaults, including, among others, failure to make payments, breach of representations and warranties, and default
of convenants. 

Certain of our operating facility leases require
us to pay property taxes, insurance and common area maintenance. While these payments are not included as part of our lease liabilities,
they are recognized as variable lease cost in the period they are incurred. 

We also lease certain manufacturing equipment
under a 5-year finance lease that commenced in the second quarter of fiscal year 2022. 

The components of our lease
costs for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, were as follows (in thousands): 

Variable lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Finance lease costs: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total lease costs 

Supplemental consolidated balance sheet and other
information related to our leases as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (in thousands, except weighted average data): 

Finance 
 Property and equipment, net 

Total leased assets 

Liabilities 

Current: 

Operating 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Finance 
 Other current liabilities 

Non-current: 

Operating 
 Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Finance 
 Finance lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total lease liabilities 

Finance lease 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Finance lease 

Supplemental cash flow information related to
our leases were as follows (in thousands): 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Non-cash transactions: 

Right-of-use assets obtained upon operating lease modifications and reassessments, net 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 

Decapitalization of right-of-use assets upon impairment 

Property and equipment obtained in exchange for finance lease obligation 

As of April 30, 2023, the maturities of our lease
liabilities, which includes those derived from lease renewal options that we considered it reasonably certain that we would exercise,
were as follows (in thousands): 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

shares of Series E Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock determined by dividing the
liquidation amount of 25.00 per share by the conversion price of per share, rounded down to the nearest whole number. 

On April 12, 2021 (the Redemption
Date ), we redeemed all then current remaining outstanding shares of our Series E Preferred Stock at a per share price equal to
the liquidation amount plus accrued and unpaid dividends up to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. In connection with the completed
redemption, we incurred a charge of million related to the excess of the redemption value paid upon redemption over the carrying
value of our Series E Preferred Stock which is included in impact of preferred stock redemption in the consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021. As a result of the completed redemption, our Series E Preferred Stock
is no longer issued and outstanding. 

Holders of our Series E Preferred
Stock were entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate of 10.50 per annum based on the liquidation preference of per
share, or per annum per share, and were payable quarterly in cash, on or about the first day of each January, April, July, and
October. In addition, in April 2021, accrued and unpaid dividends of per share was paid to holders of Series E Preferred Stock
in connection with the redemption of our Series E Preferred Stock discussed above. For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021, we paid aggregate
cash dividends of million for then issued and outstanding shares of our Series E Preferred Stock. cash dividend amounts were paid
for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Sale
of Common Stock 

During the third quarter of
fiscal 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering pursuant to which we sold shares of our common stock at the public
offering price of per share, including shares sold pursuant to the underwriters full exercise of their option to
purchase additional shares. The aggregate gross proceeds we received from the public offering were million , before deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions and other offering related expenses of million . 

During the fiscal years ended
April 30, 2023 and 2022, we had offerings of our common stock. 

Shares of Common Stock Authorized and Reserved
for Future Issuance 

As of April 30, 2023, 
shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. 

Our common stock outstanding
as of April 30, 2023 excluded the following shares of common stock reserved for future issuance (in thousands): 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Conversion of Convertible Notes 

Total common stock reserved for future issuance 

million shares. 

The 2018 Plan and the Prior
Plans are collectively referred to as the Stock Plans . As of April 30, 2023, we had an aggregate of shares of
our common stock reserved for issuance under the Stock Plans, of which shares were subject to outstanding stock options, restricted
stock units and performance stock units and shares were available for future grants of stock-based awards. 

Stock Options 

We ceased granting stock options
during fiscal 2022. Stock options previously granted under our Stock Plans were granted at an exercise price not less than the fair market
value of our common stock on the date of grant. Stock options granted to employees generally vest over a four-year period from the date
of grant and stock options granted to non-employee directors generally vest over a period of one to three years from the date of grant.
Stock options granted under the 2018 Plan have a contractual term of seven years; however, the maximum contractual term of any stock option
granted under the Stock Plans is ten years. 

The estimated fair value of
stock options is measured at the grant date, using a fair value-based method, such as a Black-Scholes option valuation model, and is amortized
as stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting
period. The use of a valuation model requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions with respect to selected model inputs. The
expected volatility is based on the daily historical volatility of our common stock covering the estimated expected term. The expected
term of options granted reflects actual historical exercise activity and assumptions regarding future exercise activity of unexercised,
outstanding options. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury notes with terms within the contractual life of the option
at the time of grant. The expected dividend yield assumption is based on our expectation of future dividend payouts. We have never declared
or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and currently do not anticipate paying such cash dividends. 

There were stock options granted during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. The grant date fair value for stock options granted during
the fiscal years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 were based on the following weighted-average assumptions used within the Black-Scholes
option valuation model: 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

The following summarizes our stock option transaction
activity for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Canceled or expired 

Outstanding at April 30, 2023 

Vested and expected to vest 

Exercisable at April 30, 2023 

______________ 

(1) 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of
stock options granted during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 was and per share, respectively. There were 
stock options granted during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

The aggregate intrinsic value
of stock options exercised during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million , million and million ,
respectively. Cash received from stock options exercised during fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 totaled million ,
 million and million , respectively. 

We issue shares of common stock
that are reserved for issuance under the Stock Plans upon the exercise of stock options, and we do not expect to repurchase shares of
common stock from any source to satisfy our obligations under our compensation plans. 

As of April 30, 2023, the total
estimated unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options was 1.3 million. This cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted average vesting period of years based on current assumptions. 

Restricted Stock 

A restricted stock unit RSU represents the right to receive one share of our common stock upon the vesting of such unit. RSUs granted to employees generally vest
over a four-year period from the date of grant and RSUs granted to non-employee directors generally vest over a period of one to three
years from the date of grant. The estimated fair value of RSUs is based on the closing market value of our common stock on the date of
grant and is amortized as stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the period of vesting. 

The following summarizes our
RSUs transaction activity for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at April 30, 2023 

The weighted-average grant date
fair value of RSUs granted during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and per share, respectively. 

The total fair value of RSUs
vested during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million , million and million , respectively. 

As of April 30, 2023, the total
estimated unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs was million . This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average vesting period of years. 

Performance Stock Units 

The Compensation Committee of
the Board of Directors grants PSUs to our executives. The PSUs are subject to annual vesting over three consecutive fiscal year performance
periods with the first one-third vesting on April 30 of the year following the grant date, and each successive one-third vesting on April
30 of the following two years respectively (each a Performance Period ). Each PSU that vests represent the right to receive
one share of our common stock. The number of shares that will vest for each Performance Period, if any, is based upon the attainment of
certain predetermined financial metrics for each such Performance Period. Depending on the actual financial metrics achieved relative
to the target financial metrics for such Performance Periods, the number of PSUs issued could range from 0 to 200 of the target amount.
The number of granted shares included in the table below is based on a maximum 200 achievement of each financial metric during each Performance
Period (the Maximum Performance Target ). If a financial metric is achieved at a rate below the Maximum Performance Target,
or is not achieved, the corresponding portion of the PSUs that do not vest are forfeited. 

The following summarizes our
PSUs transaction activity for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at April 30, 2023 

The weighted-average grant
date fair value of PSUs granted during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, was and per share, respectively.
There were PSUs granted during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021. 

The total fair value of PSUs
vested during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 was million and million , respectively. PSUs vested during the
fiscal year ended April 30, 2021. 

As
of April 30, 2023, there was million of total estimated unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested PSUs associated with
the Performance Periods ending April 30, 2024 and 2025 based on the Maximum Performance Target achievement of each financial metric during
such Performance Periods. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years, however, we will
assess the likelihood of achieving the predetermined financial metrics associated with each Performance Period on a quarterly basis and
the expense recognized, if any, will be adjusted accordingly. 

Employee
Stock Purchase Plan 

The Avid Bioservices, Inc. 2010
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP is a stockholder-approved plan under which employees can purchase shares of our
common stock, based on a percentage of their compensation, subject to certain limits. The purchase price per share is equal to the lower
of 85 of the fair market value of our common stock on the first trading day of the six-month offering period or on the last trading day
of the six-month offering period. Offering Periods commence on or about the first day of January and July of each year. 

During the fiscal years ended
April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, a total of , and shares of our common stock were purchased, respectively, under the
ESPP at a weighted average purchase price per share of , and , respectively. As of April 30, 2023, we had 963,316 shares
of our common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP. 

The fair value of the shares
purchased under the ESPP was determined using a Black-Scholes option valuation model (see explanation of valuation model inputs above
under Stock Options and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period (or six-month
offering period). 

The weighted average grant date fair value of purchase
rights under the ESPP during fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was ,
 
 and ,
respectively, based on the following weighted-average Black-Scholes option valuation model inputs: 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Stock-based
Compensation Expense 

Stock-based compensation expense
included in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was comprised of the following (in thousands): 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Total 

The valuation allowance
did t
change for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, 122.7
million was released through our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and million was recognized related to the valuation adjustments for the adoption of ASU 2020-06, which was reflected as an adjustment to
our opening consolidated balance sheet on May 1, 2021. 

We are subject to taxation in
the United States and various states jurisdictions. We have not been notified that we are under audit by the IRS or any state taxing authorities
and our federal and state returns from April 30, 2020 and April 30, 2019, respectively, remain open for examination. Due to the presence
of net operating loss NOL carryforwards the tax authorities can also examine years prior to the standard statue of limitations. 

At April 30, 2023, we had federal
NOL carry forwards of approximately million . The federal NOL carry forwards generated prior to January 1, 2018 expire in fiscal
years 2024 through 2038, unless previously utilized. The federal NOL generated after January 1, 2018 of 77.9 million can be carried forward
indefinitely. Utilization of NOLs generated subsequent to 2020 are limited to 80 of future taxable income. We also have California state
NOL carry forwards of approximately million at April 30, 2023, which begin to expire in fiscal year 2024. We also have other state
NOL carry forwards of approximately million at April 30, 2023, which begin to expire in fiscal year 2037. 

Additionally, the future utilization
of our NOL carry forwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation, pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section
382, as a result of ownership changes. A Section 382 analysis has been completed through April 30, 2022, and it was determined that no
significant change in ownership had occurred. However, ownership changes occurring subsequent to April 30, 2022 may impact the utilization
of NOL carry forwards and other tax attributes in future periods. 

At April 30, 2023, we had 
million and million of federal and California research and development credit carry forwards. The California research credits do
not expire and the federal credits begin to expire in fiscal year 2026. 

The provision for income taxes
on our net income before income taxes for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 is comprised of the following (in thousands): 

State income taxes, net of valuation allowance 

Expiration and adjustments of deferred tax assets 

Change in federal valuation allowance 

Stock-based compensation including 162M limitations 

Research and development credits 

Adjustment for federal benefit of state 

Permanent differences 

Other, net 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts for income
tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at April 30, 2023 and 2022 are as follows
(in thousands): 

Research and development credits 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

ROU assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

In accordance with ASC 740, we are required to
recognize the impact of an uncertain tax position in the consolidated financial statements when it is more likely than not the position
will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. An uncertain tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 
likelihood of being sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Unrecognized tax positions at April 30, 2023 and 2022 are as follows
(in thousands): 

Gross (decrease) increase prior period tax positions 

Unrecognized tax positions, end of year 

If recognized, the unrecognized tax positions will
impact our income tax benefit or effective tax rate. We do not expect any significant increases or decreases to our unrecognized tax positions
within the next 12 months. 

It is our policy to recognize interest and penalties
related to income tax matters in interest expense and other income (expense), net, respectively, in our consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2021, we did not incur any interest or penalties. For the fiscal
year ended April 30, 2022, we recognized an immaterial amount of interest and penalties. 

Series E preferred stock accumulated dividends 

Impact of Series E preferred stock redemption 

Net income attributable to common stockholders, basic 

Add interest expense on Convertible Notes, net of tax 

Net income attributable to common stockholders, diluted 

Denominator 

Weighted average basic common shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock options 

RSUs, PSUs and ESPP 

Convertible Notes 

Weighted average dilutive common shares outstanding 

Net income per share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The following table presents the potential dilutive
securities excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per common share for the periods presented as the effect of their inclusion
would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands): 

RSUs, PSUs and ESPP 

Convertible Notes 

Series E Preferred Stock 

Total 

million , million and
 million , respectively. 

68 

Item 9. Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting
And Financial Disclosures 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls And Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The term disclosure controls and procedures 
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act refers to the controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the required time periods. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of April 30, 2023. Based on this evaluation, our president and chief executive
officer and our chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of April 30, 2023 to ensure
the timely disclosure of required information in our SEC filings. 

Management s Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

The Company s internal control over financial
reporting is supported by written policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s
management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of
its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In connection with the preparation of the Company s
annual consolidated financial statements, management of the Company has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Based on this assessment, management has concluded
that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 30, 2023. 

Our internal control over financial
reporting as of April 30, 2023 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated
in their report included herein. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management has determined
that, as of April 30, 2023, there were no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter
of the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

69 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of Avid Bioservices, Inc. 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

We have audited Avid Bioservices, Inc. s
internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Avid
Bioservices, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April
30, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of April 30,
2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in
the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated June 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Irvine, California 

 June 21, 2023 

70 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections 

None. 

71 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers And Corporate Governance 

The information required by
this Item regarding our directors, executive officers and committees of our board of directors is incorporated by reference to the information
set forth under the captions, Election of Directors, Executive Compensation and Corporate Governance 
in our 2023 Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 (the 2023
Definitive Proxy Statement ). 

Information required by this
Item regarding our code of ethics is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption, Corporate Governance 
in our 2023 Definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by
this Item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions, Director Compensation, Compensation
Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation in our 2023 Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days
after the end of our fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

Item 12. Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Stockholder Matters 

Other than as set forth below,
the information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption, Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and Management in our 2023 Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days
after the end of our fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

Equity Compensation Plan
Information 

The following table summarizes our compensation
plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of April 30, 2023: 

Plan Category 
 (a) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon the Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 (b) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights /share) 
 (c) Number of Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 
 3,926,550 
 6.76 
 4,411,257 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan approved by stockholders 

963,316 
 
 Total 
 3,926,550 
 6.76 (2) 
 5,374,573 

(1) Represents stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units under our stockholder approved
equity compensation plans referred to as the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan and the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (2) Represents the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding stock options as there are no exercise prices
for restricted stock units and performance stock units. 

72 

Item 13. Certain Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence 

The information required by
this Item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, 
 Director Independence and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in our 2023 Definitive
Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by
this Item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption, Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm Fees in our 2023 Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended April
30, 2023. 

73 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits And Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:
42) 
 39 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 41 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for each
of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2023 
 42 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for each of the
three years in the period ended April 30, 2023 
 43 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in
the period ended April 30, 2023 
 44 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 45 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules 

The following schedule is filed
as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2023 
 75 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or
the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits 

The exhibits listed in the accompanying
index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

74 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying
Accounts (in thousands) 

Balance at Beginning of 

Balance at 
End of 

Period 
 Additions 
 Deductions 
 Period 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Year ended April 30, 2023 
 18,392 
 474 
 (18,392 
 474 
 
 Year ended April 30, 2022 
 
 21,464 
 (3,072 
 18,392 
 
 Year ended April 30, 2021 

75 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

Form 

Date 
 Filed 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 30, 2021, by and between Avid SPV, LLC and Avid Bioservices, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/5/2021 
 
 2.1 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on July 2, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/7/2021 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on October 19, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/21/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/15/2020 
 
 3.2 

4.1 
 
 Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2021, by and among Avid SPV, LLC, Avid Bioservices, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/12/2021 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2021, by and among Avid SPV, LLC, Avid Bioservices, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/5/2021 
 
 4.1 

4.3 
 
 Form of Note, between U.S.
 Bank National Association, as trustee and Avid SPV, LLC (included as Exhibit A to 4.1) 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/12/2021 
 
 4.2 

4.4 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

X 
 
 10.1 
 
 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/27/2010 
 
 A 

10.2 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 12/9/2010 
 
 4.17 

10.3 
 
 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/27/2010 
 
 B 

10.4 
 
 Amendment to the 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/26/2016 
 
 B 

10.5 
 
 2011 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/26/2011 
 
 A 

10.6 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2011 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 12/12/2011 
 
 4.20 

10.7 
 
 First Amendment to 2011 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/27/2012 
 
 A 

10.8 
 
 Second Amendment to 2011 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/26/2013 
 
 A 

10.9 
 
 Third Amendment to 2011 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 7/14/2015 
 
 4.24 

10.10 
 
 Form of Amendment to Stock Option Award Agreement Under 2011 Stock Incentive Plan related to Non-Employee Director stock option awards 
 
 10-K 
 
 7/14/2015 
 
 4.27 

10.11 
 
 Fourth Amendment to 2011 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/28/2015 
 
 B 

10.12 
 
 Avid Bioservices, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/17/2018 
 
 A 

10.13 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 12/10/2018 
 
 4.2 

10.14 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

S-8 
 
 12/10/2018 
 
 4.3 

10.15 
 
 Lease and Agreement of Lease between TNCA, LLC, as Landlord, and Avid Bioservices, Inc., as Tenant, dated as of December 24, 1998 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3/12/1999 
 
 10.48 

10.16 
 
 First Amendment to Lease and Agreement of Lease between TNCA, LLC, as Landlord, and Avid Bioservices, Inc., as Tenant, dated December 22, 2005 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/23/2005 
 
 99.1 99.2 

10.17 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Avid Bioservices, Inc. and Mark R. Ziebell, effective December 27, 2012 
 
 10-Q 
 
 12/27/2012 
 
 10.27 

10.18 
 
 Asset Assignment and Purchase Agreement by and between Avid Bioservices, Inc. and OncXerna (formerly known as Oncologie, Inc., dated February 12, 2018 
 
 10-K 
 
 7/16/2018 
 
 10.11 

76 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 Filed 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 10.19 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Avid Bioservices, Inc. and Daniel R. Hart, effective June 26, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 6/27/2019 
 
 10.7 

10.20 
 
 Amendment to 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/21/2019 
 
 A 

10.21 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Avid Bioservices, Inc. and Nicholas S. Green, effective July 30, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 9/1/2020 
 
 10.8 

10.22 
 
 Form of Capped Call Transactions Confirmation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/12/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.23 
 
 Form of Notice of Performance Stock Unit Award under 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/14/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.24 
 
 First amendment to the Avid Bioservices, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 DEF-14A 
 
 8/27/2021 
 
 A 

10.25 
 
 Form of Notice of Performance Stock Unit Award under 2018 Omnibus Incentive
Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/14/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.26 
 
 Executive Severance Plan adopted December 5, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/9/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.27 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2023, among Avid Bioservices,
Inc., as the Borrower, the Guarantors Party Hereto, the Lenders Party Hereto, and Bank of Americal, N.A., as Administrative Agent and
L/C Issuer 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/15/2023 
 
 10.1 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of Annual Report) 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

X 
 
 32 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Instance Document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Presentation Extension Linkbase Document 

X 

This Exhibit is a management contract or a
 compensation plan or arrangement. 
 Portions omitted pursuant to a request of confidentiality
 filed separately with the SEC. 

77 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AVID BIOSERVICES, INC. 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Nicholas S. Green 

Nicholas S. Green, President and Chief Executive
Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Nicholas S. Green, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Daniel R.
Hart, Chief Financial Officer, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with the full power of substitution
and re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report, and to
file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting
unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or either of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated: 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Nicholas S. Green 
 
 President
and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Nicholas S. Green 
 
 and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Daniel R. Hart 
 
 Chief Financial
Officer 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Daniel R. Hart 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer
and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Joseph Carleone, Ph.D. 
 
 Chairman
of the Board of Directors 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Joseph Carleone, Ph.D. 

/s/ Esther M. Alegria, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Esther M. Alegria, Ph.D. 

/s/ Richard B. Hancock 
 
 Director 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Richard B. Hancock 

/s/ Catherine J. Mackey, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Catherine J. Mackey, Ph.D. 

/s/ Gregory P. Sargen 
 
 Director 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Gregory P. Sargen 

/s/ Jeanne Thoma 
 
 Director 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Jeanne Thoma 

78 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 avid_ex0404.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

EXHIBIT 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT 

 TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

The
following summary of the rights of our common stock, 0.001 par value per share Common Stock ), and preferred stock, 0.001
par value per share Preferred Stock ), does not purport to be complete. This summary is subject to and qualified by the
provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended Certificate of Incorporation ), and our amended and
restated bylaws Bylaws ), copies of which are filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
April 30, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference. In addition, the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended DGCL also affects the terms of our capital stock. 

Authorized Capital
Stock 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 155,000,000 shares, of which: 

150,000,000 shares have been designated as Common Stock; and 

5,000,000 shares have been designated as Preferred Stock. 

We are authorized to designate
and issue up to 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more classes or series and, subject to the limitations prescribed by our
Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL, with such rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of each class or series of preferred
stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares
constituting any class or series as our board of directors may determine, without any vote or action by our stockholders. 

As
of April 30, 2023, there were 62,691,885 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and no shares of Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. 

All
outstanding shares of our capital stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

Common Stock 

Voting Rights 

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the
election of directors. 

The
DGCL could require holders of any of the shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock to vote separately, as a single class, in the following
circumstances: 

if we amended our Certificate of Incorporation to increase or decrease the par value of the shares of
a class of stock, then the holders of the shares of that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment;
and 

if we amended our Certificate of Incorporation in a manner that altered or changed the powers, preferences,
or special rights of the shares of a class of stock so as to affect them adversely, then the holders of the shares of that class would
be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment. 

1 

Dividends 

Subject
to preferences that may be granted to the holders of Preferred Stock, each holder of Common Stock is entitled to share ratably in distributions
to stockholders and to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Liquidation Rights 

In
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive, after payment of all
of our debts and liabilities and of all sums to which holders of any Preferred Stock may be entitled, the distribution of any of our remaining
assets. 

Conversion 

Shares
of Common Stock are not convertible into any other shares of our capital stock. 

Undesignated Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors is authorized to designate and authorize the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of our authorized Preferred Stock in
one or more series of Preferred Stock, and, in connection with the creation of such series, fix by the resolution or resolutions providing
for the issuance of shares the voting powers and designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights,
and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such series, including dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption
and liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting such series. 

The
particular terms of any additional series of Preferred Stock offered by may include: 

the maximum number of shares in the series and the designation of the series; 

the terms of which dividends, if any, will be paid; 

the terms of which the shares may be redeemed, if at all; 

the liquidation preference, if any; 

the terms of any retirement or sinking fund for the purchase or redemption of the shares of the series; 

the terms and conditions, if any, on which the shares of the series will be convertible into, or exchangeable
for, shares of any other class or classes of securities; 

the voting rights, if any, of the shares of the series; and 

any or all other preferences and relative, participating, operational or other special rights or qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of the shares. 

Our
board of directors may authorize the issuance of series of Preferred Stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect
the voting power or other rights of the holders of Common Stock. In addition, the issuance of Preferred Stock, while providing flexibility
in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change in control of our company and might harm the market price of our Common Stock. 

2 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Delaware Anti-Takeover
Statute 

We are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 prohibits persons deemed interested stockholders 
from engaging, under certain circumstances, in a business combination with a publicly held Delaware corporation for three
years following the date these persons become interested stockholders, unless: 

prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business
combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder,
the stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, calculated
in accordance with the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board of
directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least
6 6 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally, an interested
stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of
interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. Generally, a business combination 
includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence
of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors. We
also anticipate that Section 203 of the DGCL may also discourage attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the
shares of capital stock held by stockholders. 

Filling of Vacancies
on our Board of Directors 

Our
Bylaws provide that any vacancy or vacancies in our board of directors resulting from the death, resignation or removal of any director,
or an increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum. 

Issuance of Authorized
but Unissued Shares 

Our
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval. We
may use additional shares for a variety of purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, to fund acquisitions
and as employee compensation. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock could render more difficult
or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

In
addition, the authority possessed by our board of directors to designate and authorize the issuance of shares of our undesignated Preferred
Stock could potentially be used to discourage attempts by third parties to obtain control of our company through a merger, tender offer,
proxy contest, or otherwise by making such attempts more difficult or more costly. Our board of directors may issue our undesignated Preferred
Stock with voting rights or conversion rights that, if exercised, could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our Common
Stock. 

3 

Stockholder Meeting
Requirements 

Our
Bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may only be called at the request of a majority of our board of directors. 

Elimination of
Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws expressly eliminate the right of our stockholders to act by written consent. Stockholder action
must take place at the annual or a special meeting of our stockholders. 

Advance Notice
Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our
Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate
candidates for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders. Our Bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and
content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting
of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our meetings of stockholders. 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market and trade under the symbol CDMO. 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our Common Stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 

4 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 avid_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the following Registration Statements: 

(1) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-228735, No. 333-265905) pertaining to the 2018 Omnibus Incentive
Plan of Avid Bioservices, Inc., 

(2) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-208466, No. 333-192794, No. 333-185423, No. 333-178452) pertaining
to the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan of Avid Bioservices, Inc., 

(3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-171067) pertaining to the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan and 2010
Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Avid Bioservices, Inc., 

(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-215053) pertaining to the 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of
Avid Bioservices, Inc., and 

(5) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-257526) of Avid Bioservices, Inc.; 

of our reports dated June 21, 2023, with respect
to the consolidated financial statements of Avid Bioservices, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
of Avid Bioservices, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Avid Bioservices, Inc. for the year ended April 30, 2023. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Irvine, California 

 June 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 avid_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Nicholas S. Green, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avid Bioservices, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Nicholas S. Green 

Nicholas S. Green President and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 avid_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel R. Hart, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avid Bioservices, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Daniel R. Hart 

Daniel R. Hart Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 avid_ex3200.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 I, Nicholas S. Green, certify,
as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avid Bioservices, Inc. for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023: (i) fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (ii) that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form
10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Avid Bioservices, Inc. 

Dated: 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Signed: 
 /s/ Nicholas S. Green 

Nicholas S. Green 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

I, Daniel R. Hart, certify,
as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avid Bioservices, Inc. for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023: (i) fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (ii) that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form
10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Avid Bioservices, Inc. 

Dated: 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Signed: 
 /s/ Daniel R. Hart 

Daniel R. Hart

 Chief Financial
Officer 

 (Principal Financial
Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Avid Bioservices, Inc. and will be retained by Avid Bioservices, Inc. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cdmo-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cdmo-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cdmo-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cdmo-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

