<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230606_10-K_edgar_data_1379245_0001379245-23-000024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11155420</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>563030</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3971262</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2643997</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1577103</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2188761</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001379245-23-000024.hdr.sgml : 20230606
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230606163248
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001379245-23-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230606
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230606

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001379245
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-DETECTIVE, GUARD & ARMORED CAR SERVICES [7381]
		IRS NUMBER:				261875304
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-139045
		FILM NUMBER:		23996532

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3415 S SEPULVEDA BLVD STE 1100-1234
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-287-9994

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3415 S SEPULVEDA BLVD STE 1100-1234
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90034

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEARTRACK SECURITY SYSTEMS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ecologic Transportation, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	USR Technology, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080626

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001379245-23-000024.txt : 20230606

10-K
 1
 ebwk-20161231.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT 12-31-2016

ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2016 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

, including area code: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registration statement was required to submit such files). 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a , a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022, was based on a closing price of for Common Stock on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. For purposes of this computation, all executive officers and directors have been deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such executive officers and directors are, in fact, affiliates of the Registrant. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s 
 classes of Common Stock as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 common shares issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 30 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 30 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 30 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY STANDARDS 
 30 

ITEM 5 . 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 3 1 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 3 4 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 3 4 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 40 

ITEM 8. 
 FIN A NCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 40 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 41 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 41 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 4 2 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 43 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 49 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 56 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 58 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANTS FEES AND SERVICES 
 65 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 
 66 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or the Company s future financial performance. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company s or its industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 
 
 The Company s financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
 
 In this Annual Report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States Dollars, and all references to Common Stock refer to the Company s common stock. 
 
 As used in this Annual Report, the terms we , us , our, the Company and Enigma mean Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., PearTrack Systems Group, Ltd., Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. and Ecologic Products, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 CORPORATE OVERVIEW 

The Company s principal executive office is located at 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd., Suite 1100-#1234, Los Angeles, California 90034. The Company s telephone number is (888) 287-9994, and fax is (888) 899-1443. 
 
 The Company s website is www.enigma-bulwark.com. 
 
 The Company s Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol EBWK . 
 
 CORPORATE HISTORY 
 
 Formation and Development 
 
 The Company was incorporated in Nevada on September 30, 2005, and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. Formerly PearTrack Security Systems, Inc., the Company s name was changed to Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. on October 9, 2019, pursuant to a majority of the Company s shareholders and unanimous resolution of the board of directors. 
 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. Enigma or Company is a security and risk management company that provides physical security, technology-systems integration, and risk management advisory services. Services offered to assess and mitigate risk include security guards, risk management analysis, and proprietary and third-party technology and software. Target markets include corporations, governments and individuals across the globe. 
 
 On June 30, 2014, the Company entered into a non-exclusive License Agreement, in perpetuity, with AudioEye Communications, Inc. AudioEye ), a communications and technology company that owns a family of patents in the area of audio technology. AudioEye s proprietary materials consist of licensor-produced intellectual property used in the development of its technology and implementation of its products. 
 
 On October 17, 2014, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 9, 2014, PearTrack Acquisition Corp., a Nevada corporation PTAC ), the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, merged with PTSG, with PTSG as the surviving entity (the Merger ). As a result, PTSG became the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary. As part of the agreement, the Company issued an aggregate of 51,358,555 restricted shares of its Common Stock to the former PTSG shareholders on a 5.13586 for 1 basis. The issuance, representing approximately 90 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, increased the total issued and outstanding common shares from 5,706,506 shares to 57,065,061 shares. In addition, the Company changed its name from Ecologic Transportation, Inc. to PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. and its trading symbol to PTSS . As part of the Merger transaction, the Company issued a Senior Secured Promissory Note in the principal sum of 2,000,000 (the Note for the license of a Global Positioning System GPS tracking and remote asset-monitoring platform from PearTrack Systems, Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of PTSG. The platform, branded PearTrack, was built around an industry-leading battery management technology. The terms of the license of the PearTrack intellectual property PearTrack IP provided for the license to expire and all rights revert back to the licensors if the Company was unable to monetize the PearTrack IP and pay the Note in full within a two (2) year period. 
 
 As a result of the Merger, the Company, operating as PearTrack Security Systems, Inc., initiated a test deployment of its platform and system globally, and managed clients seeking to track their assets in motion and in remote locations. 
 Table of Contents 
 1 
 
 In 2015, to further develop the GPS platform, the Company acquired a patented intermodal container locking system, and expanded its focus to the global transportation of commercial goods on container ships, trains and trucks. On January 21, 2015, the Company entered into an Assignment and Licensed Rights Agreement Assignment and License Agreement by and between the Company and PearLoxx Ltd. PearLoxx for the assignment and exclusive license to the Company of certain PearLoxx patented technology (the Product in perpetuity. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Assignment and License Agreement, royalties are payable to PearLoxx on Adjusted Gross Revenue AGR generated by the Product as follows: 5 of AGR up to 5,000,000; 3 of AGR between 5,000,001 and 10,000,000; and 2.5 of AGR thereafter. On March 9, 2015, the Assignment and License Agreement was amended to, among other things, include as part of the consideration for the Product, the right for PearLoxx to purchase 5,706,506 shares of the Company s Common Stock at 0.001 per share, valued at 1,711,952. The Company rebranded the PearLoxx product to EnigmaLok. 
 
 As part of the plan to commercialize the PearTrack IP, the Company entered into an agreement with Jabil Circuits, Inc. on October 27, 2015, to manufacture the PearTrack cargo container tracking and PearLoxx locking system. The Company also entered into an agreement on July 15, 2016, with Telenor Connexion, an MTM division of the Telenor Group, an Oslo, Norway, telecommunications company, to provide a global contract for the PearTrack GPS tracking products and services. 
 
 During 2016 through 2018, the Company also sought financing for the further development of the PearTrack IP, the finalization of the PearLoxx container locking and tracking prototype, and the commercialization of an updated PearTrack platform and tracking system. In addition, strategic acquisitions were pursued to expand the Company s intellectual property portfolio. 
 
 Due to the Company s inability to successfully commercialize the PearTrack IP, all rights, title and interest in the PearTrack IP reverted to the former licensees on December 31, 2018, and, pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, the related Note issued to the licensors (the Note Holders was canceled. In addition, all rights to future royalties collectible under any sub-license previously issued by the Company for the PearTrack IP reverted to the Note Holders. As a result, in 2018, the Company recognized a gain on the extinguishment of debt of 2,000,000. 
 
 Although the PearTrack IP commercialization was unsuccessful, the Company continued to focus on security and risk management, and acquired intellectual property that is based on a patent-pending 2 interactive spontaneous video security technology (the Safer IP ). On October 11, 2018, the Company executed an Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement (the Safer Agreement with Safer, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Seller ), for the acquisition of the Safer IP. Pursuant to the Safer Agreement, in exchange for all rights, title and interest in the Safer IP, among other things, the Company delivered to Seller: 
 
 1. Common Stock Purchase Agreement providing for the Seller the right to purchase 3,500,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at a price of 0.001 per share, for 3,500 cash; and 
 2. Revenue Sharing Agreement providing for a cash earn-out of 3 to be paid to the Seller, up to 1,000,000 paid to Seller, derived from the Adjusted Gross Revenue generated by the Company in connection with the Safer IP; and 
 3. Royalty Agreement providing for a royalty of 1.5 of the Adjusted Gross Revenue generated by the Company in connection with the Safer IP. 
 
 In 2019, the Company was presented with an opportunity to start a security and risk management business headquartered in Cape Town, South Africa, and identified key management to operate the business unit. On August 30, 2019, the Company formed Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary EBRM ), to maintain the Company s security and risk management operations and assets. 
 
 In addition, EBRM acquired 100 of the shares of Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc., a Delaware corporation formed by the Company in May 2019 EBS ). The Company attracted key senior management talent with backgrounds in structured finance, insurance, management, and M A. On August 8, 2019, EBS received its license to provide physical security officers from the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, and commenced its security protection operations in southern Florida, providing security services to the hospitality industry, as well as large events and VIPs/celebrities. 
 
 As part of the development of the South African business unit, the Company, through EBRM, entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the JV Agreement on September 8, 2020, with Prime African Security, Ltd., a South African corporation Prime ), to provide security and risk management services in South Africa. The joint venture formed Prime Enigma Africa (Pty) Ltd., a South African corporation (the Joint Venture ), for which Prime owns 51 of the Common Stock and the Company owns 49 . The JV Agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and automatically renews unless canceled in writing by either party. 
 
 2 On July 21, 2021, the Company received a Notice of Allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office that its Patent Application 16/618,038 Network Based Video Surveillance and Logistics for Multiple Users was granted and would be issued to the Company. For additional information on the patent application, see Intellectual Property 
 2 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 In December 2019, an outbreak of the COVID-19 virus was reported in Wuhan, China. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO declared the COVID-19 virus a global pandemic, and on March 13, 2020, former President Donald J. Trump declared the virus a national emergency in the United States. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, the WHO reports over 757 million confirmed COVID-19 cases and over 6.8 million deaths worldwide, including over 1.1 million in the U.S. This highly contagious disease has spread to most of the countries in the world and throughout the United States, creating a serious impact on customers, workforces and suppliers, disrupting economies and financial markets, and potentially leading to a world-wide economic downturn. It has caused a disruption of the normal operations of many businesses, including the temporary closure or scale-back of business operations and/or the imposition of either quarantine or remote work or meeting requirements for employees, either by government order or on a voluntary basis. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect the Company s clients operations, its employees and its employee productivity. It may also impact the ability of the Company s subcontractors, partners, and suppliers to operate and fulfill their contractual obligations, and result in an increase in costs, delays or disruptions in performance. These effects, and the direct effect of the virus and the disruption on the Company s employees and operations, may negatively impact both the Company s ability to meet customer demand and its revenue and profit margins. The Company s employees, in many cases, are working remotely and using various technologies to perform their functions. The Company might experience delays or changes in customer demand, particularly if customer funding priorities change. Further, in reaction to the spread of COVID-19 in the United States, many businesses have instituted social distancing policies, including the closure of offices and worksites and deferring planned business activity. Additionally, the disruption and volatility in the global and domestic capital markets may increase the cost of capital and limit the Company s ability to access capital. Both the health and economic aspects of the COVID-19 virus are highly fluid and the future course of each is uncertain. For these reasons and other reasons that may come to light if the coronavirus pandemic and associated protective or preventative measures expand, the Company may experience a material adverse effect on its business operations, revenues and financial condition; however, its ultimate impact is highly uncertain and subject to change. 
 
 Management Changes 
 
 In connection with the Merger, effective October 17, 2014, Mr. William B. Nesbitt resigned as President and CEO, and Mr. E. William Withrow Jr., the President of PTSG and a member of the Company s board of directors (the Board ), was appointed Mr. Nesbitt s successor. Mr. Nesbitt remained a member of the Board, as well as President and CEO the Company s subsidiaries, Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. and Ecologic Products, Inc. In addition, Mr. Arran de Moubray, Mr. Paul B. Burke and Mr. John D. Macey, formerly directors of PTSG, were appointed to the Board. 
 
 On February 20, 2015, Mr. Philip J. Woolas was appointed as a Board member, to serve until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until his successor is duly appointed. 
 
 On October 22, 2015, the Company accepted the resignation of Paul Bernhard Burke as a Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 
 
 On November 5, 2015, Mr. Edward W. Withrow III resigned as Chairman and Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. E. William Withrow Jr., currently President and Chief Executive Officer and a Board member, succeeded him to serve as Interim Executive Chairman until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until his successor is duly appointed. 
 
 On November 5, 2015, the Company accepted the resignation of Arran de Moubray as a Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 
 
 On June 23, 2016, Mr. David M. Engert was appointed as a Board member, to serve until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until his successor is duly appointed. 
 
 On January 20, 2017, Mr. David M. Engert resigned as a member of the board of directors. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 
 
 On September 19, 2018, Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Kyle W. Withrow, succeeded him to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until he, or his successor is duly appointed. 
 
 On October 4, 2019, Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, Mr. David M. Rocke and Ms. Calli R. Bucci were appointed to the Board, to serve until the next annual meeting of the shareholders. Mr. John D. Macy was not re-elected to the board of directors. 
 
 On October 8, 2019, Ms. Calli R. Bucci resigned as Corporate Secretary. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Ms. Yinuo Rachel Jiang succeeded her to serve as Corporate Secretary until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until she, or her successor is duly appointed. 
 
 On January 12, 2021, Mr. John L. Ogden resigned as a Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Kyle W. Withrow, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, succeeded him as a director until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until he, or his successor is duly appointed. 
 
 On April 6, 2021, Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. resigned as Executive Chairman of the Board. His resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, a Board member, and the President of the Company s subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., succeeded him. 
 
 On April 6, 2021, Mr. Kyle W. Withrow resigned as the Company President and Chief Executive Officer, and as a Board member. His resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Oosthuizen succeeded him as President and Chief Executive Officer until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until he, or his successor, is duly appointed. The vacant Board member seat resulting from Mr. Withrow s resignation will remain open until a new member is elected at the next annual meeting of the shareholders, or is duly appointed by the Board. 
 
 On April 12, 2021, Mr. David Rocke resigned as a Board member, and consultant. His resignation was preceded by the Company s inquiry into Mr. Rocke s performance in connection with his Consulting Agreement dated May 1, 2019. The vacant Board member seat resulting from Mr. Rocke s resignation will remain open until a new member is elected at the next annual meeting of the shareholders, or is duly appointed by the Board. 
 
 On April 12, 2021, Mr. Michael Gabriele resigned as President of Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc. and its subsidiaries. His resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 
 Table of Contents 
 3 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Overview 
 
 The Company is currently structured with four wholly-owned subsidiaries: Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation EBRM ), and PearTrack Systems Group, Ltd. PTSG ), Ecologic Products, Inc. EPI ), and Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. ECR ), all Nevada corporations. The Company s current business activities are diversified into two specific markets: security and risk management, and remote/mobile asset tracking products. 

Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 Parent Corporation 
 Patented EnigmaLok Locking Technology 

Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc. 
 Cape Town, South Africa 
 Network-Based Video Surveillance (Patent-Pending) 
 Security and Risk Management / Intelligence 
 Security Guard Operations 
 Hotels, Events, VIPs 

Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. 
 Miami, Florida 

Prime-Enigma Africa Pvt . Joint Venture 

Ecologic Products, Inc. / Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 Environmental Transportation and Products 
 Seeking Strategic Opportunities 

Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, EBRM, the Company is operating a security and risk management business, and developing its proprietary, patent-pending and patented technology. EBRM is focused on providing security guards, both armed and unarmed, as well as security consulting and systems integration of security technology and software through the development of its patent-pending intellectual property (see Intellectual Property ), along with third-party Plug-N-Play products. 
 
 In August 2019, the Company, through EBRM s subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. EBS ), a Delaware corporation, established and operates a full-service security business targeting hospitality, corporate/executives, and petroleum assets. in Miami, Florida. EBS services include security guards, both armed and unarmed, as well as CCTV and video capture technology and security consulting services. As of October 2022, EBS maintains a staff of approximately forty-five (45) employees, including over forty (40) fully licensed security personnel, serving eleven (11) luxury and boutique hotels, restaurants and resorts in the greater Miami Beach, Florida, area. 
 
 In August 2020, EBRM formed a joint venture with Prime African Security, Ltd. Pty, a Pretoria, South Africa based full-service security company, accredited under the Private Security Industry Regulation Act 56 of 2001 (PSIRA), called Prime-Enigma Africa Ltd. Pty Prime-Enigma headquartered in Pretoria, South Africa. Prime-Enigma is currently bidding on security tenders from large international corporations operating in South Africa. 
 
 The Company also intends to provide a unique solution to security issues in the intermodal shipping container marketplace, with its patented container tracking and locking system, EnigmaLok (formerly PearLoxx), the rights of which were licensed to the Company in perpetuity in 2015 (see Intellectual Property ). 
 
 Through the subsidiaries, Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. and Ecologic Products, Inc., the Company continues its pursuits for strategic opportunities for its shareholders, as management believes that the brands have value for companies with environmentally-friendly consumer-related products and services. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 In today s complex and connected world, the Company believes that a holistic approach to risk management analysis is an essential component of business and life. The traditional idea of simply placing a guard at a post and using pen-and-paper systems has proven to simply be inadequate in this advanced and fast-paced society, and is precisely why technology needs to be adopted in private security. 
 4 
 
 The Company s goal is to establish a worldwide security firm that provides the highest level of security protocols, capabilities and solutions to individuals, companies, and governments. The Company s initial security operations service luxury hotels and resorts, events, and celebrities in the Miami Beach, Florida, area. The remaining operations are at various stages of development, ranging from commercial stage technology testing to early and mid-development stage, with about 25 of Enigma s value proposition at the research and development stage. As such, the Company will require additional investment capital to successfully implement its business strategy and fund the completion of its product development. There can be no assurance that such financing will become available or, if it does, that it will be offered to the Company on favorable terms. 
 
 The Company believes that the Miami, Florida, operations will be an ideal market entry point for its other security offerings, such as its Smart Video products. Management intends to utilize the Miami operations as a test market for these security technologies, of which the resulting data will prove invaluable in the Company s larger scale marketing endeavors. Enigma is targeting a wide range of industries, and is positioned to grow its business through the exploitation of its intellectual property and integrated solutions. 
 
 The Company s strategy is a multi-pronged approach that includes a combination of: 
 
 enhancing and expanding existing products and services; 
 expanding intellectual property through licensing; 
 identifying potential business acquisitions and strategic partnerships; 
 expanding nationwide security operations and customer base; 
 establishing security operations on a global scale; and 
 continuing to upgrade technologies and training personnel. 
 
 With the integration of experience, awareness, preparation, capability, innovation, and execution, the Company can design solutions that are threat-focused, intelligence-led, innovative and scalable solutions that will reflect a clients specific risks and objectives. 
 
 Client Benefits 
 
 Sector-Leading Expertise Former military personnel with security expertise and intelligence capability, both domestic and international. 
 Client-Focused Approach Security risk assessment and solutions specific to threats to employees and associates, assets, and investments. 
 Localized Solutions Services include training and managing local security resources. 
 Introduce/Upgrade Technology Augment and enhance the human workflow and make it more effective by the integration of technology solutions. 
 
 From forward-threat and asset-extraction professionals to armed and non-armed security officers with multiple certification levels, the Company s security solutions include threat assessment/analysis, mitigation planning and technology. In addition, with field-tested and field-selected software analytics, and improved communication protocols, clients and end-users are also demanding ancillary offerings for their security systems. The Company intends to include a variety of pre- and post- project services, such as: 
 project planning and advisory 
 hosted and remotely managed access-control and video 
 maintenance contracts 
 software licensing 
 internal or third-party monitoring 
 non-security services: 
 training 
 configuration 
 programming 
 
 Management 
 
 Management experience and insight translates into best practices and proven strategies that will help anticipate and respond to myriad facility, operational, and safety challenges with confidence. Enigma s management has extensive knowledge and experience in many fields requiring security and risk management protocols, such as multinational corporations, mining houses, telecommunication providers, transportation and energy companies. 
 
 Enigma s team is at the core of its value, with decades of intelligence and military experience, as well as technology expertise and specialized experience in: 
 
 advanced training techniques 
 new and innovative technology applications 
 intelligence and reconnaissance 
 risk assessment and threat identification. 
 Table of Contents 
 5 
 
 The Enigma team includes individuals with backgrounds from U.S. and South African Special Forces and military intelligence, and applies its experience to deliver measured and effective security management, regardless of adversary or operating environment. Additionally, Enigma is sensitive and experienced at managing low-profile, security operations in challenging environments. 
 
 The Company works with a core management team to remain flexible during times of non-engagement. With over forty years of professional military service, the Enigma team has established a large network of security professionals that can be deployed on a global basis. The Company will continue to identify diverse and skilled security personnel, and develop innovative solutions across the full spectrum of security needs. 
 
 Technology and Software 
 
 In today s environment, there is a high demand for companies to become more efficient, secure and operationally aware. That, in turn, is driving the need for real-time data capturing and processing for every part of their business, including security. 
 
 Physical security refers to restricting physical access of unauthorized people in controlled facilities to prevent damage to valuable hardware, software, network infrastructure, and other assets. Physical security includes security layers that protect personnel, network, and data in physical facilities, such as campuses, buildings, banks, and offices, from internal or external physical threats, such as natural disasters, fire, theft, burglary, vandalism, and terrorist attacks. 3 
 
 The physical security segment of the security industry is undergoing the most rapid technological change in its history. Today, a combination of technologies and services are transforming the delivery of physical security services, such as: 
 
 rising Internet Protocol (IP) adoption 
 declining legacy sales 
 emerging communication standards from broadband to 5G to Wi-Max 
 acceptance of security technologies as a service. 
 
 While physical security will always be an important barrier against enterprise theft, vandalism, and violence, cybersecurity continues to be the top security concern businesses face today, with a persistent and ever-growing threats. With the developments of cyber hacking, and recent global hijacking of major corporations infrastructures, the need for advanced security systems and technologies is at its greatest. To meet these demands, emerging technologies and concepts, such as artificial intelligence AI ), cloud computing, intelligent video analytics, and cybersecurity are at the forefront of the security industry. As companies plan to meet the threats of the future, budgets for security systems of all sizes are increasing, and are focused on innovative solutions. 
 
 The Company has a developed a strategic plan that will initially incorporate (i) a hybrid systems-integration business model, based on third-party products and services, and (ii) a recurring revenue subscription model, based on the exploitation of its proprietary intermodal container products and services. As the Company moves from equipment sales to consultative solution sales, the unique business problems of clients in target markets will be a primary focus. The Company is identifying vertical market initiatives that will concentrate its expertise. 
 
 System Integration 
 
 The Company is developing a business unit focused on providing technology-based security solutions through systems integration. System integration is defined simply as the process of bringing together the component sub-stems into one system. 4 Through system integration, the Company can provide a platform for both third-party technology as well as proprietary products, to be sold to clients through multiple business models, ranging from Security as a Service (SaaS) to direct product sales. 
 
 Integration between video and access control is the most sought-after combination. This leads to integration issues, as most manufacturers offer integrations with a variety of video and other security components but not with their fellow access control competitors. Additionally, vendors use their own unique application program interfaces and their own databases with reporting methods that make the integration process challenging. Having qualified System Integrators is essential to solving these issues. 
 
 System Integrators 
 
 A System Integrator is an individual or (company) that specializes in bringing together component subsystems into a whole, ensuring that those subsystems function together. 5 A security system integrators SSI ), for example, can configure a central command-and-control center with a common user interface that shares data. SSIs can also solve issues such as joining disparate security and non-security components so they communicate with each other properly. 
 
 Even as technology changes, the main objective of system integration remains the same: to seamlessly coordinate and link various security sub-systems to impede ever-increasing security threats. To meet these objectives, the SSIs engaged by the Company will have expertise installing and managing access control elements like gates, doors, and locks, video surveillance systems, emergency notification systems, lighting, network security and more. 
 3 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/physical-security-market-1014.html 
 4 https://en.wikipedia.org 
 5 https://en.wikipedia.org 
 6 

The Company will initially outsource its system integration needs by contracting with SSIs on a per project basis. An experienced SSI can help oversee the full lifecycle of a client s security systems. Additionally, SSIs can custom-design a security plans, as well as install, implement, test, manage and maintain it. Through the development of relationships with select SSIs, and proven success on multiple projects, the Company will recruit key SSIs that have the qualifications and competencies that best suit the Company s needs on an exclusive and permanent basis. 
 
 With the advent of AI, remote and sensor video analytics, cloud computing, and cybersecurity new opportunities open for the Company s system integration model. The Company believes that it is not whether technology will have a significant impact on the physical security industry in the next few years; it is which technology will prove the most valuable. With the rapid pace of change in technology, there is no simple answer to this question. The business challenges of yesterday may no longer be the challenges of tomorrow. The Company realizes the need to understand what the unique challenges are for each vertical it focuses on, and work with manufacturers to develop proprietary initiatives and provide proven solutions for specific markets. The Company s focus is on the following areas: 
 
 Security and Protection 
 
 Risk Management Advisory Services 
 
 Security Officers 
 Global and Executive Protection 
 Transportation Facilitators 
 Extraction Teams 
 Event/VIP/Celebrity Protection 
 COVID-19 Safety Protection 
 
 Advisory 
 Risk Assessment 
 Intelligence 
 Surveillance 
 Threat Assessment 
 Cybersecurity 
 COVID-19 Safety Protection 
 
 Technology and Software 
 
 Video Intelligence, Data and Smart Sensors 
 Video Analytics 
 Spontaneous Video Technology 
 Data Collection and Management 
 Intelligence 
 Analytics 
 Tracking, Monitoring and Securing of Assets 
 EnigmaLok 
 EnigmaTrak 
 EnigmaCode 
 
 Intelligence as a Service IoT Connectivity 
 Sensor Networks 
 API Connected Wearables 
 5G Connectivity 
 Zigbee Mesh 
 RF 
 Inaudible Tones 

The Company is primarily focused on the development of its patent-pending video surveillance technology, as well as the EnigmaLok prototype container security, tracking and locking system (see Intellectual Property ). 
 
 Future Technology Concepts and Strategies 
 
 The shifts in technologies identify opportunities to generate new business through the introduction of value-added applications, or new services capable of generating recurring monthly revenue. The Company s goal is to have the following technologies installed either separately or collectively, as part of an integrated offering: 
 
 Artificial Intelligence and Analytics 
 Clients are looking to AI and data analytics to gain better insight into their operations. These offerings can provide security-related intelligence or operational and customer insights. The key to AI is a self-learning algorithm that, over time, gets better at identifying certain targeted behaviors or transactions, and reduces false positives. The challenge for clients will be clearly defining which data is most valuable to them, who will have access to it, and how to best manage it. The Company can play a key role in this process by having those discussions with clients up front and encouraging a proof-of-concept phase before full rollouts are undertaken. 
 Facial Recognition 
 Facial recognition is growing in popularity among biometric forms of authentication. Microsoft has enabled it for access with Hello for Windows 10 users, major credit card companies have stated their interest in using facial recognition to verify payments and other financial institutions are using it to authenticate customers on mobile devices. Still, it s use spotting suspects in crowds and protecting airports and borders remains the brass ring for security professionals. 
 Security as a Service (SaaS) 
 The security market has seen an increased demand for Security-as-a-Service (SaaS) offerings. The combination of low, upfront capital costs, along with outsourced services, has made cloud-based video and access-control popular, especially in the hospitality and small-to-medium enterprise markets. As technology developers add more sophisticated applications and services to expand client insights and efficiencies, enterprise retail clients will seek SaaS more and more. Developed as a subscription business model, SaaS generates a recurring revenue stream. 
 Cybersecurity 
 The sheer scope and size of the data breaches the Company has witnessed over the past decade is a daunting reality. The breach of Equifax, one of the most notable examples, has heightened concerns over cyber-preparedness. In turn, clients are increasingly evaluating their level of cybersecurity preparedness, as well as that of their suppliers. The Company s initial strategy in the cybersecurity market will be to partner with an established cybersecurity company that provides leading-edge tools and solutions. 
 
 The execution of the Company s business strategy will be contingent upon and require significant financing. There can be no assurance that such financing will become available or, if it does, that it will be offered to the Company on favorable terms. 
 Table of Contents 
 7 
 
 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 

The Company s wide, but integrated, product and service offerings include security and protection services, intelligence and risk management advisory services, and security technologies. Because security must be addressed on several levels, the most productive approach requires the kind of broad expertise found with the Company s security professionals. The Company s team can determine the likelihood of a particular threat, prioritize action plans, recommend appropriate security measures, and implement solutions when necessary. 
 
 SECURITY AND PROTECTION SERVICES 
 
 Physical Security Services 
 
 Physical security includes security measures that are designed to deny unauthorized access to facilities, equipment and resources, and to protect personnel and property from damage or harm (such as espionage, theft, or terrorist attacks). Physical security involves the use of multiple layers of interdependent systems which include CCTV surveillance, security guards, protective barriers, locks, access control protocols and many other techniques. 
 
 The Company has retained security professionals with various skill levels, from basic security guards (agents and managers) to advanced professionals with backgrounds in military Special Forces. The Company currently provides security agents and security managers for onsite security-related services to hotels and resorts in Miami Beach, FL, as well as for special events and VIPs / celebrities. Its security operations maintains a staff of approximately forty-five (45) employees, including over forty (40) fully licensed security personnel, of which thirty (30) are full-time and ten (10) are part-time. The Company also has a team of experienced security professionals. 
 
 Security Agents 
 
 The Company s Miami-based security operations, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc., provides both armed and unarmed Security Agents Agents to its hotel/resort clients to ensure the premises are a safe and secure space for colleagues, clients, and staff. The duties involve controlling who enters and exits the building, inspecting existing CCTV footage for unusual activity, and detaining trespassers until the police arrive. This is typically a shift-based job, and overnight and weekend hours are common. Training is usually carried out on the job, but people in this role often need first aid knowledge and some basic self-defense skills. Candidates for this job should be in good physical health and have the stamina to work long shifts of standing and walking. They should also have keen observational skills and the ability to work independently for extended periods of time. 
 
 Skills and Qualifications 
 
 The Company requires all of its Agents to be licensed. In the state of Florida, where the Company s primary security guard operations are located, the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (FDACS) licenses and regulates the private security industry. All Agents must be licensed as follows: 
 
 Security Agent-Unarmed 
 Class D License 
 
 Security Agent-Armed 
 Class G License 
 
 Manager of a Security Business 
 Class M or MB License. 

The Company also requires Agents to have a calm disposition, the ability to act quickly and efficiently in stressful situations, and possess keen observation skills to spot anything that may pose a threat. The Company employs Agents with the following abilities: 
 
 Communication skills Communicate clearly and calmly in all situations, making points heard without losing temper or professional manner. 
 Attention to detail Quickly spots threats and other issues that could pose danger but might otherwise be overlooked. 
 Patience Shifts can involve many hours spent standing and observing a designated area, so patience and stamina are vital. 
 Good judgment Quickly assess situations and decide whether further action needs to be taken. 
 Problem-solving skills Difficult situations require the ability to troubleshoot and find solutions. 
 8 

Duties and Responsibilities 
 
 Although the jobsite an Agent is assigned to will determine the exact duties to be carried out, duties typically involve: 
 
 Enforce Laws 
 The Agent s primary responsibility is to enforce laws and safety regulations. Agents patrol designated areas to ensure there are no violations. 
 
 Respond to Emergencies and Threats 
 If an incident occurs, Agents respond quickly and calmly, while ensuring that all persons in the building, including themselves, are safe. If something arises that is dangerous or breaks security regulations, Agents immediately contact the police. 
 
 Monitor CCTV Cameras 
 Agents have access to alarms and CCTV footage, which they monitor closely to look out for anything that might pose a security threat. 
 
 Conduct Checks on the Premises 
 Agents regularly patrol their designated area to conduct security checks, control building access, and identify anything unusual. 
 
 Prepare Daily Incident Reports 
 Agents prepare daily reports to detail what occurred during their shift, highlighting any threats or unusual activities that were identified, and inform Agent carrying out next shift of anything that needs further attention. 

Security Managers 
 
 The Company s Miami-based security operations, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc., provides Security Managers Managers that monitor the day-to-day security operations, and implement security policies, regulations, and rules. Managers are required to hire new Agents and delegate tasks and duties to them. One of their main duties is to check and monitor the access control for visitors on the property. Security Managers also perform many of the following tasks: 
 
 Monitor events 
 Implement security protocols 
 Create emergency response procedures 
 Conduct security evaluations 
 Supervise Security Agents 
 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 Ensure Agents are conducting routine patrols of the jobsite 
 Ensure Agents are groomed and in proper uniform 
 Ensure Daily Incident Reports are being completed 
 Perform Daily Incident Report writing training, if needed 
 Complete walk throughs with Agents while on site, and note any discrepancies, issues or hazards 
 Ensure Agents are acting in accordance with the jobsite s requirements and guidelines 
 Ensure Agents are inspecting fire alarm panels and exterior doors 
 Monitor Agent overtime 
 Ensure offices are clean and clear of debris 
 Ensure no food is in offices 
 Periodically review Safety Committee Guidelines with the jobsite Manager 
 Check in with the jobsite s Director of Security (DOS), Property Manager on Duty (MOD) and/or Front Desk Manager and address any concerns related to the jobsite 
 Document any discrepancies and/or issues found and provide to the jobsite Manager 
 Work closely with the jobsite Manager to ensure any concerns or issues are being addressed 
 Prepare weekly scheduling of Agents to ensure proper coverage is in place 
 
 Executive Protection / Journey Management 
 
 Executives face threats that vary widely depending on the industry, size of the company, geopolitical locations, and the individual s profile. The Company s aim is to establish and maintain a safe working and living environment for its clients while continually minimizing risk. The Company achieves this by providing executive protection operatives to support its clients on a global basis. 
 
 The Company s expert security consultants and advisors will accompany high-net-worth senior executives, private individuals and their families to the most challenging environments. The Company s on-the-ground knowledge of risky locales, together with its expansive intelligence networks and proven methodologies means that the services recommended and provided by the Company are specially calibrated to the unique risks its clients face. The Company s executive protection services enable clients to carry out their business with confidence and peace of mind. 
 
 In addition to discreet close protection, Enigma s teams offer advice, liaison and coordination. The Company delivers comprehensive security from the moment a traveler arrives in country until their return flight is safely in the air. The Company s executive protection officers are formally trained and licensed to Security Industry Authority (SIA) standards or country equivalent. Their backgrounds are typically within the military, law enforcement or Special Forces. Both male and female officers can be deployed rapidly worldwide. The Company s officers are widely experienced in providing a discreet, efficient protection service, subject to visas and introduction letters if necessary. 
 Table of Contents 
 9 
 
 Maritime Security Services 
 
 Clients can commission customized threat assessments and security plans on marine facilities and operations to assist with planning, training, and implementing all aspects of maritime security and crisis management. Depending on a client s needs, the Company can assess and advise on risk mitigation for specific routes and areas, vessel security plans, counter-piracy support, regulatory compliance and supply chain assessment. 
 
 The Company has the skills and qualifications to consult on counter-piracy security design and vessel hardening, depending on the risks faced. The Company regularly undertakes vessel security reviews and audits to ensure compliance with BMP standards. 
 
 The Company also has experience in the security design of ports, warehouses and offshore maritime operations to reinforce key assets. The Company can provide specialized security teams and consultants who can coordinate a host nation s security personnel for complex, offshore security projects. 
 
 In-Sourcing 
 
 Many clients worldwide seek support to manage security-related projects on a temporary or permanent basis. Companies often lack the in-house capability to satisfy all security requirements. Enigma can fill this shortfall by deploying embedded consultants for a specific task, and passing on sector-specific knowledge that clients may not possess in-house. These consultants provide professional advice, tailoring strategies and tactics based on the Company s intimate understanding of the Company s clients operating environments. 
 
 Out-Sourcing 
 
 Enigma is well positioned to provide a global solution for corporations that require occasional support or longer-term solutions in several areas: 
 
 Close protection details 
 Armed protection teams in high-risk environments 
 Security awareness training 
 Intrusion testing 
 Technical surveillance countermeasures 
 Major event security 
 
 The Company s experienced professionals can provide security and peace of mind for those traveling in hostile, unfamiliar environments. By providing specialty security services, the Company can help to keep clients most valuable assets safe and secure. 
 
 Project Management in Hostile Environments 
 
 The Company s team Project Managers PMs have spent years in their respective fields, deployed primarily in hostile areas such as the Middle East and West Africa. PMs will handle projects from inception to execution stage, and approach each project as a unique opportunity. To fulfill a client s requirements, PMs will harness on industry best practices and personal experience, augmenting a client s needs by satisfying the following project requirements: 
 
 Initiate a project in a very hostile environment with seemingly no budgets and resources. 
 Prioritize problems and focus slender resources on the most critical tasks. 
 Carefully organize individuals into groups that can work on specific activities based on their skill sets and create a unified high performance project team. 
 Enable in-built agility to survive interruptions and attempts to shut it down. 
 Utilize knowledge areas (integration, scope, time, cost, quality, human resource, communications, risk, procurement) to intuitively initiate, plan and execute project. 
 
 Security System Audits 
 
 Security measures are of little use if they are not enforced. A security audit assesses how effectively an organization s security policies are being implemented. The Company can perform audits that will show a client where gaps and vulnerabilities might exist in their current systems and procedures. 
 
 Over these years, the Company s experienced team of security specialists have seen countless reasons for non-compliance with existing security procedures. Some protocols may be bypassed for the sake of convenience, or a perception of increased productivity. Other times, there is a resistance to change, or merely forgetfulness or carelessness. Multinational companies and those with multiple facilities can find it especially challenging to institute system-wide compliance with security procedures. 
 
 With the Company s anticipated global footprint, it will have the resources to not only uncover where weaknesses and security gaps exist throughout an organization, but also what issues are driving non-compliance. The Company can then help establish a balanced and effective security risk management program that a client can be comfortable and confident with. This exercise can be especially beneficial after an acquisition for standardizing policies and procedures. 
 
 The Company s security audits can also play an important role in internal investigations when anomalies are discovered, or wrongdoing is suspected. The Company s findings can be used for not only potential litigation/legal proceedings, but also to strengthen an organization s internal controls to mitigate future problems. 
 10 
 
 Security and Emergency Programs 
 
 An effective security program must cover many scenarios and clearly define the duties and expectations for everyone in an organization from the security department to management and employees, as well as third parties like local emergency responders and business continuity partners. By taking a multidisciplinary approach, the Company can review current security policies to ensure they cover current risks and vulnerabilities, and offer the best way to handle security and surveillance systems. 
 
 The Company can develop security policies tailored to the exact risks a client or organization faces all within the framework of laws and regulations of each country in which it operates. Depending on specific needs, the Company can assist with either comprehensive security programs or individual components, such as access control, workplace violence prevention, or executive protection. 
 
 Security Equipment Sourcing 
 
 The Company can recommend and help individuals and organizations source any needed security equipment. The Company has industry partners both within and outside its countries of operation with whom it can collaborate with for security equipment sourcing services. 
 
 Fraud Prevention and Ethics Programs 
 
 Regardless of size, all organizations are vulnerable to workplace fraud. Fraud can take many forms including embezzlement, forgery, theft of inventory and other assets, and computer crime and can continue unchecked for years. The financial impact can be devastating. 
 
 Although the Company believes preventing fraud is a good starting point for companies that want to improve or review their loss prevention strategies, it is not a substitute for expert advice. The Company encourages clients to seek appropriate professional advice for any specific issues that may arise when designing, implementing or reviewing loss prevention strategies. 
 
 RISK MANAGEMENT ADVISORY SERVICES 
 
 Since all threats are dynamic, the intelligence cycle never truly ends, and new or evolving threats must continually be identified and investigated. As criminal trends and geopolitical developments continue to pose physical security threats to organizations in a wide range of sectors, the intelligence cycle reinforces the critical, yet often overlooked, importance of context and subject matter expertise in addressing these challenges. The convergence of the digital and physical world is increasingly being tested to manage a diverse range of incidents ranging from extreme weather, malicious cyber-attacks, terrorist attacks, facility invasions, theft, vandalism, and many additional applications. Enigma uses a holistic approach to address all aspects of a client s security and operational risks for the most effective protection. Diverse skill sets and global resource relationships enable the Company s experts to manage projects from inception to completion. From securing counterfeit goods along the supply chain, to running drills to perfect executive protection in unstable locations, the Company s prompt response capabilities will deliver quality services across the entire security risk management continuum. 
 
 Because security risks are interconnected and ever-evolving, the Company can provide up-to-date advice on a wide range of security services to effectively manage risks. In addition, the Company can identify physical security weaknesses, focus on defined threats that could compromise a company s ability to provide adequate services to its clients, and provide a roadmap for remediating security vulnerabilities. 
 
 Corporate and Industrial 
 
 Bomb threats, workplace violence, stalkers, corporate espionage, supply chain disruption, and extortion. These dangers and more can arise without warning. The Company has the resources and expertise to analyze risks, identify suspects, develop intervention strategies, mitigate threats, and ultimately help you manage and resolve a wide variety of corporate and private client corporate security issues. 
 
 Risk, Threat Assessments and Defensive Strategy Development 
 
 Comprehensive threat and vulnerability assessments are essential to securing an organization. The security risk assessment process can help to identify all critical assets, assess the likelihood of known threats, evaluate existing countermeasures, and develop a prioritized plan to reduce risk. Through the Company s multidisciplinary approach, security is measured from every angle to mitigate risks from the physical environment to the human element, and the role of technology. 
 Table of Contents 
 11 
 
 Effective security starts with a clear understanding of vulnerabilities. The Company can help gauge strengths and weaknesses in a wide variety of scenarios, and help anticipate potential sources of new threats. The Company s vulnerability assessment methodology begins with an in-depth security review. No matter the focus of the assessment, the Company applies a time-tested methodology where: 
 
 current areas of exposure and any past security incidents are reviewed in order to identify potential vulnerabilities. 
 employees and other key individuals are interviewed for critical insights and information about situations, policies, and procedures. 
 a gap analysis is prepared to isolate areas where security protocols do not meet industry best practices. 
 recommendations are made and measures are implemented to mitigate any areas of vulnerability. 
 
 Security Awareness and Training Activities 
 
 Companies are realizing that an ethical and fiduciary responsibility exists to protect employees, customers, and others from physical harm. Demonstrating a commitment to security and the employee experience also reduces costs, maintains employee morale and retention, and improves customer perception. 
 
 All employers have both an ethical and legal duty of care towards their employees. The Company offers a wide range of training solutions that can assist employers in fulfilling this duty by preparing their staff for possible security issues, especially while travelling to or working in unfamiliar, medium or high-risk countries. 
 
 Training is tailored to reflect each employers countries and areas of travel, and provides insights into potential threats and risks as well as operating procedures in the country. The training courses are taught by highly qualified and experienced instructors, and offer a wide range of training modules, such as working with private security details, defensive and evasive driving skills, basic medical skills, and surveillance awareness. Wherever possible, courses are blended with interactive lectures, discussion exercises and scenarios, as well as realistic practical training to test key learning points. Courses last from two to five days and content is enhanced by up-to-date country-specific briefings from the Company s analyst team. An example of the courses offered are: 
 
 Hostile environment and security awareness training 
 Security management and consultancy 
 Contractors on deployed operations training 
 Defensive and offensive driver training (Tony Scotti Vehicle Dynamic Institute, South Africa). 
 
 International Intelligence and Threat Reports 
 
 Threat assessments by country provide in-depth information on both peaceful and the most troubled regions of the world. Country assessments include firsthand knowledge of in-country customs, environment, infrastructure, and a variety of circumstances encountered, with an emphasis on safety. Country threat assessments are compiled by a network of the Company s on-the-ground, in-country experts with hands-on experience and knowledge of local conditions. The Company s country threat assessments meet the necessary criteria mandates on corporate due diligence for overseas travel, which should not be compromised. 
 
 Secure Cloud and Server Data Storage and Services 
 
 In today s information economy, data can be an organization s most valuable asset. However, with the rise of mobile technology, cloud computing, and an exponentially growing volume of digital information, keeping that data secure also becomes one of today s greatest challenges. 
 
 Information security issues, such as data breaches or employee misconduct, are a constant worry for C-Suite leaders and front-line managers. Enigma provides secure off-site servers in a bomb-proof environment through third-party venders, as well as cloud-based services for its clients. 
 
 TECHNOLOGY AND SOFTWARE 
 
 Enigma is driven by innovation and the continual pursuit of mitigating risks faced by its clients. The Company combines technology and human intelligence to deliver Smart Intelligence. The technologies are at various level of development, ranging from those ready-for-market to those in multiple stages of the development process. These technologies include patented and patent-pending proprietary and third-party software, as well as patented and proprietary hardware. The Company s technical systems include the design, installation, and service of network-based security systems, video surveillance, access control, systems integration, and electrified locking hardware. Throughout its technical system engagements, the Company s team also works to develop a holistic understanding of the security issues and challenges facing the client. These insights are gathered and analyzed so the Company can ensure security hardware provides optimal coverage and effectiveness. 
 12 

Enigma s areas of focus for its technology and software are comprised of: 
 Safer Security System 
 Spontaneous Video Surveillance (SVS) 
 IoT ground-based video analytics with sensor-based communication and activation system 
 Video cap/glasses application networks 
 Multiple Mobile App products 
 EnigmaTrak Security Systems 
 EnigmaLok : Patented container locking system 
 EnigmaCode : Cargo validation with IoT connected remote locking and unlocking system 
 EnigmaTracker : GPS tracking and remote asset management 
 
 Safer Security System 
 Spontaneous Network Surveillance 
 
 The Company acquired a patent-pending interactive spontaneous video security technology, patent application 16/618,038 Network Based Video Surveillance and Logistics for Multiple Users, 6 that can perform surveillance utilizing multiple devices and users on a networked security system. The Company has branded the technology, Safer Security System, to be integrated as part of its security platform. 
 
 Mobile Apps in Physical Security Sector 
 
 Technology helps support security, safety, and emergency management programs at every level of society. Safety and security risks are virtually everywhere, including office, school, social events, retail establishments and hospitals. However, security professionals tasked with protecting the public can t always be everywhere, so they require timely information to prevent potential incidents. 
 
 Security professionals are trained to know when a person, or group of people are acting suspicious. They see, hear, and learn things every day that could help prevent a safety or security incident from happening. In fact, many incidents have early-warning predicators that are observable and these incidents can help be prevented with the right technology tools and techniques. 
 
 While well-trained security professionals will always remain the steadfast foundation of security programs, advancements in technology that are accessing easy-to-use apps can enhance their ability to gather intelligence and protect the facility. Blending personnel and technology can create solution efficiencies, target security efforts, and give security directors the power to make informed decisions that deliver even greater return on their security investment. 
 
 Safer Security System Mobile Application 
 
 Today s security professional can now access high-performance apps from their mobile phone or tablet, which enhances productivity, accountability, and access to vital information. The Safer Security System Mobile Application Safer Mobile App allows for an unlimited number of persons to connect to a centralized location, and the person or persons at a centralized location can have real-time visibility to events occurring and assess the current situation. The Safer Mobile App and security system provides real-time information, including: 
 
 Data collection . The Safer Mobile App allow security officers to capture data in real time. Automated instructions and questions can be set up for security professionals to answer at each checkpoint, such as entrances, escalators, and emergency callboxes. For example, a security professional on daily tours can be prompted monthly to document fire extinguishers inspection dates, essentially combining two tasks, and providing additional value. 
 
 Streamlined reporting . Data obtained at checkpoints can be visually analyzed to identify operational risks in addition to written reports from the security guard. These risks might include policy issues, such as specific doors repeatedly being left unlocked; safety issues, such as recurring hazards at specific elevators; or maintenance needs, such as inoperative callboxes. 
 
 Actionable information . Safer supports security strategy and enables optimized security officer deployments, precise post orders, directives for specific threats and countermeasure deployment to enhance security in areas where it is needed most. For example, incident management systems can identify sites and time ranges of incident volume based on historical data in the system. This can help determine security staffing levels and result in safer facilities and improved risk mitigation, reducing costs to the facility. 
 
 The Company s business ecosystems today include monitoring and response centers that provide an abundance of tools and technologies including threat intelligence platforms, remote video and alarm and event monitoring to traditional alarms and remote audio and positioning based patrol route management. Effective communication is critical to maximizing the efficiency and productivity of cutting-edge ecosystems to achieve optimum outcome that ensures enhanced safety and security. 
 6 On July 21, 2021, the Company received a Notice of Allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office that its patent application 16/618,038 Network Based Video Surveillance and Logistics for Multiple Users was granted and would be issued to the Company. For additional information on the patent application, see Intellectual Property 
 Table of Contents 
 13 
 
 Mass Notification Capabilities 
 
 For vital, time-sensitive messages, security professionals rely on mass notification apps to allow them to communicate real-time with any number of people using a text alert, voice message, or email message with digital signage and other customized channels so that the message can be shared instantly. 
 
 Mass notification alerts are also used to protect people from any number of hazards and emergencies, such as a flash flood warning for people traveling near a suddenly dangerous roadway, or a wildfire alert where flames could be creeping dangerously close to a road or housing community. These mass notification apps go beyond two-way communication to provide a full critical communications cycle that initiates an organization s emergency response plan s predefined crisis communication plan. 
 
 Security professionals and administrators can send notifications to thousands of people within seconds. They can initiate requests for help, reply to messages and actively monitor the well-being of their clients from a front-line perspective. 
 
 Integrating Safer into a mass notification Mobile App network affords centralized reverse real-time situational analysis that will allow professional to get out their messages and conversely be able to geo locate and identify persons in an area of interest and communicate the need to have the individual capture real-time video of their surroundings 
 
 EnigmaTrak 
 Security, Tracking Monitoring, and Remote Asset Management Systems 
 
 The Company licensed in perpetuity a patented container locking technology from PearLoxx Ltd., a United Kingdom company. The secure locking technology, branded EnigmaLok, has a built-in GPS tracking system that enables a shipping container to be both sealed securely and tracked using the same device. The EnigmaLok unit can be fitted in less than a minute with no drilling. 
 
 As part of Enigma s globally integrated security, monitoring, and remote asset management system, the Company has developed EnigmaTrak, a security s ystem that includes a market-leading battery life enhancement that will provide end-to-end real-time intermodal container and rail car cargo transport access, and intrusion tracking using its proprietary container security tracking technologies. The EnigmaTrak security system includes the following components: 
 
 EnigmaLok: Secure locking technology comprised of a patented steel container lock. 
 
 EnigmaCode: Proprietary remote communication platform that allows remote access and control of the locking and unlocking of the EnigmaLok. 
 
 EnigmaTracker : GPS tracking and monitoring component. 
 
 Key components of EnigmaTrak : 
 
 Electronically operated secure locking system using patented design. 
 Tamper and drill resistant design. 
 Local 5-digit code emergency access, and emergency power options. 
 GPS global tracking with GSM 2G/3G communication. 
 Automatic notification of lock operation and unlocking/locking events. 
 Sensors of movement, unit internal temperature, and low battery alarm options. 
 Local user one-touch re-locking. 
 Can be removed and refitted in less than 1 minute. 
 Up to 10-year operating life from primary battery pack (subject to frequency of report). 
 
 Tracking Process 
 
 While the EnigmaTracker Asset Tracking Unit ATU is in operation, geographical and operational data is periodically monitored and recorded within the unit s memory. At predetermined intervals, or upon an alert condition occurring, the ATU will transmit data to the EnigmaTrak cloud servers, normally via GSM 4G and 5G mobile phone network using General Packet Radio Service GPRS or Short Message Service SMS ). 
 
 All data received from the ATU is securely held within the EnigmaTrak cloud servers, and is accessible through the EnigmaTrak web portal using a standard internet connection and web browser application, providing maximum flexibility and ease of use, with minimal IT services and equipment. 
 
 The EnigmaTrak web portal provides access to secure cloud data, system functions, ATU configurations, asset locations (individually or by groups), alert method configuration, asset history, reports and data export, and much more. 

Figure 1 . EnigmaTrak Platform Configuration 
 14 

Data Transmission and Connectivity 
 
 Data is normally sent via the GSM 4G and 5G network. In areas with no or limited GSM infrastructure, the EnigmaTracker can rely on satellite communications and hybrid GSM / Satellite systems to ensure the tracking units are able to communicate with back-office systems. In an event where GSM signals are not available, the GPS satellites send radio signals from their orbit in space, the GPS receivers then use the signals to calculate the position of the EnigmaTracker to within 10 meters, almost anywhere on the planet. 
 
 To maximize battery life and minimize communication costs, the EnigmaTracker can store several positions and send them in a single report; otherwise, clients can customize the communication interval of their assets depending on their needs. 
 
 EnigmaLok : Patented Container Locking System 
 
 The EnigmaLok locking system integrates elements from the Sweloxx patents physical container locking system, with proprietary electronic control and deadlock system. The system provides an electronically operated security lock for shipping containers. The locking unit can be fitted in less than a minute with no drilling, which provides significant value to the Company s proposition. 

Figure 2 . EnigmaLok Assembly 

Figure 3 . EnigmaLok Placement on Door 
 Table of Contents 
 15 
 
 EnigmaCode : Cargo validation with IoT connected remote locking and unlocking system 
 
 The EnigmaLok lock assembly is operated by EnigmaCode, a remote access microcontroller-based lock control circuit. This electronic circuit can accept either remote open commands or a 5-digit local code input via a single button and LED combination. The deadlock bolt is operated using a motor driven gear/rack, and once the deadbolt is retracted a user can manually operate the lock. Lock open status can be signaled and re-locking is automatically inhibited while the lock bolt is open to prevent jamming. 
 
 EnigmaTra c k er : GPS Tracking and Remote Asset Management 
 
 The EnigmaTracker brings together satellite-based GPS technology, low-power electronic systems, high-capacity battery design, and the international Global System for Mobile Communication GSM infrastructure, to realize a range of extended-life autonomous positioning and communication devices for a variety of location-based services, telematics and communication services. 
 
 The EnigmaTracker product line is designed to combat serious global issues such as theft, damages of goods, illegal immigration, transport of dangerous goods and drug, and contraband smuggling. Some of the primary features of the EnigmaTracker include: 
 
 GPS-enabled units that can be tted discretely to each asset to monitor alarms, gather data, and communicate to the EnigmaTrak web portal via the GSM 4G and 5G mobile networks and/or Iridium platform (CDMA optional). 
 
 units in various sizes and footprints powered by non-rechargeable batteries that provide operating durations of 3, 5, 7, and 10 years. Rechargeable miniature devices are also available in 30, 90, and 180-day durations, targeting short-term hire and consignment applications. 
 
 fully self-contained units with no external wires or connections that can be easily installed onto assets in minutes, or concealed inside an asset or its contents. 
 
 unique antenna conversion kit for the EnigmaTracker-700 or EnigmaTracker-1000 that can be concealed within a shipping container to provide information about its location, temperature, movement and door opening. 

Figure 4 . EnigmaTracker-30R Concealed inside Shipping Container Vent 
 EnigmaTracker-30R 
 
 Dimensions: 64x42x22mm 
 Power: Internal Rechargeable Lithium Battery Pack; Up to 30-day battery life 
 Communications Options: GSM 4G and 5G 
 Positioning: GPS receiver, 12 Channel, L1 frequency, C/A Code; Position to 10m, velocity to 0.2m/s, time 0.2ns 
 Alarm Inputs: 4 digital inputs 
 Protection: Normally IP45, up to IP65 (weatherproof and dust resistant) on request 
 Features: Configurable on-board Geofence; Movement Sensor 
 Options: External GPS antennae; Mounting Bracket; 12/24-volt Vehicle Power supply; Recharge from standard mini-USB 5v charger. 
 
 EnigmaTracker-90R 
 
 Dimensions: Concealed inside standard container vent housing. 
 Power: Internal Rechargeable Lithium Battery Pack; Up to 90-day battery life 
 Communications Options: GSM 4G and 5G 
 Positioning: GPS receiver, 12 Channel, L1 frequency, C/A Code; Position to 10m, velocity to 0.2m/s, time 0.2ns 
 Alarm Inputs: N/A 
 Protection: IP65 (weatherproof and dust resistant) 
 Features: Configurable on-board Geofence; Unit removal/Tamper detection; Movement Sensor; Magnetic mounting 
 Options: Recharge from standard mini-USB 5v charger 
 16 

EnigmaTracker-180R 
 
 Dimensions: 130x80x35mm 
 Power: Rechargeable Internal Lithium Battery Pack; Up to 6-month battery life 
 Communications Options: GSM 4G and 5G 
 Positioning: GPS receiver, 12 Channel, L1 frequency, C/A Code; Position to 10m, velocity to 0.2m/s, time 0.2ns 
 Alarm Inputs: 2 digital inputs 
 Protection: IP65 (weatherproof and dust resistant) 
 Features: Configurable on-board Geofence; Movement Sensor 
 Options: Maximization; Tamper detection; External alarm reporting 
 
 EnigmaTracker-500 
 
 Dimensions: 150x80x57mm 
 Power: Internal Lithium Battery Pack; Up to 5-year battery life 
 Communications Options: GSM 4G and 5G, Iridium, and CDMA (optional) 
 Positioning: GPS receiver, 12 Channel, L1 frequency, C/A Code; Position to 10m, velocity to 0.2m/s, time 0.2ns 
 Alarm Inputs: 4 digital inputs 
 Protection: IP65 (weatherproof and dust resistant) 
 Features: Configurable on-board Geofence; Movement Sensor 
 Options: Alarm event reporting; External Antenna Kit; Tamper detection 
 
 EnigmaTracker-700(C/E) 
 
 Dimensions: 150x150x57mm 
 Power: Internal Lithium Battery Pack; Up to 7-year battery life 
 Communications Options: GSM 4G and 5G, Iridium, and CDMA (optional) 
 Positioning: GPS receiver, 12 Channel, L1 frequency, C/A Code; Position to 10m, velocity to 0.2m/s, time 0.2ns 
 Alarm Inputs: 4 digital inputs 
 Protection: IP65 (weatherproof and dust resistant) 
 Features: Configurable on-board Geofence; Movement Sensor; External Vent Antenna Kit 
 Options: External Alarm Reporting; Tamper detection 
 
 EnigmaTracker-1000C 
 
 Dimensions: 150x150x57mm 
 Power: Internal Rechargeable Lithium Battery Pack; Up to 10-year battery life 
 Communications Options: GSM 4G and 5G, Iridium, and CDMA (optional) 
 Positioning: GPS receiver, 12 Channel, L1 frequency, C/A Code; Position to 10m, velocity to 0.2m/s, time 0.2ns 
 Alarm Inputs: 4 digital inputs 
 Protection: IP65 (weatherproof and dust resistant) 
 Features: Configurable on-board Geofence; Movement Sensor; External Vent Antenna Kit 
 Options: External Alarm Reporting; Tamper detection 

Figure 5 . EnigmaTracker Units 
 Table of Contents 
 17 
 
 EnigmaTracker Battery Management 
 
 A number of factors can affect battery life, e.g., ambient temperature, GPS availability, communication method (and availability), reporting frequency, external monitoring, and the period over which the units are actually operating (longer operating periods will result in greater quiescent power usage and be impacted by losses within the battery chemistry). In order to standardize performance figures, the EnigmaTracker products have quoted expected battery life based on normal conditions and reporting four (4) events per day at typical room temperature. The Company is able to provide end users with suggestions to maximize battery life, if indications arise that a particular installation is not performing at optimal operating conditions. 
 
 Intelligent Monitoring and Reporting Software 
 
 The EnigmaTrak web-portal software centrally manages asset data, processes alarms, and alerts authorized users of critical information regarding their assets. Clients can access the EnigmaTrak platform through its web portal using any PC, Tablet, or handheld device. The services provided include customization, hosting and system integration to provide tailored solutions to meet customers specific needs. 
 
 Through the web portal, EnigmaTrak clients can locate assets using multiple map styles, edit personal and asset details, set up system alerts via email and/or SMS, generate reports, and change the operating parameters of each unit, including reporting intervals, geo-fence settings, and alarm periods. 
 
 Shipping Container Tracking Solutions 
 
 Container tracking solutions used for security purposes are often focused on monitoring the location and the integrity of the loading units to prevent criminal or other incidents. EnigmaTrak s container security solutions not only provide the necessary tracking and monitoring functions to global companies, but also provide an extra layer of security to their assets with other advanced technologies that allow the shippers to gain more control throughout the supply chain. 
 
 In-Transit Data: 
 
 EnigmaTrak provides shipping companies and container eet operators with in-transit data and information to help them better monitor their containers. And further increase the visibility and utilization of their supply chain networks. This allows clients to measure their supply chain performance, reduce bottlenecks and optimize routes, while they monitor containers and reduce the number of empty loading units. 
 
 Crime and Terrorism Prevention: 
 
 EnigmaTrak devices can provide valuable information about the container and cargo to customs authorities to help them determine high risks containers for inspections, preventing terrorist activities. Location data can show where the container has travelled and intrusion detection sensors can ensure the integrity of the cargo. Advanced sensors can provide other information such as whether a shipment contains illegal or dangerous goods, or if there are moving objects inside a container. 
 
 Insurance : 
 
 Containers equipped with intelligent tracking and monitoring devices such as EnigmaTrak or EnigmaLok are less exposed to transportation risks, including loss, tampering and damages. Even in events of unplanned human interventions, clients will receive alerts immediately and take actions accordingly. Reduced transportation risk can, in turn, decrease cargo shipping insurance premiums by 15 . 7 
 
 Ease of Use: 
 The minimum required hardware for security purposes are a GPS data transmitter and a door status sensor. Additional sensors can monitor both the integrity of the trailer or container as well as the condition of the cargo. 
 
 Reduced Costs: 
 With better visibility and utilization throughout the supply chain, shipping companies and container eet operators can greatly reduce their transportation and other related costs, such as: 
 transportation costs due to shipping empty containers around or taking longer routes 
 storage costs due to stocking up unnecessary inventory 
 human working capital costs due to container and inventory management 
 
 Transit Reports: 
 
 Throughout the transit process, EnigmaTrak s detailed transit reports provide information on container responsibility throughout the supply chain. Every activity and location of the asset is recorded to ensure the assets are being handled properly by proper people. In addition, any unplanned incident is recorded to help determine accountability. In the event of lost assets, the data recorded by EnigmaTrak can help increase recovery rates. By reducing the number of insurance claims submitted for losses, premiums and excess costs can also be reduced. 
 7 https://www.gpsinsight.com/gps-tracking-benefits/how-gps-fleet-tracking-can-help-lower-insurance-costs/ 
 18 

Non-Powered Stationary Asset Monitoring 
 
 The EnigmaTrak security system can also be used to provide real-time location and status reports for stationary assets, under any weather conditions, to increase the visibility of the supply chain. By monitoring stationary assets, the EnigmaTrak system can: 
 
 monitor equipment from mobile devices and receive alerts to maximize management and control; 
 verify arrivals and departures of the shipments from various checkpoints including warehouses, ports and delivery location; 
 decrease transportation costs and operating expenses by reducing the time, mileage and human working capital wasted from supply chain inefficiency; 
 lower operating expenses by decreasing the instances of having to send operators to verify the status of each asset; 
 cut operating expenses by reducing unnecessary idling; 
 reduce equipment downtime and unforeseen repairs by providing real-time reports and efficiently identify and rectify any issues; 
 reduce potential losses by locating equipment on worksites; 
 track valuable assets in remote areas with dual-network coverage to improve the security of their assets; and 
 increase insurance safety ratings and reduce expensive premiums. 
 
 In Development 
 
 2 nd Generation EnigmaLok 
 
 Geo-location code unlocks to restrict use of override code outside specified areas. 
 Remotely authorized unlock code changes via secure system and proprietary protocol. 
 Door open/close detection and reporting to alert users of attempts to trick the system. 
 Detection and reporting of dropped and shunted containers, which could result in load damage. 
 Detection and reporting of internal ambient temperature. Secondary internal system to provided intelligent monitoring and reporting of container status and content. 
 Load scans when doors are sealed locked, causing verification of content and benchmark levels. 
 Breaches to outer fabric of container cause tamper alert/reporting and load to be rescanned. 
 Consignees and forwarders of refrigerated goods such as fish, shrimp and flowers must know whether the refrigerator stopped working for a period and started after goods had thawed and then refrozen. 
 Sensor options including: 
 Contraband, explosives, and hazardous materials (subject to use additional sensors) 
 Critical atmospheric and climatic levels (subject to use additional sensors) 
 CO2 levels detection of human cargo (subject to use additional sensors) 
 Attack and breaches to fabric of container (this is aspirational will require new R D, so is subject to risk). 
 Nuclear-radioactive material 
 Biological warfare compounds and materials. 
 
 EnigmaData 
 
 EnigmaTrak uses increasingly sophisticated IT infrastructures that are capable of processing ever larger amounts of data with valuable and meaningful information. The Company is developing EnigmaData, a data management system, to provide these analytics to its clients to improve their business performance. 
 
 Data from each of the private databases will be stored on the EnigmaData cloud. EnigmaData will be able to normalize the data from the different databases, apply EnigmaData analytics and present the data in various formats to the clients. The EnigmaData client will have complete control of what data is shared, and with whom it is shared with. The EnigmaData platform will be provided to all EnigmaTrak clients on a trial basis: 
 
 Data will be collected from each EnigmaTracker through an integrated data repository, information-collecting and correlation-generating software system. 
 EnigmaData will include data such as goods being shipped by category, fees and taxes, harbor turnaround times, insurance rates, and other financial data. 
 All data from EnigmaTrak devices or tests will be collected and mandatorily reposited. 
 Related data will be acquired through WebCrawler-like applications. 
 Access to private databases will be made available (commercial partners, government agencies, port authorities, NGO regulatory authorities, etc.) 
 
 The Company intends on initially offering EnigmaData to its clients for a trial period, and then offering it as a fee-based subscription. 
 
 Cloud-Based Software as a Service (SaaS) 
 
 A unique billing structure is being developed based on a cloud-based SaaS model that will allow clients to choose when to deploy certain features, be billed when the service is activated, and suspend billing when the service is deactivated. Services include account and system upgrades, on demand features, and integration of new applications and services capabilities. 
 Table of Contents 
 19 
 
 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES 
 
 Security Market: Defined 
 
 Physical security is defined as the protection of personnel, hardware, software, networks, and data from physical actions and events that could cause serious loss or damage to an enterprise, agency or institution. It comprises of access control, surveillance, and testing. With the help of access control, physical sites are secured against attacks, accidents, or environmental disasters using locks, fencing, biometric access control systems, access control cards, and fire suppression systems. Physical locations are monitored by installing surveillance cameras and notification systems, including heat sensors, intrusion detection sensors, and smoke detectors. 
 
 With the advent of technology, there have been various advancements in wireless technology, and the launch of new wireless hardware components such as wireless locks and wireless controllers are being developed. The mass adoption of wireless technology in control systems reduces the cable required for the functioning of circuits and, with the adoption of cloud solutions, removes the need for server and software, which reduces the overall cost. Due to these advancements, cost of these systems in long run is reduced. There are many uses of wireless technology but not limited to secured transmission of data and wireless door control for access control systems to communicate in real-time. 
 
 Wireless video surveillance offers various advantages such as video capture, the transmission of video through wireless sensor networks, and video analysis. These wireless surveillance systems are cost-effective, as they eliminate the use of cables, which is ultimately more beneficial in the long term. Furthermore, the rising incidences of terror attacks are increasing, resulting in higher demand for physical security solutions. To reduce the crime rate, governments across the globe are employing physical security solutions. The corporate sector is also adopting physical security solutions to protect business assets, employees, and customers. 8 
 
 The demand for security continues to expand into areas beyond that of traditional security. Currently, the security market can be broken down into the following categories: 
 
 Services: 
 Systems: 
 
 Access Control as a Service (AcaaS) 
 Physical Access Control System (PACS) 
 
 Video Surveillance as a Service (VsaaS) 
 Video Surveillance System 
 
 Remote Monitoring Services 
 Physical Security Information Management (PSIM) 
 
 Security System Integration and Consulting 
 Physical Identity and Access Management (PIAM) 
 
 Managed Security Services 
 Security Scanning, Imaging, and Metal Detection 
 
 Risk Assessment and Analysis 
 Perimeter Intrusion Detection and Prevention 
 
 Maintenance and Support 
 Fire and Life Safety 

Services 
 
 Access Control as a Service (AcaaS) 
 Combines the benefits of Software as a Service (SaaS) with on-premises access control devices. Cloud-based solutions that control access remotely and backup and store data securely, providing permanent records of who accessed controlled areas or systems. 
 
 Video Surveillance as a Service (VsaaS) 
 Hosted cloud-based video surveillance, typically including video recording, storage, remote viewing, management alerts, cyber security and more. Over 93 percent of businesses have now adopted cloud solutions. 
 
 Remote Monitoring Services 
 Secure, real-time web-based service that functions as a second set of eyes into the health and status of a company s physical infrastructure. 
 
 Security Systems Integration and Consulting Services 
 Combining different security equipment to work together, achieving greater efficiency and safety. Security components that are integrated to work together will communicate and share information with one another, strengthening the entire system. 
 
 Managed Security Services (MSS) 
 Includes outsourced monitoring and management of security systems and devices. Through an MSS provider manages Security Incident and Event Management (SIEM) tools, Intrusion Detection Systems/Intrusion Prevention Systems, firewalls, anti-virus, vulnerability and compliance management, and more. 
 
 Risk Assessment and Analysis 
 Identifies, assesses, and implements key security controls. Focuses on preventing security defects and vulnerabilities. Includes the approach to the assessment of risk holistically from an attacker s perspective. 
 8 https://www.verifiedmarketresearch.com/product/physical-security-market/ 
 20 

Systems 
 Physical Access Control System (PACS) 
 A type of physical security designed to restrict or allow access to a certain area or building. Often, PACS are installed in order to protect businesses and property from vandalism, theft, and trespassing, and are especially useful in facilities that require higher levels of security and protection. 
 Video Surveillance System 
 A system of cameras, monitors/display units, and recorders. Cameras may be either analog or digital with a host of possible design features. These systems can be applied to both interior and exterior areas of a building or property. 
 
 Physical Security Information Management (PSIM) 
 Software platform that integrates security applications and devices, and controls them through one interface. PSIM provides a platform and applications that collect and correlate events from existing disparate security devices and information systems (video, access control, sensors, analytics, networks, building systems, etc.) to identify and resolve situations. 
 
 Physical Identity and Access Management (PIAM) 
 Software that integrates physical access control systems and badging with various business applications, such as HR and IT. PIAM solutions provide organizations with the ability to use policy-based tools and technology to link organizational roles and responsibilities with structured access to business systems, logical assets, and building services. 
 
 Security Scanning, Imaging, and Metal Detection 
 Includes full-body scanning devices and handheld units with a sensor probe, for the detection of objects on or inside a person s body for security screening purposes, without physically removing clothes or making physical contact full-body scanner. Most commonly used in airports and government buildings. 
 
 Perimeter Intrusion Detection and Prevention 
 Device or sensor that detects the presence of an intruder attempting to breach the physical perimeter of a property, building, or other secured area. Often found in high-security environments such as correctional facilities, airports, military bases, and nuclear plants. 
 
 Fire and Life Safety 
 Includes fire detection devices and fire alarm systems, as well as automatic fire sprinkler systems that, when activated, will control and contain the spread of the fire until appropriate fire agency arrives. 

Source: www.grandviewresearch.com 

Source: www.grandviewresearch.com 
 Table of Contents 
 21 
 
 Security Market Analytics 
 
 The security market continues to expand in the 21 st century, requiring a constant upgrade in security protocols and technologies. According to a report by FutureWise, the global security market is projected to grow at an CAGR of 7.5 between 2020 and 2027 to an estimated 270 billion, with North America expected to reach earnings of 53.15 billion by 2025. 9 
 
 The adoption of high-quality surveillance security systems with optimized distortion is increasing. In addition, a growing number of infrastructures across the globe has resulted in an increased demand for safety systems such as access control systems and video surveillance system for real-time monitoring. As a result, the demand for security systems is anticipated to continue to rise. 
 
 The drivers factoring the growth in the security market include: 
 
 Positive Drivers 
 Negative Drivers 
 
 IP based cameras / video surveillance 
 Growing crime rates 
 
 Increased use of wireless technology 
 Increasing terrorist activities 
 
 Technological advancements 
 Cargo and cyber theft 
 
 Increase in as a Service offerings 
 Piracy and hijacking 

A rise in illegal activities across the globe, coupled with stringent government regulations, has led to a surge in the adoption of security systems. The crime of piracy, once merely a historical phenomenon on ships sailing the seven seas, resurfaced in the 1990 s and, according to an expert risk article by Allianz (July 2020), continues to be a major modern-day security risk. 10 In May 2021, a major U.S. oil pipeline was cyber-hijacked for a 4.4 million ransom, shutting down 45 of the East Coast s supply of diesel, petrol and jet fuel. 11 
 
 The video surveillance systems segment continues to lead the market. The increasing use of cameras in various locations for security purposes, along with wireless technologies, is driving the demand for high-quality video cameras that enable effective monitoring. An increasing number of advancements in video capturing is encouraging providers to introduce new updates in minimal time with better quality. This is further creating an opportunity for growth of the security market. 
 
 In addition, the emergence of as a service model enables businesses to effectively manage the security of their people and assets. The traditional way of securing premises with an on-site access control and video surveillance system has been upgraded with the advent of the Access Control as a Service (AcaaS) and Video Surveillance as a Service VsaaS. 12 
 
 Government initiatives, fund support, and R D have aided in developing physical security solutions and services in the United States, which are additional factors driving the growth of the market. The U.S. government is investing in a significant number of federal budgets for developing its physical security framework. 
 
 With a healthy growth trajectory, both nationally and globally, the Company is targeting a market that has both early adoption and enormous need, driven by fundamental market factors. 
 
 Security Guard Industry 13 
 
 While some might think that the security guard industry has remained relatively the same over the years, worldwide trends and technological innovations can affect this industry just as much as any other industry. 
 
 One of the largest emerging trends is the increased use of smart technology for monitoring and managing security workforces. The implementation of GPS tracking and real time incident reporting have led to significant improvements in accountability while integrating apps with employee smartphones has allowed for improved communication and efficiency. 
 
 Management tools have also made a difference, helping back-office teams reduce human error and cut down on time spent managing vital tasks such as scheduling and payroll. The use of these technologies can improve profitability while also delivering better results to clients. 
 
 Another trend is global connectivity, which has led to a higher demand for security services. Increased reporting of terrorism and other violent incidents has made security operations of paramount importance for many companies and municipalities. As a result, the security guard industry is expected to grow as services are requested for more locations and events. In many situations, assessing potential security risks and taking steps to mitigate them has become a top priority when planning an event or opening a new facility, rather than just an afterthought. 
 
 The rising developments in security-oriented technology, as well as an increased demand for security services in general, presents significant growth opportunities to companies large and small. Those who are able to demonstrate to potential clients how they use technology to ensure a safe environment and a rapid response to on-site incidents will be in a much better position to land new contracts in the year ahead. 
 9 https://www.futurewiseresearch.com/information-technology-market-research/Physical-Security-Market/53 
 10 https://www.agcs.allianz.com/news-and-insights/expert-risk-articles/shipping-2020-piracy.html 
 11 https://www.bbc.com/news/business-57050690 
 12 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/physical-security-market-1014.html 
 13 https://www.tracktik.com/blog/security-guard-industry-current-trends/ 
 22 

Video Security Market 14 
 
 The rising demand for wireless and spy cameras has fueled the increase in the global video security market, which is expected to reach 74.6 billion in by 2025 at a CAGR of 10.4 , according to a report by Markets and Markets. Some of the factors driving the growth include increasing concerns for public safety and security, a growing usage of IP cameras, and a demand for wireless and spy cameras. 
 
 Video security has primarily been used by manufacturing, banking/financial, transportation, retail and media/entertainment industries for applications such as crime prevention, industrial processes monitoring. And traffic management. In addition, trends show that governments worldwide are providing funding for the development of smart cities, for the implementation of city-wide video surveillance. An increase in technological advancements in IoT, Big Data , cloud-based services, and an overall demand for VsaaS services, as well as advances in artificial intelligence and deep learning for video security systems are expanding the opportunities in the video surveillance market. 
 
 The Company anticipates three key distribution markets for the Safer technology: 
 
 Law enforcement/Fire Disaster Relief 
 
 With the adoption of the Safer Mobile App by the public, Safer would allow individuals who witness a crime in progress, a terrorist attack or a natural disaster, such as a flood or fire, to turn on the Safer Mobile App and be connected to law enforcement or the fire department and provide them with live, real-time video of the incident. Having this type of live captured events in real time will afford law enforcement/disaster response to make decisions on the situation as though they were at the location being videoed. 
 
 Private Industry 
 
 With the usage of the Safer Mobile App by a business s security guards, Safer would allow a centralized command-and-control center to pull up live video from the Safer Mobile App. In this scenario, security guards will have a concealed video camera integrated into their uniform, that will be activated by the guard, or remotely from command-and-control center. The camera will connect to the security guard s mobile phone via Bluetooth and capture events in real-time. The advantage of this system is that it will allow a senior person to analyze and assess a situation with more competency than a patrol security guard that does not have a background in situational analysis and assessment of dynamic environmental risk. 
 
 The Company is currently testing concealed video cameras integrated into a security guards uniform in their caps, lapel pins and badges. 
 
 Government Agencies 
 
 The Company defines its government agencies to include schools, hospitals, etc. Safety and security risks are everywhere, including the office, schools, concerts, retail malls and hospitals. However, security professionals tasked with protecting the public are not always available on-site, and require timely information to prevent potential incidents. 
 
 Container Tracking Market 
 
 The global container security market is segmented by Offering (Hardware, Software, Connectivity Devices, Telematics and Telemetry Devices, and Services), by Technology (GPS, Cellular, BLE, LoRa, WAN, and Others), and by Region. Intermodal containers that are equipment with GPS and have end-to-end visibility and traceability are commonly referred to as smart containers. Through an increased demand for security, and the implementation of revolutionary technologies, smart containers are quickly becoming a driving force in the shipping market. A 2020 study by Research and Markets on tracking and security of intermodal shipping containers projects that the base tracking units for remote tracking systems will grow at a CAGR of 25.4 to reach 23.2 million units by 2024. The study concluded that the overall market value for trailer and cargo container tracking solutions reached approximately 1.1 billion in 2019, and expected to grow at a CAGR of 16.2 to 2.2 billion by 2024. 15 
 
 With reliability of standard containers at only 50 , delays and losses in intermodal shipments have a significant negative impact on global economics and productivity. Key stakeholders in the market have adopted and implemented solutions to upgrade conventional containers. Initiatives towards simplification standardization of processes and procedures on an international level will eliminate inefficiencies, transforming maritime trade and boosting supply-chain performance. 16 
 
 14 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/video-surveillance-market-645.html 
 15 https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/world-market-for-trailer-and-cargo-container-tracking-2020-2024---growing-at-a-cagr-of-16-2-the-total-market-size-is-forecast-to-reach-2-2-billion-in-2024--301097101.html 
 16 https://www.maritimekr.com/2021/03/23/maritime-insight-42/ 
 Table of Contents 
 23 
 
 Enigma Target Market 
 
 The Enigma business plan focuses on security across the spectrum, with an emphasis on system integration. The Company s target market includes both corporate and personal security, surveillance for the protection of high value assets, remote locations, and intermodal containers, as well as data protection. Organic sales growth and proprietary research and development, as well as acquisitions of companies and/or intellectual property deemed strategic to its business, are key elements to differentiate Enigma among its competitors. The primary target markets can be summarized as follows: 
 
 Physical Security Guard Market 
 Risk Management Market 
 Security Intelligence Services 
 
 Physical Security Guard Market 
 
 The Physical Security Guard Market is composed of operators that provide guard and patrol services, in-transit cash and valuables protection and investigation and detective services. These services are provided to a variety of clients including individuals, businesses, and government agencies. 
 
 Risk Management Market 
 
 Risk Management is the ongoing process of identifying security risks and implementing plans to address them. Risk is determined by considering the likelihood that known threats will exploit vulnerabilities and the impact they have on valuable assets. 

RISK MANAGEMENT LIFECYCLE 
 24 

Threat Intelligence 
 
 Threat intelligence is evidence-based knowledge an organization uses to understand the threats that have, will, or are currently targeting the organization. This information is used to prepare, prevent, and identify cyber threats looking to take advantage of valuable resources. 

THREAT INTELLIGENCE LIFECYCLE 

The Company views the market for providing threat intelligence consulting services to be in demand for the next decade. Whether the threats come from external or internal sources or cyber or physical property or persons, the evolving dynamics of the threat s companies face will continue and the Company s need to protect itself against these threats will grow in relationship to the growth of the threats. 
 
 The ever-growing number of threats targeting organizations is straining security teams and has resulted in the introduction of numerous security solutions attempting to alleviate the problem. But there is not a single solution that provides complete protection from or visibility into all threats, leaving organizations to evaluate and implement a combination of security tools and services to protect their organizations from threats. 
 
 Cross Pollination: 
 
 The Physical Security Guard service has the ability to cross pollinate with security consulting and technology services. An example of this cross pollination is: 
 
 The Company performs its initial security audit for security guard services for a hotel client; 
 The hotel management/owners seek to expand their understanding of the risks to their facility, their guests and their employees and request additional advice; 
 The Company enters into a second agreement for security advisory services; 
 The Company s audit and advisory services lead to additional products and service offerings to the customer, such as dynamic CCTV, AI, and other security technologies. 
 
 BARRIERS TO MARKET 
 
 COVID-19 Impact on Security Market 17 
 
 The physical security market includes major Tier I and II suppliers like ADT, Cisco, Bosch Building Technologies, Honeywell, and Johnson Controls. These suppliers provide service offerings across various countries in the Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Latin America, and MEA regions. COVID-19 has impacted their businesses as well: 
 
 ADT is utilizing its 9 monitoring centers and backup facilities across the US to ensure that its critical monitoring and customer care services continue uninterrupted 24/7 during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 ADT has successfully tested its ability to equip its monitoring professionals with company-secured hardware, and respond to alarms while working remotely if it becomes necessary in a severe situation during the pandemic. 
 As of April 2020, Cisco continued its commitment to customers during the COVID-19 pandemic and partnered with 2.5 billion in financing to support business resiliency. 
 The adaptability of Bosch s standard access card readers provides contactless access control, such as contactless door entry. The readers will also provide advantages in buildings, with the ability to map precisely who is where, who can enter certain areas and if the occupancy of a building is conforming with physical distancing. 
 In April 2020, Genetec released an access control feature to help stop the transmission of COVID-19. A new reporting function for its Synergis access control system has been designed to help organizations identify persons that came in close proximity to someone thought to be contagious. 
 17 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/physical-security-market-1014.html 
 Table of Contents 
 25 
 
 Physical Security Market Challenges 
 
 The major hindrance in the growth of physical security market is privacy. With the increasing adoption of video surveillance, concerns have been raised as to the misuse of video and privacy violations. Various civil liberties groups and activists are opposed to video surveillance. It has been suggested that organizations take necessary steps to lower the impact of video surveillance systems on the privacy of people, by issuing guidelines such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). With the introduction of GDPR in Europe, any public or private organization using CCTV to monitor public accessible areas must adhere to the regulatory requirements. 
 
 Unlawful surveillance continues to be a major concern in the United States, and the federal government and most states have enacted legislation that criminalizes recording communications without obtaining consent from either one or all of the parties, depending on statute. A number of states, including California, Massachusetts, New York, and Illinois have enacted discrete laws pertaining to surveillance, including location tracking, drone photography, and even smart TV snooping features. 18 
 
 Security Guard Industry Challenges 
 
 One of the largest challenges of the security guard industry is hiring qualified security guards and back-office staff who understand how to use technology effectively. While not all companies are in a position to hire new workers, technology training is essential for ultimate success and competitive edge. The use of real time activity feeds, live metrics, tracking devices, and other technological advances will spread quickly through the security guard industry. Companies that implement it properly will thrive, while those who are unprepared for the changes technology brings or simply refuse to implement it will struggle. 
 
 By implementing high-quality technology and offering training and learning resources to their employees, companies can make the transition go more smoothly so that their team is better able to adapt to the new system and deliver better results. 
 
 An increased demand for security guard companies also means that more companies will need to look for new workers as they expand their business. Finding the best employees is a challenge, especially in an environment where workers are in high demand. Although expanding companies should not delay the process of increasing staff, the should also thoroughly vet potential employees before adding them to a security guard team. 
 
 Video Security Challenges 19 
 
 Despite the high growth rate of the video security market, there are significant challenges, including price erosion, cyber-security attacks on video surveillance equipment, component shortages and increased barriers to international trade to some countries. Increased tariffs and the banning of large vendors in the international market have contributed to the market barriers. In fact, the US government banned the use of products from two of the largest global manufacturers, Hikvision and Dahua. 
 
 Other challenges facing the video security market include the need for a skilled workforce, and concerns about privacy. 
 
 Shipping Container Industry Challenges 
 
 There are several key challenges facing the cargo shipping market. It is expected that over 860 million shipping containers will be transported throughout the globe in 2021 20 , transporting raw materials and manufactured goods across the continents. The overwhelming amount of shipping containers has resulted in a more complex and less transparent supply chain network, leading to: 
 Increased dwell-time of containers at each location. 
 Increased labor-costs and human interventions. 
 Increased risks for delay, damage, spoilage and theft. 
 
 Cargo thefts is a global issue. Unmonitored containers maybe be subjected to hostile human interventions throughout the shipping process. In the United States alone, there were an estimated 870 cargo thefts in 2020 worth over 145 billion, representing an increase in volume of 23 , and an increase in value of 41 , from 2019, and the highest increases since 2015. A significant cause of the 2020 increases was the COVID pandemic, accounting for an estimated 43 of total thefts. 21 These stolen goods are then resold back to the market or used for counterfeiting and other purposes, resulting in: 
 
 Increased financial loss 
 Increased insurance rate 
 Increased risk for of damages to brand-image 
 Increased risk of market disturbance 
 18 https://iclg.com/practice-areas/data-protection-laws-and-regulations/usa 
 19 https://www.bizbahrain.com/what-are-the-challenges-in-the-video-surveillance-market/ 
 20 https://www.statista.com/markets/419/topic/489/water-transport/#overview 
 21 https://www.ccjdigital.com/business/article/15064734/recorded-cargo-theft-incidents-average-values-increased-in-2020 
 26 

Despite the heavy ow of containers ooding into ports every day, only 3 of these containers are physically inspected before entering the country 22 . Since 9/11, concerns have been raised that terrorists can potentially take advantage of the aws in supply chains, utilizing unmonitored containers against national interests. In addition to suspecting the threat of a weapon of mass destruction arriving in a shipping container at a port, many also suspect that the money generated by organized cargo theft is being funneled back to fund terrorists activities, causing: 
 
 Increased risks of terrorists smuggling mass destruction weapons and illegal dangerous goods 
 Increased risk of bombs threatening the port security 
 Increased the vulnerability of national security 
 
 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE 
 
 Increasing competition in the market, owing to the introduction of advanced technologies, is driving the need for automation in organizations at various levels. The following represent the key players in the security market: 
 
 ADT Inc. (US) 
 Allied Universal Security Services LLC (US) 
 Anixter International, Inc. (US) 
 
 Axis Communications (Sweden) 
 Bosch Building Technologies (Germany) 
 Cisco Systems, Inc. (US) 
 
 G4S PLC (UK) 
 Genetec Inc. (Canada) 
 Hikvision Digital Technology Co., Ltd. (China) 
 
 Honeywell International, Inc. (US) 
 Johnson Controls International PLC (US) 
 Secom Co., Ltd. (Japan) 
 
 Senstar Corporation 
 Stanley Convergent Security Solutions, Inc. (US) 
 Zhejiang 

The companies holding the largest market share in the U.S include G4S PLC and Allied Universal Security Services LLC, with North America being one of the most developed countries in terms of technology. Physical security is necessary in this region due to factors such as the need for safety against terrorist activities, government regulations, illegal immigration, technological developments, increasing criminal activities, and the requirement to reduce the cost of security workforce. These threats have led to the need for physical security systems, such as access control, perimeter intrusion detection, and video surveillance. Moreover, the presence of some of the key players in the market are expected to drive the growth of the market in the North American region. 23 
 
 Video Security Competitive Landscape 24 
 
 Due to an increasing demand for video surveillance in public places such as cities, schools, colleges, religious places, airports and stations, government initiatives are fueling the growth of the video security market. Asia Pacific is predicted to be the largest and fastest-growing region due to an increasing number of security threats and concerns in China, Japan, India, and South Korea, among others. A rising incidence of theft, terrorist attacks and other crimes has increased the demand for video security. The key players in the video surveillance market are: 
 
 Hikvision (China) 
 Dahua Technology (China) 
 Axis Communications (Sweden) 
 
 Bosch Security and Safety Systems (Germany) 
 Hanwha Techwin (South Korea) 
 Avigilon (Canada) 
 
 FLIR Systems Inc. (US) 
 Honeywell Commercial Security (US) 
 Panasonic i-PRO Sensing Solutions (US) 
 
 Pelco (US) 
 Agent Video Intelligence (US) 
 CP Plus (India) 
 
 Genetec (Canada) 
 Huawei Technologies (China) 
 NEC (Japan) 
 
 Nice Systems (Israel) 
 Qognify Inc. (US) 
 Tiandy Technologies (China) 
 
 VIVOTEK (Taiwan) 
 Zhejiang Uniview Technologies (China) 
 Infinova Corporation (US) 

To maintain a leadership position in the video security market, key players maintain a broad product line in hardware and software, with customers in a wide variety of market segments such as public security, transportation, education, healthcare financial institutions, energy and intelligent buildings. With the development of innovative products and security solutions that include technologies such as AI cloud software and facial recognition, along with the integration of IoT with information networks, a key player can maintain a leadership position in the market, and remain at the forefront of advancements in technology. 
 
 22 https://www.greenworldwide.com/the-difference-between-cargo-screening-vs-inspection/ 
 23 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/physical-security-market-1014.html 
 24 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/video-surveillance-market-645.html 
 Table of Contents 
 27 
 
 Smart Container Competitive Landscape 25 
 
 With the rise in need for monitoring solutions by various cargo shipping companies for the container transportation process, the development of mobile-based applications is essential for providing real-time throughout the supply chain. The major players in the smart container market include: 
 
 Orbcomm (US) 
 Smart Containers Group AG (Switzerland) 
 Nexiot AG (Switzerland) 
 
 Traxens (France) 
 Globe Tracker (Denmark) 
 Phillips Connect Technologies (Division of Phillips Industries) (US) 
 
 SeaLand (Maersk) (Denmark) 
 Robert Bosch Manufacturing Solutions (Robert Bosch GmbH) (Germany) 
 Ambrosus (Switzerland) 
 
 ZillionSource Technologies Co., Ltd. (Cisco) (China) 

Currently, a major dependence is extensively on the US market. To maintain its leadership in the smart container market, key players need to find consistent revenue pockets in Europe and APAC, which are likely to offer exciting opportunities. 
 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 
 The Company s operations will be subject to various federal, state and local laws, regulations, and controls. The Company believes it is in compliance with any such regulations affecting its business. 
 
 While the United States has no plenary data protection regulator, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) authority is very broad, and often sets the tone on federal privacy and data security issues. In addition, a variety of other agencies regulate data protection through sectoral laws, including the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Department of Health and Human Services, the Federal Communications Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and the Department of Commerce. 
 
 Federal Trade Commission Act 26 
 
 The Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S Code 41 et seq.) broadly empowers the FTC to bring enforcement actions to protect consumers against unfair or deceptive practices and to enforce federal privacy and data protection regulations. The FTC has taken the position that deceptive practices include a company s failure to comply with its published privacy promises and its failure to provide adequate security of personal information, in addition to its use of deceptive advertising or marketing methods. 
 
 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 
 
 The increasing adoption of video surveillance has come with some opposition with regards to personal privacy rights. To address these concerns, the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA) adopted the General Data Protection Regulation on April 27, 2016 (formerly Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC), on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data The regulation became enforceable on May 25, 2018, and contains provisions and requirements related to the processing of personal data of individuals (formally called data subjects in the GDPR) who are located in the EEA, and applies to any enterprise regardless of its location and the data subjects citizenship or residence that is processing the personal information of individuals inside the EEA. It has been suggested that U.S. organizations and individuals with video surveillance services issue similar guidelines. In fact, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), adopted on June 28, 2918, has many similarities with the GDPR. However, there is no single principal data protection legislation in the United States. Rather, various laws enacted at both federal and state levels serve to protect the personal data of U.S. residents. 
 
 Security and Accountability For Every (SAFE) Port Act of 2006 
 
 The SAFE Port Act of 2006 was an Act of Congress in the United States covering port security. The bill calls for, among other thing, 100 of U.S.-bound Ocean containers to be scanned at the foreign port of origin. The bill was enacted and signed by former President George W. Bush on Oct 13, 2006. The bill became the law numbered Public Law 109-347. The DHS delayed the implementation of key sections of the SAFE Port Act of 2006 until 2016. 
 
 Container Security Initiative 
 
 The Container Security Initiative (the CSI was launched in 2002 by the U.S. Bureau of Customs and Border Protection CBP ), an agency of the DHS. Its purpose was to increase security for container cargo shipped to the United States. The CSI allows Customs and Border protection (CBP ), working along with host government Customs Services, to examine high-risk maritime containerized cargo at foreign seaports, prior to being loaded on board vessels destined for the United States. 
 
 The CSI consists of four core elements: 
 
 Using intelligence and automated information, identify and target containers that pose a risk for terrorism. 
 Pre-screen containers that pose a risk at the port of departure before they arrive at U.S. ports. 
 Using detection technology, such as gamma ray detectors, quickly pre-screen containers that pose a risk. 
 Use smarter, tamper-evident containers. 
 
 The initial CSI program has focused on implementation at the top 20 ports that ship approximately two-thirds of the container volume to the United States. CSI is now operational at ports in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, the Middle East, and Latin and Central America. CBP s 58 operational CSI ports now prescreen over 80 percent of all maritime containerized cargo imported into the United States. Smaller ports have been added to the program at their instigation, and participation is open to any port meeting certain volume, equipment, procedural, and information-sharing requirements. Future plans include expansion to additional ports based on volume, location, and strategic concerns. 
 
 MANUFACTURING 
 
 In addition to system integration of third-party technologies for its security service offerings, the Company will identify third-party manufacturers to outsource the manufacturing for its hardware (EnigmaLok), and software (Safer Systems) products and technologies. 
 
 The Company will internally develop prototypes of its proprietary technology, and test features at prototype levels through the retention of independent contractors. 
 25 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/smart-container-market-194648249.html 
 26 https://iclg.com/practice-areas/data-protection-laws-and-regulations/usa 
 28 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

The Company is developing a proprietary system of secure and encrypted communication that will allow the Enigma systems to be delivered through a web portal in an audio format with multiple linguistic capabilities. In addition, Enigma has plans to develop an audio technology in conjunction with AudioEye, Inc., that will allow the end user to interact with the security and tracking device vocally, and will enable the end user to ask specific questions aloud, in sequential or non-sequential order, and accelerate the gathering and assimilation of information and collection of data. 
 
 Patents, Patent Applications, Exclusive Licenses and Patent Portfolio Overview 
 
 I. On June 30, 2014, the Company entered into a non-exclusive License Agreement, in perpetuity, with AudioEye Communications, Inc., a communications and technology company that owns a family of patents in the area of audio technology. Proprietary materials consist of the following licensor-produced intellectual property used in the development of the technology and implementation of product: 
 1. Patent 7,653,544 and 8,046,229 (US) Method and apparatus for website navigation by the visually impaired 
 The present invention is a server-side method and apparatus that enables visually-impaired users to navigate websites and hear high-quality streaming audio of narration and descriptions of each website. The system involves creating an audible website corresponding to an original website by utilizing voice talent to read and describe web content and create audio files for each section within an original website, then assigning a hierarchy and navigation system based on the original website design. 
 Application Country Date Filed Status Date Granted Patent Number 
 1. 10/637,970 United States 08/08/2003 Provisional 01/26/2010 7,653,544 
 1a. 12/637,512 United States 12/14/2009 Granted 10/25/2011 8,046,229 
 2. Patent 8,296,150 (US) System and method for audio content navigation 
 A system and method for communicating one or more audio files through a network. One or more original files of an original web site are converted into one or more audio files. An indication is provided to a user that the one or more original files are available as the one or more audio files in response to the user navigating the one or more original files. The one or more audio files are delivered to a computing device of the user through the network in response to a request to access the one or more audio files. 
 Application Country Date Filed Status Date Granted Patent Number 
 2. 13/214,347 United States 08/22/2011 Granted 10/23/2012 8,296,150 
 3. Patent 7,966,184 (US) System and method for audible web site navigation 
 Systems and methods for an audio-based content management, navigation and retrieval system are provided. The system translates and organizes content, for example text, Podcasts, RSS, pictures, video, into audio output, and provides intelligent access to the content for use on the internet, mobile phones, MP3 devices, or other digital devices. A user may listen to and navigate content by listening to streaming audio and performing simple keystroke or audio commands from an Internet enabled or other digital device. 
 Application Country Date Filed Status Date Granted Patent Number 
 3. 13/280,184 United States 10/24/2011 Abandoned N/A N/A continued under 3a 
 3a 11/682,843 United States 03/06/2007 Granted 06/21/2011 7,966,184 
 3b. WO2013063066A1 Worldwide 10/24/2012 Pending 
 3c. JP2014538913A Japan 10/24/2012 Pending 
 4. Patent 8,260,616 (US) System and method for audio content generation 
 
 A system and method for generating audio content. Content is automatically retrieved from an original website according to a predetermined schedule to generate retrieved content. The retrieved content is converted to one or more audio file. A hierarchy is assigned to the one or more audio files to provide an audible website that mimics a hierarch of the retrieved content as represented at the original website. The audible website is stored in a database for retrieval by one or more users. A first user input is received indicating an attempt to access the original website. The audible website is indicated as being associated with the original website in response to the user selection. Portion of the audible website are played in response to a second user input. 
 Application Country Date Filed Status Date Granted Patent Number 
 4. 13/483,758 United States 05/30/2012 Abandoned N/A N/A continued under 4a. 
 4a. 13/098,677 United States 05/02/2011 Granted 09/04/2012 8,260,616 
 5. Patent 8,589,169 (US) System and method for creating audio files 
 A system and method for creating one or more audio files. One or more original files are converted into the one or more audio files. A hierarchy associated with the one or more original files is assigned to the one or more audio files. An indication is given that the one or more audio files are associated with the one or more original files. The one or more audio files are communicated through an audio interface in response to a request to access the one or more audio files. 
 Application Country Date Filed Status Date Granted Patent Number 
 5. 14/055,366 United States 10/16/2013 Abandoned N/A N/A continued under 5a 
 5a. 13/545,417 United States 07/10/2012 Granted 11/19/2013 8,589,169 
 
 For further information on the non-exclusive license of the Patents and Patent Applications above, and the complete text of the License Agreements, please refer to Exhibits 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report filed June 6, 2023 on Form 10-Q . 
 
 II. On March 9, 2015, the Company completed the assignment and license in perpetuity to the following container locking system intellectual property EnigmaLok IP ): 
 1. Patent 8,245,546 (US) Container lock and method for locking of container door 
 The present invention relates to a container lock, and a method for locking of at least one door of a standardized container. The door has a frame edge portion, and further is a thereto adjacent frame edge portion provided, which frame edge portions are used to lock the door in a closed position. 
 Application Country Date Filed Status Date Granted Patent Number 
 1. 12/226,228 United States 04/13/2006 Granted 08/21/2012 8,245,546 
 1a. EP20060112631 Europe 04/13/2006 Granted 01/07/2009 EP1,845,225 
 
 For further information on the exclusive license of the Patents and Patent Applications above, and the complete text of the Assignment and Licensed Rights Agreement and subsequent Modification, please refer to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Current Report filed January 21, 2015, on Form 8-K , and Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Quarterly Report filed May 20, 2015, on Form 10-Q , respectively. 
 
 III. On October 11, 2018, the Company executed an Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement (the Safer Agreement with Safer, Inc., for the assignment and license to the following intellectual property in the area of security and risk management Safer IP ). 
 
 On July 21, 2021, the Company received a Notice of Allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office that its Patent Application 16/618,038 Network Based Video Surveillance and Logistics for Multiple Users was granted and would be issued to the Company. 
 
 1. Patent Application 16/618,038 (US) Network Based Video Surveillance and Logistics for Multiple Users 
 A security system, method, device and network. The system includes one or more communications networks including at least one wireless network. The system further includes a network storage device operatively connected to the one or more communications networks for storing feeds. The system further includes a number of mobile devices communicating with the network storage device through the one or more communications networks. The mobile devices capture feeds that are sent to the network storage device. 
 Application Country Date Filed Status Date Granted Patent Number 
 1. 62,513,315 United States 05/31/2017 Assigned N/A N/A continued under 1a 
 1a. 16/618,038 United States 05/30/2018 Pending 
 1b. PCT/US18/35185 International 11/27/2019 Pending 
 
 For further information on the acquisition of the Patent above, and the complete text of the Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement, please refer to Exhibit 10.26 filed October 10, 2019 on form 8-K . 
 
 There can be no assurance that the Company will be granted patents for any of the patent applications it has filed with the USPTO or other patent organization worldwide. 
 Table of Contents 
 29 
 
 Facilities 
 
 At December 31, 2016, the Company s principal executive office was located at 1327 Ocean Avenue, Suite B, Santa Monica, California, 90401. The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, PearTrack Systems Group, Ltd., was headquartered in Alameda, California, with offices in Manchester, England. 
 
 As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the Company s principal executive office is located at 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd., Suite 1100-#1234, Los Angeles, California 90034. The office located at 1327 Ocean Avenue, Suite B, Santa Monica, California, 90401, was vacated in January 2021. The offices for the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, PearTrack Systems Group, Ltd., in Alameda, California, and Manchester, England, were vacated in 2017. 
 
 The Company s telephone number is (888) 287-9994, and fax number (888) 899-1443. 
 
 The Company s website is www.enigma-bulwark.com . 
 
 The Company s security guard website is www.enigma-bulwarksecurity.com . 
 
 Personnel 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company engaged 27 six (6) individuals, inclusive of two (2) executive officers / directors. All personnel were full-time. 
 
 As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the Company engages five (5) individuals, inclusive of three (3) executive officers / directors. All five (5) personnel are full-time. In addition, the Company s security operations, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. maintains a staff of approximately forty-five (45) employees, of which thirty-five (35) are full-time and ten (10) are part-time. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the Company spent 8,500 and 53,884, respectively, on research and development of its product line. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, the Company spent no funds on research and development of its product line, due to cash flow restraints. 
 
 Reports to Security Holders 
 
 The Company is not required to deliver an Annual Report to its stockholders, but will voluntarily send an Annual Report, together with the Company s annual consolidated audited financial statements upon request. The Company is required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company s Securities and Exchange Commission filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . 
 
 The public may read and copy any materials filed by the Company with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Company is an electronic filer. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The Internet address of the site is http://www.sec.gov . 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

The Company s former corporate headquarters, located at 1327 Ocean Avenue Suite B, Santa Monica, California 90401, were vacated in January 2021. The Company s current corporate headquarters are located at 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd, Suite 1100-#1234, Los Angeles, California 90034. 
 
 The Company believes its current premises are adequate for the Company s current operations, and the Company does not anticipate that it will require any additional premises in the immediate future. When, and if, the Company requires additional space, the Company intends to move at that time. The Company does not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining any required facilities. The Company currently does not rent or own any real property. 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company knows of no material existing or pending legal proceedings against it, nor is the Company involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of the Company s directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY STANDARDS 

Not applicable. 
 
 27 The majority of the Company s management are engaged as consultants under consulting agreements. 
 Table of Contents 
 30 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

In the United States, the Company s common shares are traded on the OTC Pink under the symbol EBWK. The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices for its Common Stock per quarter as reported by the OTC Pink. These prices represent quotations between dealers without adjustment for retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 
 
 The high and low prices of the Company s common shares for the periods indicated below are as follows: 
 Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.0001 
 0.0001 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.0002 
 0.0002 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.0002 
 0.0002 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.0100 
 0.0100 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.0015 
 0.0015 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.0073 
 0.0073 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.0500 
 0.0500 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.0500 
 0.0500 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 0.0300 
 0.0300 
 
 September 30, 2020 
 0.0300 
 0.0300 
 
 June 30, 2020 
 0.0900 
 0.0900 
 
 March 31, 2020 
 0.0800 
 0.0800 
 
 December 31, 2019 
 0.0800 
 0.0800 
 
 September 30, 2019 
 0.0100 
 0.0100 
 
 June 30, 2019 
 0.0100 
 0.0100 
 
 March 31, 2019 
 0.0100 
 0.0100 
 
 December 31, 2018 
 0.0100 
 0.0100 
 
 September 30, 2018 
 0.0100 
 0.0100 
 
 June 30, 2018 
 0.0400 
 0.0400 
 
 March 31, 2018 
 0.0200 
 0.0200 
 
 December 31, 2017 
 0.0100 
 0.0100 
 
 September 30, 2017 
 0.0200 
 0.0200 
 
 June 30, 2017 
 0.0200 
 0.0200 
 
 March 31, 2017 
 0.0200 
 0.0200 
 
 December 31, 2016 
 0.0200 
 0.0200 
 
 September 30, 2016 
 0.0600 
 0.0600 
 
 June 30, 2016 
 0.0500 
 0.0500 
 
 March 31, 2016 
 0.0700 
 0.0700 
 
 December 31, 2015 
 0.0800 
 0.0800 
 
 September 30, 2015 
 0.1200 
 0.1200 
 
 June 30, 2015 
 0.3000 
 0.3000 
 
 March 31, 2015 
 0.2500 
 0.2500 

The Company s Common Stock is subject to rules adopted by the Commission regulating broker dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Those disclosure rules applicable to penny stocks require a broker dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized list disclosure document prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission. That disclosure document advises an investor that investment in penny stocks can be very risky and that the investor s salesperson or broker is not an impartial advisor but rather paid to sell the shares. The disclosure contains further warnings for the investor to exercise caution in connection with an investment in penny stocks, to independently investigate the security, as well as the salesperson with whom the investor is working and to understand the risky nature of an investment in this security. The broker dealer must also provide the customer with certain other information and must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. Further, the rules require that, following the proposed transaction, the broker provide the customer with monthly account statements containing market information about the prices of the securities. 
 Table of Contents 
 31 
 
 Record Holders 
 
 The Company s common shares are issued in registered form. Securities Transfer Corporation (formerly Island Stock Transfer) STC ), 2901 Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, TX 75093 (Telephone (469) 633-0101) is the registrar and transfer agent for the Company s common shares. 
 
 On December 31, 2016, the shareholders list of the Company s common shares pursuant to STC showed 107 registered shareholders and 67,821,405 shares outstanding. The total number of shares outstanding stated in the STC list of 67,821,405 includes 27 shares issued due to rounding, and does not include 1,561,375 shares issued to various consultants for services provided. 
 
 As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the shareholders list of the Company s common shares pursuant to STC showed 117 registered shareholders and 134,091,547 shares outstanding. The total number of shares outstanding stated in the STC list of 134,091,547 does not include 2,500,000 shares issued for consulting services provided. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The Company has not declared any dividends on its Common Stock since the Company s inception. There is no restriction in the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws that limit the Company s ability to pay dividends on its Common Stock. However, the Company does not anticipate declaring and paying dividends to its shareholders in the near future. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The Company maintains the 2009 Stock Option Plan the 2009 Plan ), wherein 20,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance. The 2009 Plan is intended to assist the Company in securing and retaining key employees, directors and consultants by allowing them to participate in the Company s ownership and growth through the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options. Under the 2009 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options only to employees and non-qualified stock options to employees, officers, directors and consultants. Subject to the provisions of the 2009 Plan, the Board will administer the plan, and determine grants. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had granted options to purchase a total of 724,755 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, of which 492,255 have expired and 130,000 were forfeited/canceled. There were 102,500 stock options outstanding at December 31, 2016. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company expensed no stock option compensation. There remained no deferred stock option compensation at December 31, 2016 and 2015. 
 
 On October 1, 2018, pursuant to a Board resolution, the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan the 2018 Plan was established, wherein 20,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance. The 2018 Plan is intended to assist the Company in securing and retaining key employees, directors and consultants by allowing them to participate in the Company s ownership and growth through the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options. Under the 2018 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options to employees and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants. Subject to the provisions of the 2018 Plan, the Board will administer the plan, and determine grants. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, 18,544,000 restricted stock awards and 500,000 stock options were granted under the 2018 Plan, and 956,000 shares remain reserved. 
 
 On September 20, 2019, pursuant to a Board resolution, the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan the 2019 Plan was established, wherein 20,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance. The 2019 Plan is intended to assist the Company in securing and retaining key employees, directors and consultants by allowing them to participate in the Company s ownership and growth through the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options. Under the 2019 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options to employees and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants. Subject to the provisions of the 2019 Plan, the Board will administer the plan, and determine grants. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, 7,000,000 restricted stock awards and 10,875,133 stock options were granted under the 2019 Plan, and 2,124,867 shares remain reserved. 
 
 On October 1, 2021, pursuant to a Board resolution, the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan the 2021 Plan was established, wherein 20,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance. The 2021 Plan is intended to assist the Company in securing and retaining key employees, directors and consultants by allowing them to participate in the Company s ownership and growth through the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options. Under the 2021 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options to employees and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the Board will administer the plan, and determine grants. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, 2,500,000 restricted stock awards and 5,000,000 stock options were granted under the 2021 Plan, and 12,500,000 shares remain reserved. 
 
 Plan Name 
 
 Plan Reserve 
 
 RSAs Granted 
 
 Options Granted 
 
 Reserve Balance 
 
 2009 Stock Option Plan 

-- 
 
 724,755 

2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 18,544,000 
 
 500,000 
 
 956,000 
 
 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 7,000,000 
 
 10,875,133 
 
 2,124,867 
 
 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 12,500,000 

60,000,000 
 
 28,044,000 
 
 17,099,888 
 
 15,580,867 

Plan expired 2019 

32 

As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the Company has granted options to purchase a total of 17,099,888 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, of which 4,812,564 were exercised, 594,755 have expired, 130,000 were forfeited/canceled, and 11,562,569 were outstanding. 
 
 During the years subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, the Company expensed a total of 29,838 in stock option compensation. There remained 33,112 in deferred stock option compensation as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 The Company did not purchase any of its shares of Common Stock or other securities during the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 The Company did not purchase any of its shares of Common Stock or other securities subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 There were no unregistered securities issued by the registrant during the year ended December 31, 2016, including sales of reacquired securities, as well as new issues, securities issued in exchange for property, services, or other securities, and new securities resulting from the modification of outstanding securities. 
 
 The following represents all unregistered securities issued by the registrant subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, including sales of reacquired securities, as well as new issues, securities issued in exchange for property, services, or other securities, and new securities resulting from the modification of outstanding securities: 
 
 On October 1, 2018, in connection with a certain employment agreement, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock at 0.001 per share to a related party, for cash in the amount of 1,000. 
 
 On October 11, 2018, in connection with the acquisition of certain intellectual property from Safer, Inc., the Company issued 3,500,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock at 0.001 per share, for cash in the amount of 3,500. 
 
 On August 29, 2019, in connection with certain non-compete non-dilution agreements, the Company issued 13,334,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock at 0.001 per share to related parties for cash in the amount of 13,334, plus 210,000 shares under the non-dilution provision at 0.001 per share for cash in the amount of 210. 
 
 On September 20, 2019, in connection with the exercise of certain stock options, the Company issued 4,010,470 shares of its restricted Common Stock to related parties at an exercise price of 0.005, for cash in the amount of 20,052. 
 
 On October 6, 2019, pursuant to a resolution of the board of directors, the Company issued an aggregate of 6,000,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock to seven (7) of its officers and directors, at 0.001 per share, for cash in the amount of 6,000. 
 
 On October 8, 2019, in connection with a certain consulting agreement, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock at 0.001 per share to a related party, for cash in the amount of 1,000. 
 
 On October 10, 2019, in connection with a certain non-compete non-dilution agreement, the Company issued 4,000,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock at 0.001 per share for cash in the amount of 4,000. 
 
 On November 13, 2019, in connection with services provided, the Company issued 1,500,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock at 0.001 per share for cash in the amount of 1,500. 
 
 On December 20, 2019, in connection with the exercise of certain stock options, the Company issued 802,094 shares of its restricted Common Stock to related parties at an exercise price of 0.005 for cash in the amount of 4,010. 
 
 On August 31, 2021, in connection with the conversion of related party debt in the amount of 1,238,251, the Company issued an aggregate of 23,066,991 shares of its restricted Common Stock to six (6) related parties, including three (3) officers, of which 941,096 was at a conversion price of 0.05 per share, and 297,155 was at a conversion price of 0.07 per share. 
 
 On November 5, 2021, in connection with the conversion of debt in the amount of 696,301, the Company issued 2,785,205 shares of its restricted Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.25 per share. 
 
 On January 1, 2022, in connection with a consulting agreement, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares of restricted Common Stock at 0.001 per share for cash in the amount of 2,500. 
 
 Exemption From Registration . None of the foregoing transactions involved any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. Unless otherwise stated, the sales of the above securities were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (and Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder) as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. The recipients of the securities in each of these transactions represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were placed on the share certificates issued in these transactions. All recipients had adequate access, through their relationships with us, to information about us. The sales of these securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising. 
 Table of Contents 
 33 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or the Company s future financial performance. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company s or the Company s industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 
 
 The Company s consolidated audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated audited financial statements and the related notes for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 As used in this Annual Report, the terms we , us , our, the Company and Enigma mean Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., PearTrack Systems Group, Ltd., Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. and Ecologic Products, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 Corporate History 
 
 The Company was incorporated in Nevada on September 30, 2005, and is a headquartered in Los Angeles, California. Formerly PearTrack Security Systems, Inc., the Company s name was changed to Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd., on October 9, 2019, pursuant to a majority of the Company s shareholders and unanimous resolution of the board of directors. 
 
 The Company is a security and risk management company that provides physical security, technology-systems integration, and risk management advisory services. Services offered to assess and mitigate risk include security guards, risk management analysis, and proprietary and third-party technology and software. Target markets include corporations, governments and individuals across the globe. 
 During 2014 through 2016, the Company, operating as PearTrack Security Systems, Inc., initiated a test deployment of its platform and system globally, and managed clients seeking to track their assets in motion and in remote locations. 
 
 During 2016 through 2018, the Company sought financing for the finalization of the PearLoxx container locking and tracking prototype. In addition, strategic acquisitions were pursued to expand the Company s intellectual property portfolio. 
 
 Due to the Company s inability to successfully commercialize the PearTrack IP tracking platform acquired in 2013, all rights, title and interest in the PearTrack IP reverted to the former licensees on December 31, 2018, and, pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, the related Note issued to the licensors (the Note Holders was canceled. In addition, all rights to future royalties collectible under any sub-license previously issued by the Company for the PearTrack IP reverted to the Note Holders. As a result, in 2018, the Company recognized a gain on the extinguishment of debt of 2,000,000. 
 
 Although the PearTrack IP commercialization was unsuccessful, the Company continued to focus on security and risk management, and acquired intellectual property that is based on a patent-pending 28 interactive spontaneous video security technology (the Safer IP ). On October 11, 2018, the Company executed an Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement (the Safer Agreement with Safer, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Seller ), for the acquisition of the Safer IP. Pursuant to the Safer Agreement, in exchange for all rights, title and interest in the Safer IP, among other things, the Company delivered to Seller: 
 
 1. Common Stock Purchase Agreement providing for the Seller the right to purchase 3,500,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at a price of 0.001 per share, for 3,500 cash; and 
 2. Revenue Sharing Agreement providing for a cash earn-out of 3 to be paid to the Seller, up to 1,000,000 paid to Seller, derived from the Adjusted Gross Revenue generated by the Company in connection with the Safer IP; and 
 3. Royalty Agreement providing for a royalty of 1.5 of the Adjusted Gross Revenue generated by the Company in connection with the Safer IP. 
 
 28 On July 21, 2021, the Company received a Notice of Allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office that its Patent Application 16/618,038 Network Based Video Surveillance and Logistics for Multiple Users was granted and would be issued to the Company. For additional information on the patent application, see Intellectual Property 
 34 

In 2019, the Company was presented with an opportunity to start a security and risk management business headquartered in Cape Town, South Africa, and identified key management to operate the business unit. On August 30, 2019, the Company formed Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary EBRM ), to maintain the Company s security and risk management operations and assets. 
 
 In addition, EBRM acquired 100 of the shares of Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc., a Delaware corporation formed by the Company in May 2019 EBS ). The Company attracted key senior management talent with backgrounds in structured finance, insurance, management, and M A. On August 8, 2019, EBS received its license to provide physical security officers from the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, and commenced its security protection operations in southern Florida, providing security services to the hospitality industry, as well as large events and VIPs/celebrities. 
 
 As part of the development of the South African business unit, the Company, through EBRM, entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the JV Agreement on September 8, 2020, with Prime African Security, Ltd., a South African corporation Prime ), to provide security and risk management services in South Africa. The joint venture formed Prime Enigma Africa (Pty) Ltd., a South African corporation (the Joint Venture ), for which Prime owns 51 of the Common Stock and the Company owns 49 . The JV Agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and automatically renews unless canceled in writing by either party. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 In December 2019, an outbreak of the COVID-19 virus was reported in Wuhan, China. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO declared the COVID-19 virus a global pandemic, and on March 13, 2020, former President Donald J. Trump declared the virus a national emergency in the United States. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, the WHO reports over 757 million confirmed COVID-19 cases and over 6.8 million deaths worldwide, including over 1.1 million in the U.S. This highly contagious disease has spread to most of the countries in the world and throughout the United States, creating a serious impact on customers, workforces and suppliers, disrupting economies and financial markets, and potentially leading to a world-wide economic downturn. It has caused a disruption of the normal operations of many businesses, including the temporary closure or scale-back of business operations and/or the imposition of either quarantine or remote work or meeting requirements for employees, either by government order or on a voluntary basis. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect the Company s clients operations, its employees and its employee productivity. It may also impact the ability of the Company s subcontractors, partners, and suppliers to operate and fulfill their contractual obligations, and result in an increase in costs, delays or disruptions in performance. These effects, and the direct effect of the virus and the disruption on the Company s employees and operations, may negatively impact both the Company s ability to meet customer demand and its revenue and profit margins. The Company s employees, in many cases, are working remotely and using various technologies to perform their functions. The Company might experience delays or changes in customer demand, particularly if customer funding priorities change. Further, in reaction to the spread of COVID-19 in the United States, many businesses have instituted social distancing policies, including the closure of offices and worksites and deferring planned business activity. Additionally, the disruption and volatility in the global and domestic capital markets may increase the cost of capital and limit the Company s ability to access capital. Both the health and economic aspects of the COVID-19 virus are highly fluid and the future course of each is uncertain. For these reasons and other reasons that may come to light if the coronavirus pandemic and associated protective or preventative measures expand, the Company may experience a material adverse effect on its business operations, revenues and financial condition; however, its ultimate impact is highly uncertain and subject to change. 
 
 Current Business 
 
 The Company is currently structured with four wholly-owned subsidiaries: Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation EBRM ), and PearTrack Systems Group, Ltd. PTSG ), Ecologic Products, Inc. EPI ), and Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. ECR ), all Nevada corporations. The Company s current business activities are diversified into two specific markets: security and risk management, and remote/mobile asset tracking products. 

Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 Parent Corporation 
 Patented EnigmaLok Locking Technology 

Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc. 
 Cape Town, South Africa 
 Tethered Drone System (Patent-Pending) 
 Network-Based Video Surveillance (Patent-Pending) 
 Security and Risk Management / Intelligence 
 Security Guard Operations 
 Hotels, Events, VIPs 

Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. 
 Miami, Florida 

Prime-Enigma Africa Pvt . Joint Venture 

Ecologic Products, Inc. / Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 Environmental Transportation and Products 
 Seeking Strategic Opportunities 

Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, EBRM, the Company is operating a security and risk management business, and developing its proprietary, patent-pending and patented technology. EBRM is focused on providing security guards, both armed and unarmed, as well as security consulting and systems integration of security technology and software through the development of its patent-pending intellectual property (see Intellectu a l Property ), along with third-party Plug-N-Play products. 
 Table of Contents 
 35 
 
 In August 2019, the Company, through EBRM s subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. EBS ), a Delaware corporation, established and operates a full-service security business targeting hospitality, corporate/executives, and petroleum assets. In Miami, Florida. EBS services include security guards, both armed and unarmed, as well as CCTV and video capture technology and security consulting services. As of October 2022, EBS maintains a staff of approximately forty-five (45) employees, including over forty (40) fully licensed security personnel, serving eleven (11) luxury and boutique hotels, restaurants and resorts in the greater Miami Beach, Florida, area. 
 
 In August 2020, EBRM formed a joint venture with Prime African Security, Ltd. Pty, a Pretoria, South Africa based full-service security company, accredited under the Private Security Industry Regulation Act 56 of 2001 (PSIRA), called Prime-Enigma Africa Ltd. Pty Prime-Enigma headquartered in Pretoria, South Africa. Prime-Enigma is currently bidding on security tenders from large international corporations operating in South Africa. 
 
 The Company also intends to provide a unique solution to security issues in the intermodal shipping container marketplace, with its patented container tracking and locking system, EnigmaLok (formerly PearLoxx), the rights of which were licensed to the Company in perpetuity in 2015 (see Intellectual Property ). 
 
 Through the subsidiaries, Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. and Ecologic Products, Inc., the Company continues its pursuits for strategic opportunities for its shareholders, as management believes that the brands have value for companies with environmentally-friendly consumer-related products and services. 
 Management 
 
 Management experience and insight translates into best practices and proven strategies that will help anticipate and respond to myriad facility, operational, and safety challenges with confidence. Enigma s management has extensive knowledge and experience in many fields requiring security and risk management protocols, such as multinational corporations, mining houses, telecommunication providers, transportation and energy companies. 
 
 Enigma s team is at the core of its value, with decades of intelligence and military experience, as well as technology expertise and specialized experience in: 
 
 advanced training techniques 
 new and innovative technology applications 
 intelligence and reconnaissance 
 risk assessment and threat identification. 
 
 The Enigma team includes individuals with backgrounds from U.S. and South African Special Forces and military intelligence, and applies its experience to deliver measured and effective security management, regardless of adversary or operating environment. Additionally, Enigma is sensitive and experienced at managing low-profile, security operations in challenging environments. 
 
 The Company works with a core management team to remain flexible during times of non-engagement. With over forty years of professional military service, the Enigma team has established a large network of security professionals that can be deployed on a global basis. The Company will continue to identify diverse and skilled security personnel, and develop innovative solutions across the full spectrum of security needs. 
 
 The following summary of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, which are included herein. The financial information of Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016, PearTrack Systems Group, Ltd., Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. and Ecologic Products, Inc. is provided below on a consolidated basis, unless otherwise indicated. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had total assets of 136,433 compared with total assets of 4,570,656 at December 31, 2015. The decrease in total assets of 4,434,223 is attributable to a decrease in cash of 14,769, an increase in accounts receivable of 573, an increase in other receivables of 5,985, a decrease in investment in securities of 1,085,566, depreciation of 472, impairment of intangible assets of 3,340,027, and an increase in other assets of 53. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had total liabilities of 6,546,131 compared with total liabilities of 5,840,27 at December 31, 2015. The increase in total liabilities of 705,914 is attributable to a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 33,939, a decrease in deferred revenue of 225,000, an increase in related party payables of 237,313, and an increase in related party convertible notes payable, net of unamortized discount, of 727,540. 
 36 

Results of Operations 
 
 The year ended December 31, 2016, compared to the year ended December 31, 2015 

For the year ended 

December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 

Revenue 
 
 228,020 

6,648 

Cost of sales 
 
 8,881 

9,090 

Gross profit (loss) 
 
 219,139 

(2,442) 

General and administrative expenses 
 
 960,947 

1,847,570 

Impairment losses 
 
 3,340,027 

Operating loss 
 
 (4,081,835) 
 
 (1,850,012) 

Gain on extinguished debt 
 
 178,786 

305,576 

Interest expense 
 
 (156,837) 
 
 (127,120) 

Discount amortization 
 
 (100,575) 
 
 (93,422) 

Realized gain on currency translation 
 
 204 

81 

Net loss 
 
 (4,160,257) 
 
 (1,764,597) 

Unrealized gain on currency translation 
 
 1,048 

2,937 

Unrealized gain (loss) on securities 
 
 (1,085,566) 
 
 1,189,298 

Net comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 (1,084,518) 
 
 1,192,235 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 
 
 (5,244,775) 
 
 (572,662) 

Revenue 
 
 For the year ending December 31, 2016, revenue in the amount of 228,020 consisted of 225,000 in consulting services fees and 3,020 in limited sales resulting from test marketing of PearTrack tracking products. 
 
 For the year ending December 31, 2015, revenue in the amount of 6,648 consisted of limited sales resulting from test marketing of PearTrack tracking products. 
 
 At December 31, 2016, the Company had not yet begun full operations, generating limited test market sales. 
 
 Cost of sales 
 
 For the years ending December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, cost of sales in the amount of 8,881 and 9,090 consisted of manufacturing, packaging and shipping costs for the test marketing of PearTrack tracking product sales. 
 
 At December 31, 2016, the Company had not yet begun full operations, generating limited test market sales. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 For the year ended 

December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 
 
 Variance 

Legal and accounting fees 
 
 23,000 

57,001 

(34,001) 
 
 Management fees 
 
 784,285 

742,996 

41,289 

Other outside services 
 
 250 

20,597 

(14,750) 
 
 Amortization of stock compensation/stock options 
 
 104,072 

595,481 

(491,409) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 472 

257,078 

(256,606) 
 
 Rent expense 
 
 11,201 

64,491 

(53,290) 
 
 Office supplies and miscellaneous expenses 
 
 37,667 

109,926 

(72,259) 
 
 Total general and administrative expenses 
 
 960,947 

1,847,570 

(886,623) 

Table of Contents 
 37 
 
 General and administrative expenses in the amount of 960,947 for the year ended December 31, 2016, were comprised of 23,000 of legal and accounting fees, 784,285 of management fees, 250 of other outside services, 104,072 of amortization of stock compensation/stock options, 472 of depreciation and amortization, 11,201 of rent, and 37,667 of office overhead and other general and administrative expenses. 
 
 General and administrative expenses in the amount of 1,847,570 for the year ended December 31, 2015, were comprised of 57,001 of legal and accounting fees, 742,996 of management fees, 20,597 of other outside services, 595,481 of amortization of stock compensation/stock options, 257,078 of depreciation and amortization, 64,491 of rent, and 109,926 of office overhead and other general and administrative expenses. 
 
 General and administrative expenses of 960,947 for the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to 1,847,570 for the year ended December 31, 2015, resulted in a decrease in general and administrative expenses of 886,623. The decrease in general and administrative expenses of 886,623 was attributable to the following items: 
 
 a decrease in legal and accounting fees of 34,001, due to a decrease in general legal fees of 34,161; and an increase in accounting fees of 160; and 
 
 an increase in management fees of 41,289, due an increase of 30,285 resulting from accrued benefits, compared to none accrued in the prior year; and an increase of 11,004 resulting from miscellaneous management compensation; and 
 
 a decrease in other outside services of 14,750, due to the expiration of a consulting agreement, resulting in no fees paid in the current period; and 
 
 a decrease in amortization of stock options of 491,409, due to fully amortized deferred stock compensation in the prior year, resulting in a decrease in amortization of 491,409; and 
 
 a decrease in depreciation and amortization of 256,606, due to the impairment of intellectual property in the current year, resulting in a decrease in amortization expense of 256,842; and the acquisition of office equipment in the current year, resulting in an increase in depreciation expense for the current year of 236; and 
 
 a decrease in rent expense of 53,290, due to the sub-lease of office space; and 
 
 a decrease in other general and administrative expenses of 72,259, due to an increase in research and development of 6,616; and decreases in computer and internet expenses of 5,534, meals, entertainment, and promotion of 8,066, office expenses of 10,951, taxes, licenses and permits of 9,617, telephone expense of 11,525, travel expenses of 30,625, and other general expenses of 2,557. 
 
 General and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, were incurred for the purpose of advancing the Company closer to its financing and operating goals. 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company incurred a net loss of 4,160,257 compared with a net loss of 1,764,897 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase in net loss of 2,395,360 is attributable to an increase in gross revenue of 221,372, a decrease in costs of goods sold of 209, a decrease in general and administrative expenses of 886,623, an increase in impairment loss of 3,340,027, a decrease in gain on extinguished debt of 126,790, a decrease in interest expense of 29,717, a decrease in discount amortization of 7,153, and an increase in realized gain from currency translations of 123. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company incurred a net comprehensive loss of 1,084,518, compared with a net comprehensive gain of 1,192,235 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in net comprehensive gain of 2,276,753 is attributable to a decrease in unrealized gain on currency translation of 1,889, and a decrease in unrealized gain on securities of 2,274,864. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Working Capital 

December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 
 
 Increase (decrease) 

Current assets 
 
 7,660 

15,871 

(8,211) 
 
 Current liabilities 
 
 3,065,061 

3,086,687 

(21,626) 
 
 Working capital (deficit) 
 
 (3,057,401) 
 
 (3,070,816) 
 
 (13,415) 

As of December 31, 2016, the Company had no cash, compared to 14,769 as of December 31, 2015. 
 
 The Company had a working capital deficit of 3,057,401 as of December 31, 2016, compared to a working capital deficit of 3,070,816 at December 31, 2015. The decrease in working capital deficit of 13,415 is attributable to a decrease in cash of 14,769; an increase in trade accounts receivables of 573; an increase in other receivables of 5,985; a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 33,939; a decrease in deferred revenue of 225,000; and an increase in related party payable of 237,313. 
 
 38 

Cash Flows 
 For the year ended 

December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 
 
 Increase (decrease) 

Net cash used by operating activities 
 
 (14,769) 
 
 (416,868) 
 
 (402,099) 
 
 Net cash used by investing activities 

(1,688) 
 
 (1,688) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

365,635 

(365,635) 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

2,937 

(2,937) 
 
 Net decrease in cash 
 
 (14,769) 
 
 (49,984) 
 
 (35,215) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company used 14,769 of cash flow for operating activities, compared with 417,552 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in cash used by operating activities of 402,783 is attributable to an increase in the net loss from operations of 2,395,360; increases in accruals converted to related party loans of 54,469, and discount amortization of 7,153; decreases in amortization of deferred stock compensation of 491,410, gains on extinguished debt of 126,790, and depreciation and amortization of 256,606; increases in impairment losses of 3,340,027, and foreign exchange losses of 123; increases in the changes in prepaid expenses of 90 and related party payables of 271,419; and decreases in the changes in accounts receivable of 229, refunds and claims receivable of 15,280, other receivables of 5,985, other assets of 53, accounts payable and accrued expenses of 7,119, and deferred revenue of 225,000. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company used no cash flow for investing activities, compared with 1,688 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in cash used for investing activities of 1,688 is attributable to a decrease in cash received from subsidiary of 674; and a decrease in the purchase of office equipment of 2,362. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company was provided with no cash flow from financing activities compared with 369,256 during the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in cash flows provided by financing activities of 369,256 is attributable to a decrease in loan payments of 50,264, and a decrease in proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock of 419,520. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, affiliates and related parties are due a total of 4,481,240, which is comprised of promissory notes to related parties, net of unamortized discounts of 167,974, in the amount of 4,149,274, accrued compensation in the amount of 356,835, and reimbursed expenses/cash advances to the Company in the amount of 143,105; for a net increase of 964,853. During the year ended December 31, 2016, promissory notes to related parties, net of unamortized discounts, increased by 727,540, accrued compensation increased by 150,285, and reimbursable expenses/cash advances increased by 87,028. All outstanding related party promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 5 to 7 percent per annum, are due and payable between one (1) year of written demand and December 31, 2023, or upon certain equity funding, and are convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a price of between 0.05 to 0.25 per share. 
 
 The Company s principal sources of funds have been from sales of the Company s Common Stock and loans from related parties. 
 
 Future Financings 
 
 The Company has suffered recurring losses from operations. The continuation of the Company s operations is dependent upon the Company s attaining and maintaining profitable operations and raising additional capital as needed. The Company anticipates that it will have to raise additional funds through private placements of the Company s equity securities and/or debt financing to complete its business plan. 
 
 The Company will require additional financing in the amount of approximately 5,000,000 in order to enable the Company to proceed with the Company s plan of operations, as discussed above, including an estimated 2,000,000 over the next 12 months, to pay for the Company s current and ongoing expenses and product development. These cash requirements include working capital, selling, general and administrative expenses, expansion of the Company s product line, and the pursuit of acquisitions. These cash requirements are in excess of the Company s current cash and working capital resources. Accordingly, the Company will require additional financing in order to continue operations and to repay the Company s liabilities. There is no assurance that any party will advance additional funds to the Company in order to enable the Company to sustain its plan of operations or to repay the Company s liabilities. There is no assurance that the financing will be completed as planned or at all. If the Company is unable to secure adequate capital to continue the Company s planned operations, the Company s shareholders may lose some or all of their investment and the Company s business may fail. 
 
 The Company anticipates continuing to rely on equity sales of the Company s Common Stock to fund the Company s business operations and product development. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to the Company s existing stockholders. There is no assurance that the Company will achieve any additional sales of its equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund the Company s planned business activities. 
 Table of Contents 
 39 
 
 Personnel 
 
 The majority of personnel working with the Company are engaged as consultants under consulting agreements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company engaged six (6) individuals, inclusive of two (2) and executive officers and directors. All personnel were full-time. 
 
 As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the Company engages five (5) individuals, inclusive of three (3) executive officers and directors. All five (5) personnel are full-time. In addition, the Company s security operations, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc., maintains a staff of approximately forty-five (45) employees, of which thirty-five (35) are full-time and ten (10) are part-time. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The Company has incurred losses since inception resulting in a current year net loss of 5,244,775, an accumulated deficit of 17,620,884, and a working capital deficit of 3,057,401, and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due, which may not be available at commercially reasonable terms There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to raise funds, in which case the Company may be unable to meet its obligations and the Company may cease operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The consolidated audited financial statements included with this Annual Report have been prepared on the going concern basis which assumes that adequate sources of financing will be obtained as required and that the Company s assets will be realized and liabilities settled in the ordinary course of business. Accordingly, the consolidated audited financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability of assets and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies. The Company believes that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects of the Company s financial statements is critical to an understanding of its consolidated financial statements. The following should be read in conjunction with Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies : 
 
 Impairment reviews 
 Management is required to perform tests annually, or more often if necessary, for impairment of its finite lived and indefinite lived assets, to determine if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 
 Impairment testing is an area involving management judgement, requiring assessment as to whether the carrying value of assets can be supported by the net present value of future cash flows derived from such assets using cash flow projections which have been discounted at an appropriate rate. In calculating the net present value of the future cash flows, certain assumptions are required to be made in respect of highly uncertain matters, including management s expectations of: 
 
 growth in EBITDA, calculated as adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortization; 
 long term growth rates; and 
 the selection of discount rates to reflect the risks involved. 
 
 The Company may prepare financial projections to use as the basis for its impairment reviews. Changing the assumptions selected by management, in particular the discount rate and growth rate assumptions used in the projections, could significantly affect the Company s impairment evaluation and, hence, results. 
 
 The Company s review for impairment may also include the evaluation of key assumptions related to sensitivity in the projections, including estimates for varying levels of growth, such as aggressive, median, and conservative. In the Company s evaluation for impairment, the conservative level of growth would be utilized. For additional information, see Impairment of Long-Lived Assets under Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to the Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The Company s consolidated audited financial statements are stated in United States dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The following consolidated audited financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as at December 31, 2016 and 2015 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2016 
 F - 5 

Consolidated Statement s of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 
 F- 6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 
 F- 7 

40 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. of (the Company) as of December 31, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a net loss of 5,244,775 for the year ended December 31, 2016, an accumulated deficit of 17,620,884, and a working capital deficit of 3,057,401, as of December 31, 2016 and further losses are anticipated. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Other Matter 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2015, before the restatement described in Note 14, were audited by another auditor whose report was dated May 17, 2016 expressed an unmodified opinion on those statements. 
 As part of our audit of the December 31, 2016 consolidated financial statements, we also audited the adjustments described in Note 14 that were applied to restate the 2015 consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the 2015 consolidated financial statements of the Company other than with respect to the adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2015 consolidated financial statements as a whole. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Margate, Florida 
 
 June 6, 2023 

ASSURANCE DIMENSIONS CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ASSOCIATES 
 also d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, PLLC 
 TAMPA BAY : 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite 102 | Tampa, FL 33607 | Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053 
 JACKSONVILLE : 4720 Salisbury Road, Suite 223 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 
 ORLANDO: 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite 300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 
 SOUTH FLORIDA : 2000 Banks Road, Suite 218 | Margate, FL 33063 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053 
 www.assurancedimensions.com 
 Table of Contents 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 F-1 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 

ASSETS 

(As restated) 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

- 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Investment in securities 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, unencumbered, net 
 
 - 

Intangible assets, pledged to creditors, net 
 
 - 

Other assets 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 

Notes and loans payable 

Notes payable, convertible 

Notes payable, convertible, related party 

Related party payables 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Notes and convertible notes payable, related party, net of unamortized discount 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
 
 - 

- 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding 

as of December 31, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Subscriptions receivable 
 
 - 

() 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Accumulated comprehensive income 

Total stockholders deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 F-2 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended 

December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 

Revenue 

(As restated) 

Service fees 

- 

Product sales 

Total revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit (loss) 

() 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment losses 

- 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other income (expenses) 

Gain on write-off of accrued payroll taxes 

- 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

- 

Gain on reduction in promissory note and accrued interest 
 
 - 

Interest expense 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Discount amortization 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Realized gain on currency translation 

Total other income (expenses) 
 
 () 

Net loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Unrealized gain on currency translation 

Unrealized gain (loss) on securities 
 
 () 

Net comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 () 

Net loss and comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 F-3 

ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
 
 Subscriptions 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Paid In Capital 
 
 Receivable 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Income (Loss) 
 
 Total 

Equity Balance, December 31, 2014 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Issuance of common stock for services 

() 

- 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

() 

Issuance of common stock for intellectual property 

() 

Conversion of debt for common stock 

Cash received from subsidiary 

Beneficial conversion feature on related party convertible debt 

Subscriptions received 

Amortization of restricted stock awards 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Equity Balance, December 31, 2015, as restated 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Cancellation of common stock for services 
 () 
 
 () 

- 

Subscriptions canceled 

() 

- 

Amortization of restricted stock awards 

Reconciling adjustment 

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Equity Balance, December 31, 2016 

- 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 F-4 

ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended 

December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 

(As restated) 

Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 
 () 

Net loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Amortization of deferred stock compensation 

Accruals converted to related party loans 

Depreciation and amortization 

Discount amortization 

Gain on write-off of accrued payroll taxes 
 
 () 
 
 - 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 
 
 () 
 
 - 

Gain on reduction in promissory note and accrued interest 
 
 - 

() 
 
 Gain on foreign exchange 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Impairment losses-intangible assets 

- 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts receivable 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Decrease in refunds and claims receivable 
 
 - 

Increase in other receivables 
 
 () 
 
 - 

Increase in prepaid expenses 
 
 - 

() 
 
 Increase in other assets 
 
 () 
 
 - 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Decrease in deferred revenue 
 
 () 
 
 - 

Increase in related party payables 

() 
 
 Net cash used by operating activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash flow from investing activities: 

Cash received from subsidiary 
 
 - 

Purchase of office equipment 
 
 - 

() 
 
 Net cash used by investing activities 
 
 - 

() 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Repayment of loans payable 
 
 - 

() 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Net decrease in cash 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash beginning of period 

Cash end of period 
 
 - 

NONCASH ACTIVITIES 

Common stock subscriptions receivable 
 
 () 

Conversion of debt into common stock 
 
 - 

Conversion of related party payable to related party convertible promissory note 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 

- 

Income taxes paid 
 
 - 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Table of Contents 
 F-5 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 
 , an accumulated deficit of , and a working capital deficit of , and further losses are anticipated. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due, which may not be available at commercially reasonable terms There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to raise funds, in which case the Company may be unable to meet its obligations and the Company may cease operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods shown. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue as a going concern. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 F-6 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 
 and were recognized. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, unrealized exchange differences of and , respectively, have been accumulated. 
 Table of Contents 
 F-7 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 

Unrealized exchange differences during period 

Balance, December 31, 2015 

Unrealized exchange differences during period 

Balance, December 31, 2016 

to years. 
 
 to years. Application development stage costs for significant internally developed software projects are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the useful life, between to years. Costs to extend and maintain patents and trademarks are charged directly to expense as incurred. 
 
 , was impaired. As a result, an impairment loss of was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 F-8 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015) and have been recognized. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, other comprehensive income (losses) of and have been accumulated. The following represents the accumulated comprehensive income activity: 

Gain (loss) 

Balance, December 31, 2015 

Gain (loss) 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2016 

Table of Contents 
 F-9 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 
 F-10 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 
 shares of Amazonas Florestal, Ltd. (OTC:AZFL) common stock. The securities are classified as Level 1 investments (Note 2, Fair Value Hierarchy), and are valued using the quoted market prices. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in unrealized gains (losses) were recognized and included as part of comprehensive income (loss). As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in cumulative unrealized gains were recognized, and the securities held a fair value of and . 
 
 Management s intent is to distribute the AZFL Shares in the form of a dividend, to the Company s shareholders of record on March 16, 2012, once AZFL has filed an S1 Registration and registers the AZFL Shares. The date by which the Form S1 was to be filed was extended by mutual agreement to January 31, 2013. AZFL has not, to the Company s knowledge, caused to register the AZFL shares by filing a Form S1, and is in default of its agreement with the Company. The Company has requested that AZFL complete the registration so the stock distribution can be completed. 

Accumulated depreciation 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in depreciation was expensed. 

Accumulated amortization 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Impairment losses 
 
 () 
 
 - 

Intellectual property, unencumbered, net 
 
 - 

Intellectual property, pledged to creditors 

Accumulated amortization 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Impairment losses 
 
 () 
 
 - 

Intellectual property, pledged to creditors, net 
 
 - 

During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the Company recognized and in impairment losses related to its unencumbered intellectual property, and and in impairment losses related to its intellectual property pledged to creditors, for a total of and in impairment losses. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in amortization was expensed. 
 Table of Contents 
 F-11 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 

Accrued payroll and taxes 

Accrued interest 

Other liabilities 

- 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

During the year ended December 31, 2016, management determined that there is no future sacrifice of economic benefit arising from certain debt previously recognized by the Company to transfer assets or provide services in the future. As a result, certain vendor accounts payable in the amount of , and previously accrued payroll taxes in the amount of , was extinguished, and a gain of was recognized. 
 
 (the Service Agreement ), revenue received in the amount of was deferred, to be recognized over the term of the agreement, or twelve ) months. During the years ended December 31, 2014, the Company recognized a total of as revenues earned. Due to certain events beyond the Company s control, the customer was unable to meet the terms of the Service Agreement, and the contract expired. There was no refund clause within the Service Agreement, and the remaining in deferred revenues have been recognized during the year ended December 31, 2016. 

Notes payable, short term 

Total notes and loans payable 

Notes payable, short-term, convertible 

Total 

Notes payable includes the following convertible promissory notes at December 31, 2016 and 2015: 

[1] 
 
 Matrix Advisors, Inc. 

[2] 

Total convertible notes payable 
 
 688,755 

[1] No demand has been made 
 [2] No change in terms of promissory note due to breach. The debt was converted in November 2021. 
 
 Loans payable consists of monies loaned to the Company by a third-party for the purpose of overhead advances and product development. The loan is unsecured, bears no interest, and is payable upon demand. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is outstanding, and no demand has been made. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, notes payable consists of unsecured promissory notes issued in the principal sum of and , and unsecured convertible promissory notes issued in the principal sum of and . The notes bear interest at a rate of between to percent per annum, and are due within one (1) year of written demand or by December 31, 2015. The convertible promissory notes are convertible into restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of between to per share. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, interest in the amount of and was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, interest in the amount of and has been accrued and is included as part of accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 F-12 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 

Notes payable-long-term-secured 

Less: unamortized discount 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Total long-term notes payable, secured, net of discount 

Notes payable, convertible, long-term, subordinate 

Less: unamortized discount 
 
 - 

() 
 
 Total long-term convertible notes payable, unsecured, net of discount 

Total long-term notes payable 

Total notes payable 

Accrued compensation 

Reimbursable expenses/cash advances payable 

Total related party payable 

Total related party transactions 

Related party notes payable consists of the following convertible notes payable at December 31, 2016 and 2015: 

[1] 
 
 William Nesbitt 

[2] 
 
 Total short-term 

Long-term: 

Huntington Chase Financial Group 

E. William Withrow Jr. 

John Macey 

Total long-term 

Total convertible notes payable 

[1] No demand has been made 
 [2] The requisite funding goals for repayment have not been met. 
 
 All outstanding related party promissory notes bear interest at a rate of to percent per annum, are due and payable between one (1) year of written demand and December 31, 2023, or upon certain equity funding, and are convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a price of between to per share. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, affiliates and related parties are due a total of and , which is comprised of promissory notes to related parties, net of unamortized discounts of and , in the amount of and , accrued compensation in the amount of and , and reimbursed expenses/cash advances to the Company in the amount of and ; for a net increase of and . During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, promissory notes to related parties increased by and , unamortized discounts decreased by and , accrued compensation increased by and , and reimbursable expenses/cash advances increased (decreased) by and ). 
 Table of Contents 
 F-13 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 

() 

Increases 

- 

() 

Decreases 
 
 () 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Conversions 
 
 - 

- 

() 
 
 - 

Net change 

() 

Balance, 12/31/2015 

() 

Increases 

- 

- 

Decreases 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Conversions 
 
 - 

- 

() 
 
 - 

Net change 

Balance, 12/31/2016 

() 

During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, promissory notes to related parties, net of unamortized discounts, increased by and as a result of an increase in accrued compensation owed to related parties in the amount of and converted to convertible promissory notes; a decrease in principal resulting from the correction of an error in the amount of 0 and 287,607 (Note 14); an increase in discounts resulting from beneficial conversion features in the amount of and ; and a decrease in unamortized discount in the amount of and . 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in related party compensation was accrued, of which and was converted into convertible promissory notes; and and in payments to related parties were made, for a net increase in accrued compensation in the amount of and . 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, reimbursable expenses/cash advances owed to related parties increased (decreased) by and as a result of an increase in cash loans to the Company and expenses paid by related parties on behalf of the Company in the amount of and ; and repayments to related parties in the amount of and . 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest on related party loans was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest on related party loans has been accrued, and is included as part of accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Promissory Notes 
 On , the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Huntington Chase Financial Group, an entity controlled by Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a related party, in the modified principal sum of . Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2016, to adjust the principal balance to . The note bears interest at a rate of seven percent per annum, is due within one ) year of written demand, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest has been accrued. No demand for repayment has been made. 
 
 On , the Company issued a senior convertible promissory note to Mr. William B. Nesbitt, a related party, for unpaid compensation in the modified principal sum of (Note 14). The note bears interest at a rate of five percent per annum, is payable when the Company reaches certain funding goals, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest has been accrued. The requisite funding goals for repayment have not been met. 
 
 On , the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, issued a Zero Coupon Senior Secured Promissory Note (the PTSG Note to seven (7) shareholders (the Note Holders ), of which two (2) shareholders are also directors of the Company, in the aggregate sum of . The PTSG Note holds senior position above all other debt, bears no interest, is due within five ) years, or by , and is secured by an Intellectual Property Pledge and Security Agreement (the Security Agreement ), which pledges the licensed intellectual property (the PTSG IP ), the rights of which shall revert to the Note Holders in the event of the Company s default. The non-interest bearing note was recorded at its present value on the date of issuance, using an imputed interest rate of . The difference between the face value and its present value was recorded as a discount of , to be amortized over the term of the note. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in discount amortization was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in unamortized discount remained. 
 F-14 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 
 , the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Ecologic Products, Inc., issued a modification to consolidate all promissory notes issued to Huntington Chase Ltd., an entity controlled by Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a related party, for cash loans made to the Company between 2009 and 2013 in the aggregate principal sum of , and assign the note in its entirety, including accrued interest of , to Huntington Chase Financial Group. The note bears interest at a rate of seven percent per annum, is due within one ) year of written demand, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest has been accrued. No demand for repayment has been made. 
 
 On , Mr. Adrian Pegler, a related party, was assigned of the convertible promissory note issued by the Company to HCFG on December 31, 2010. The note bore interest at a rate of per annum, was due within one ) year of written demand, and was convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest was expensed. As a result of the holder s default, the principal sum of and interest accrued through December 31, 2016 in the amount of reverted back to the assignor, HCFG. 
 
 On , the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of for unpaid compensation owed to Mr. E.William Withrow Jr. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2016, to adjust the principal balance to . The note bears interest at a rate of five percent per annum, is due , and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. A portion of the principal in the amount of , if converted at the applicable conversion price of , would result in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of . During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in discount amortization, and and in interest, was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and of unamortized discount remained, and and in interest was accrued. 
 
 On , the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of for unpaid compensation owed to Huntington Chase Financial Group, an entity controlled by Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2016, to adjust the principal balance to . The note bears interest at a rate of five percent per annum, is due , and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. A portion of the principal in the amount of , if converted at the applicable conversion price of , would result in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of . During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in discount amortization, and and in interest, was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and of unamortized discount remained, and and in interest was accrued. 
 
 On , the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of for unpaid compensation owed to Mr. John D. Macey. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2016, to adjust the principal balance to . The note bears interest at a rate of four percent per annum, is due , and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in interest was accrued.. 
 
 Agreements 
 On , the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. E. William Withrow Jr., for his services as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Agreement ). The Agreement is for an initial term of two ) years, extending annually thereafter, and provides for compensation of per year, as well as customary employee benefits and a bonus plan contingent upon the Company s performance. In addition, the Agreement includes a grant to purchase restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at , at a price of per share. 
 
 On , the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into a consulting agreement with Huntington Chase Financial Group, for the services of Mr. Edward W. Withrow III a related party,. The consulting agreement provides for compensation in the amount of per annum for an initial term of four ) years. 
 
 On , the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. John D. Macey, a Board member, for his services in the area of technology, sales and marketing. The consulting agreement, commencing , provides for compensation in the amount of per year for a period of two ) years. On , the consulting agreement was superseded by an employment agreement with Mr. Macey to serve as Chief Technology Officer. The employment agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, provides for compensation of per year for a period of two ) years, as well as customary employee benefits and a bonus plan contingent upon the Company s performance. The agreement expired , and was not renewed. 
 
 On , the Company entered into a consulting agreement with MJ Management Services, Inc., for the services of Ms. Calli R. Bucci to serve as Chief Financial Officer. The agreement is for an initial term of three ) years, and provides for compensation of per year, as well as expense reimbursements, and an initial stock award of restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at , at a price of per share. 
 Table of Contents 
 F-15 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 
 , the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, issued a Zero Coupon Senior Secured Promissory Note (the Secured Note in the aggregate sum of . Pursuant to terms and conditions of the Secured Note, principal payments may be made prior to maturity without penalty when/if the Company meets certain funding and earnings goals. Payments are defined as follows: 1) of any equity investment of or more; or 2) each year the Company s retained earnings reaches or exceeds ; or 3) each year the Company s EBITDA reaches or exceeds . As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, no contingent payments have been made. 
 
 On , the Company entered into two (2) License Agreements License Agreements for the non-exclusive license to the Company in perpetuity of certain patented technology (the Licensed Product in the private sector corporate and enterprise markets, and the public sector government markets. In accordance with the License Agreements, an initial licensing fee of , or 225,000 per agreement, was made upon execution. In addition, royalty payments equal to of gross revenues generated from the sale, lease or licensing of the Licensed Product are payable to the licensor. As of December 31, 2016, the Company has not commenced sales of the Licensed Product. 
 
 shares with a par value of ; and the total number of authorized preferred stock is shares with a par value of . 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at and , were issued for cash in the amount of and . As a result, and was recorded to additional paid in capital. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at and , were issued for the acquisition of intellectual property, for cash in the amount of and . As a result, and was recorded to additional paid in capital. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at and , were granted at a price of per share, for services to be provided over a period of twelve (12) months. As a result, and was recorded to deferred compensation, and and was recorded to additional paid in capital. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock were issued in connection with the conversion of debt in the amount of and . As a result, and was recorded to additional paid in capital. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock were canceled in connection with consulting services not provided pursuant to consulting agreements. As a result, and was recorded to additional paid in capital. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, subscriptions receivable in the amount of and were canceled. As a result, and was recorded to additional paid in capital. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a total of and in deferred stock compensation was expensed. Deferred stock compensation of and remained at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the Company had and shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 and stock options issued and outstanding. 

F-16 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 

Granted 
 - 

- 

Exercised 
 - 

- 

Expired / Cancelled 
 () 

Outstanding at December 31, 2015 

Granted 
 - 

- 

Exercised 
 - 

- 

Expired / Cancelled 
 () 

Outstanding at December 31, 2016 

During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the Company expensed no stock option compensation. There remained no deferred stock option compensation at December 31, 2016 and 2015. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and restricted stock awards were granted, valued at and ; and and restricted stock awards vested, for which and in deferred stock compensation was expensed. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, there remained and shares to be vested, and and in deferred stock compensation to be expensed. 

Granted 

Vested 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Forfeited/Canceled 
 - 

- 

Outstanding at December 31, 2015 

Granted 
 - 

- 

Vested 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Forfeited/Canceled 
 - 

- 

Outstanding at December 31, 2016 
 - 

- 

() 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 
 
 Loss before taxes 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Statutory rate (Fed State(s)) 

Computed expected tax payable (recovery) 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Tax effect of non-deductible expenses: 

Impairment loss 

- 

Discount amortization 

Other 

Total tax effect of non-deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 
 
 - 

- 

Reported income taxes: 

Federal 
 
 - 

- 

State 
 
 - 

- 

Total 
 
 - 

- 

The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2016 and 2015, are as follows: 

Officers accrued compensation 

Accrued related party interest 

Valuation allowance 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Net deferred income tax asset 
 
 - 

- 

During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company realized extinguishment of debt principal in the amount of . Per Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 108(a) (1) (A) the extinguishment of debt principal is excluded from taxable income for the Company. However, any available tax attributes must be released up and to the amount of the extinguishment. Therefore, net operating loss carryforwards were released for the amount of income excluded from taxable income. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 F-17 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

Total 

As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately of federal net operating losses. The Company is open to examinations for the tax year through the current tax year. 

- 

Non-current assets 

- 

Total assets 

- 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 [1] 

Notes payable-short term convertible-related party 

() 
 [2] 

Other current liabilities 

- 

Total current liabilities 

() 

Long-term liabilities 

- 

Total liabilities 

() 

Stockholders' deficit 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 

[3][4] 
 
 () 
 
 Other equity 

- 

Total stockholders' deficit 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

- 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Operating loss 
 
 () 
 
 - 

() 
 
 Other income (expenses) 

Gain on extinguished debt 
 
 - 

[3] 

Interest expense 
 
 () 

[4] 
 
 () 
 
 Other income (expenses) 
 
 () 
 
 - 

() 
 
 Total other income (expenses) 
 
 () 

Net loss 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Net comprehensive loss 

- 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Net loss per share - basic and diluted 
 
 () 
 
 - 

() 

[1] 
 Cumulative correction to accrued interest 

[2] 
 Cumulative correction to principal portion of promissory note 

[3] 
 Cumulative correction to principal portion of promissory note [2] and changes to interest expense through 2014 of 17,968 

[4] 
 Correction for changes to 2015 interest expense 

F-18 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 
 , to December 31, 2022, the Company increased its loans from related parties by , from a total of at December 31, 2016, to at . The increase represents (a) an increase in promissory notes in the amount of , as a result of (i) reclassified from non-related party transactions, (ii) reclassified to non-related party transactions, (iii) converted from accrued compensation, (iv) an increase in discounts resulting from beneficial conversion features of , (v) a decrease in long-term secured promissory notes in the amount of resulting from the cancellation of debt, (vi) a decrease in unamortized discount of , (vii) payments to the Company in the amount of for stock award payments, (viii) converted to Common Stock, and (ix) payments to related parties in the amount of ; (b) an increase in accrued compensation of as a result of (i) in accrued compensation, of which was converted into promissory notes, (ii) in accrued compensation reclassified to non-related party transactions, (iii) payments to the Company in the amount of for related party stock awards, and (iv) payments to related parties in the amount of ; and (c) a decrease in reimbursable expenses and cash advances to the Company of . All outstanding related party promissory notes bear interest at the rate of to percent per annum, are due and payable between one (1) year of written demand and December 31, 2024, or upon certain equity funding, and are convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a price of between to per share, or the 20-day average trading price. 
 
 On , the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Kyle W. Withrow to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The agreement is for an initial term of three ) years, and provides a base compensation of per year, as well as customary bonuses and employee benefits. In addition, the agreement includes a grant to purchase shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at , for per share. 
 
 On , in connection with the Employment Agreement, the Company issued shares of its restricted Common Stock at per share, for cash in the amount of . 
 
 On , the Company executed an Intellectual Property Agreement (the Safer Agreement with Safer, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Seller ), for the acquisition of certain intellectual property, as defined within the Safer Agreement, in the area of security and risk management Intellectual Property ). Pursuant to the Safer Agreement, in exchange for all rights, title and interest in the Intellectual Property, among other things, the Company shall deliver to Seller: 
 
 1. Common Stock Purchase Agreement providing for the Seller the right to purchase shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at a price of per share, for cash; and 
 2. Revenue Sharing Agreement providing for a cash earn-out of to be paid to the Seller, up to paid to Seller, derived from the Adjusted Gross Revenue generated by the Company in connection with the Intellectual Property; and 
 3. Royalty Agreement providing for a royalty of of the Adjusted Gross Revenue generated by the Company in connection with the Intellectual Property. 
 
 On , in connection with the Safer Agreement, the Company issued shares of its restricted Common Stock at per share, for cash in the amount of . 
 
 On , the Company entered into a consulting agreement with MJ Management Services, Inc., for the services of Ms. Calli R. Bucci to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, is for an initial term of three ) years, and provides a base compensation of per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. In addition, the agreement includes a grant of options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five ) years, vest quarterly over a period of twenty-four ) months, and were valued at using the Black-Scholes method. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term years, expected volatility , risk free interest rate , and dividend yield . 
 
 On , the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with Huntington Chase LLC for the services of Mr. Edward W. Withrow III. The agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, is for an initial term of three ) years, and provides a base compensation of per year. 
 
 On , in connection with the Company s inability to successfully commercialize the intellectual property acquired from PearTrack Systems Group in 2013 (collectively, the PearTrack IP ), all rights, title and interest in the PearTrack IP reverted to the former licensees and, pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, the related Senior Secured Promissory Note (the Note issued to the former licensees (the Note Holders is canceled. In addition, all rights to future royalties collectible under any sub-license previously issued by the Company for the PearTrack IP reverts to the Note Holders. As a result, in 2018, the Company has recognized a gain on the extinguishment of debt of . 
 
 Table of Contents 
 F-19 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 
 , the Company entered into Consulting Agreement with Mr. David Rocke. The agreement is for an initial term of three ) years, and provides a base compensation of per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals, as well as of Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. adjusted gross earnings, as defined within the agreement. In addition, the agreement includes a grant of options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at using the Black-Scholes method, at an exercise price of per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five ) years, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term years, expected volatility , risk free interest rate , and dividend yield . 
 
 On , the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., entered into Consulting Agreement with Mr. Michael Gabriele, to serve as its President, and the President of its subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. The agreement is for an initial term of three ) years, and provides a base compensation of per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals, as well as of Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. adjusted gross earnings, as defined within the agreement. In addition, the agreement includes a grant of options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at using the Black-Scholes method, at an exercise price of per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five ) years, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term years, expected volatility , risk free interest rate , and dividend yield . 
 
 On , the Company entered into a Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement NC Agreement with Mr. David Rocke. The agreement is for an initial term of five ) years, and provides as compensation a grant to purchase shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at , for per share, plus the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock equal to seven percent of any issuance of Common Stock through , originating from any financial instrument issued by the Company or its subsidiaries, in exchange for certain restrictions placed upon Mr. Rocke s business activities. 
 
 On , the Company entered into a Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement NC Agreement with Mr. Michael Gabriele. The agreement is for an initial term of five ) years, and provides as compensation a grant to purchase shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at , for per share, plus the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock equal to seven percent of any issuance of Common Stock through , originating from any financial instrument issued by the Company or its subsidiaries, in exchange for certain restrictions placed upon Mr. Gabriele s business activities. 
 
 On , in connection with the Rocke and Gabriele NC Agreement, the Company issued shares of its restricted Common Stock at per share for cash in the amount of , plus shares under the non-dilution provision at per share for cash in the amount of . 
 
 On , the Company formed , a corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary, and acquired of the Common Stock of , a corporation also formed by the Company. 
 
 On , the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, , entered into Consulting Agreement with Mr. Clive Oosthuizen to serve as its Chief Executive Officer. The agreement is for an initial term of three ) years, and provides a base compensation of year one, year two, and year three, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. In addition, the agreement includes a signing bonus, and a grant of options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 625 using the Black-Scholes method, at an exercise price of per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five ) years, and vest periodically over a period of thirty-six ) months. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term years, expected volatility , risk free interest rate , and dividend yield . 
 
 On , in connection with the exercise of certain stock options, the Company issued shares of its restricted Common Stock to related parties at an exercise price of , for cash in the amount of . 
 
 On , the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with Ms. Yinuo Jiang to serve as the Company s Corporate Secretary effective October 8, 2019, among other duties. The agreement is for an initial term of three ) years, and provides a base compensation of per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. In addition, the agreement includes a grant to purchase shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at , for per share. 
 
 On , in connection with the Consulting Agreement, the Company issued shares of its restricted Common Stock at per share, for cash in the amount of . 
 
 On , pursuant to a resolution of the board of directors, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its restricted Common Stock, valued at , to its officers and directors, at per share, for cash in the amount of . 
 
 F-20 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015 
 , the Company entered into a Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement NC Agreement with Mr. Clive Oosthuizen. The agreement is for an initial term of five ) years, and provides as compensation a grant to purchase shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at , for per share, plus the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock equal to four and one-half percent of any issuance of Common Stock originating from any financial instrument issued by the Company or its subsidiaries during the term, in exchange for certain restrictions placed upon Mr. Oosthuizen s business activities. 
 
 On , in connection with the Oosthuizen NC Agreement, the Company issued shares of its restricted Common Stock at per share for cash in the amount of . 
 
 On , in connection with the exercise of certain stock options, the Company issued shares of its restricted Common Stock to related parties at an exercise price of for cash in the amount of . 
 
 On , the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, , entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the JV Agreement with ., a South African corporation Prime ), to provide security and risk management services in South Africa. The joint venture formed , a South African corporation (the Joint Venture ), for which Prime owns of the Common Stock and the Company owns . The JV Agreement is for an initial term of three ) years, and automatically renews unless canceled in writing by either party. 
 
 On , in connection with the conversion of related party debt in the amount of , the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its restricted Common Stock to six (6) related parties, including three (3) officers, of which was at a conversion price of per share, and was at a conversion price of per share. 
 
 On , in connection with the conversion of debt in the amount of , the Company issued shares of its restricted Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. 
 
 On , in connection with a consulting agreement, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock at per share for cash in the amount of . 
 
 Management Changes: 
 
 On January 20, 2017, Mr. David M. Engert resigned as a member of the board of directors. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 
 
 On September 19, 2018, Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Kyle W. Withrow, succeeded him to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until he, or his successor is duly appointed. 
 
 On October 4, 2019, Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, Mr. David M. Rocke and Ms. Calli R. Bucci were appointed to the Board, to serve until the next annual meeting of the shareholders. Mr. John D. Macy was not re-elected to the board of directors. 
 
 On October 8, 2019, Ms. Calli R. Bucci resigned as Corporate Secretary. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Ms. Yinuo Rachel Jiang succeeded her to serve as Corporate Secretary until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until she, or her successor is duly appointed. 
 
 On January 12, 2021, Mr. John L. Ogden resigned as a Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Kyle W. Withrow, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, succeeded him as a director until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until he, or his successor is duly appointed. 
 
 On April 6, 2021, Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. resigned as Executive Chairman of the Board. His resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, a Board member, and the President of the Company s subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., succeeded him. 
 
 On April 6, 2021, Mr. Kyle W. Withrow resigned as the Company President and Chief Executive Officer, and as a Board member. His resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Oosthuizen succeeded him as President and Chief Executive Officer until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until he, or his successor, is duly appointed. The vacant Board member seat resulting from Mr. Withrow s resignation will remain open until a new member is elected at the next annual meeting of the shareholders, or is duly appointed by the Board. 
 
 On April 12, 2021, Mr. David Rocke resigned as a Board member, and consultant. His resignation was preceded by the Company s inquiry into Mr. Rocke s performance in connection with his Consulting Agreement dated May 1, 2019. The vacant Board member seat resulting from Mr. Rocke s resignation will remain open until a new member is elected at the next annual meeting of the shareholders, or is duly appointed by the Board. 
 
 On April 12, 2021, Mr. Michael Gabriele resigned as President of Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc. and its subsidiaries. His resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 

Table of Contents 
 F-21 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Effective November 16, 2015, the Board of the Company engaged Dave Banerjee, CPA Banerjee as its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2015. 
 
 (a) Dismissal of Independent Certifying Accountant 
 
 The Company s former independent registered public accountant, Dave Banerjee, CPAs Banerjee retired in August 2020. The Company engaged Banerjee in November 2015 to perform the audit of the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. Banerjee has not performed any services for the Company since May 17, 2016, the date on which Banerjee s audit of the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, was completed and Banerjee s audit report was issued. 
 
 The report of Banerjee regarding the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that the audit report of Banerjee on the Company s financial statements for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, contained an explanatory paragraph which noted that there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2015, and during the period from January 2016 to August 2020, the date of Banerjee s retirement, (i) there were no disagreements with Banerjee on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Banerjee would have caused it to make reference to such disagreement in its reports; and (ii) there were no reportable events as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 The Company has provided Banerjee with a copy of the foregoing disclosures and requested that Banerjee furnish the Company with a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether or not it agrees with the above statements. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, the Company has not received the aforementioned letter. 
 
 (b) Engagement of Independent Certifying Accountant 
 
 Effective August 3, 2021, the Company engaged Assurance Dimensions Certified Public Accountants Associates Assurance as its independent registered public accounting firm, and to audit the Company s financial statements for each respective year ended December 31, 2016 to 2022, pursuant to the approval of the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 During each of the Company s two most recent fiscal years and through the interim periods preceding the engagement of Assurance, the Company (a) has not engaged Assurance as either the principal accountant to audit the Company s financial statements, or as an independent accountant to audit a significant subsidiary of the Company and on whom the principal accountant is expected to express reliance in its report; and (b) has not consulted with Assurance regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and no written report or oral advice was provided to the Company by Assurance concluding there was an important factor to be considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to an accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K or a reportable event, as that term is described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, the Company s management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and the Company s management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the end of the Company s fiscal year covered by this report, and through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, the Company s president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 
 Table of Contents 
 41 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Responsibility, estimates, and judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits and related costs of the Company s control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, and through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework . The Company s management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, and through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with the Company generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s management reviewed the results of their assessment with the Company s board of directors. 
 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 
 
 Inherent limitations on effectiveness of controls 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2016, and through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None 
 42 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification of Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 The following table represents the directors and executive officers of the Company as of December 31, 2016: 
 
 Name 
 Position Held with the Company 
 Age [1] 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 E. William Withrow Jr. 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Director 
 Chairman of the Board 
 79 
 October 17, 2014 
 July 2, 2009 
 November 5, 2015 
 
 Calli R. Bucci 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Secretary 
 52 
 August 16, 2011 
 November 1, 2011 
 
 John L. Ogden 
 Director 
 63 
 March 3, 2008 
 
 William B. Nesbitt 
 Director 
 77 
 November 6, 2011 
 
 Dr. Martin A. Blake 
 Director 
 60 
 August 12, 2010 
 
 John D. Macey 
 Director 
 54 
 October 17, 2014 
 
 Philip J. Woolas 
 Director 
 57 
 February 20, 2015 
 
 David M. Engert 
 Director 
 64 
 June 23, 2016 
 
 [1] As of December 31, 2016. 

The following table represents the directors and executive officers of the Company as of the date of filing of this Annual Report: 
 
 Name 
 Position Held with the Company 
 Age [2] 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Clive Oosthuizen 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Director 
 47 
 April 6, 2021 
 October 4, 2019 
 
 Calli R. Bucci 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Director 
 58 
 August 16, 2011 
 October 4, 2019 
 
 Yinuo Jiang 
 Secretary 
 32 
 October 8, 2019 
 
 William B. Nesbitt 
 Director 
 82 
 November 6, 2011 
 
 Dr. Martin A. Blake 
 Director 
 65 
 August 12, 2010 
 
 Philip J. Woolas 
 Director 
 62 
 February 20, 2015 
 
 [2] As of the date of filing of this Annual Report. 

Term of Office 
 
 The board of directors (the Board elects officers and their terms of office are at the discretion of the Board. Each officer serves until the earlier occurrence of the election of his or her successor at the next meeting of stockholders, death, resignation or removal by the Board. Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his/her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or his/her resignation. 
 
 Recent Changes in Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 On February 20, 2015, Mr. Philip J. Woolas was appointed as a Board member, to serve until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until his successor is duly appointed or his resignation. 
 
 On October 22, 2015, the Company accepted the resignation of Mr. Paul B. Burke as a Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 
 
 On November 5, 2015, Mr. Edward W. Withrow III resigned as Chairman and Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. E. William Withrow Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer and a Board member, succeeded him to serve as Interim Executive Chairman until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until his successor is duly appointed or his resignation. 
 
 On November 5, 2015, the Company accepted the resignation of Mr. Arran de Moubray as a Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 
 
 On June 23, 2016, Mr. David M. Engert was appointed as a Board member, to serve until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until his successor is duly appointed or his resignation. 
 Table of Contents 
 43 
 
 Effective January 20, 2017, Mr. David M. Engert resigned as a Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 
 
 On September 19, 2018, Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Kyle W. Withrow, succeeded him to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until he, or his successor is duly appointed or his resignation. 
 
 On October 4, 2019, Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, Mr. David M. Rocke and Ms. Calli R. Bucci were appointed to the Board, to serve until the next annual meeting of the shareholders or his/her resignation. Mr. John D. Macy was not re-elected to the board of directors. 
 
 On October 8, 2019, Ms. Calli R. Bucci resigned as Corporate Secretary. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Ms. Yinuo Rachel Jiang succeeded her to serve as Corporate Secretary until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until she, or her successor is duly appointed or her resignation. 
 
 On January 12, 2021, Mr. John L. Ogden resigned as a Board member. This resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Kyle W. Withrow, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, succeeded him as a director until the next annual meeting of the shareholders, or his successor is duly appointed or his resignation. 
 
 On April 6, 2021, Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. resigned as Executive Chairman of the Board. His resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, a Board member, and the President of the Company s subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., succeeded him. 
 
 On April 6, 2021, Mr. Kyle W. Withrow resigned as the Company President and Chief Executive Officer, and as a Board member. His resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. Mr. Clive Oosthuizen succeeded him as President and Chief Executive Officer until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and/or until he, or his successor, is duly appointed or his resignation. 
 
 On April 12, 2021, Mr. David M. Rocke resigned as a Board member, and consultant. His resignation was preceded by the Company s inquiry into Mr. Rocke s performance in connection with his Consulting Agreement dated May 1, 2019. 
 
 On April 12, 2021, Mr. Michael Gabriele resigned as President of Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., and its subsidiaries. His resignation did not involve any disagreement with the Company. 
 
 There are currently nine (9) total seats on the Company s Board, of which four (4) are vacant and shall remain open until new members are elected at the next annual meeting of the shareholders, or they are duly appointed by the Board. 
 
 Background and Business Experience 
 
 The following is a brief account of the education and business experience of each director and executive officer during at least the past five years, indicating each person s principal occupation during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which he was employed. 
 
 Clive Oosthuizen, President CEO, Director 
 
 Mr. Oosthuizen is a principal and founder and CEO of Triskelion Risk Solutions, Inc., a Cape Town, South African based security firm serving the African market since 2015 serving international clients Vodacom Group, South Africa, a mobile operator majority owned by British telecom firm Vodafone, PLC, with principal responsibilities for the Corporate Security function for all of Vodacom s African markets. He has provided clients in the African market ranging from gold and diamond mines to serving Siemens Nigeria as its Country Security Manager. His broad experience in security ranges from the analysis of risk and development of planning and drafting risk protocols to the implementation of risk management strategies, including the deployment of security technologies and physical security forces. Between 2003-to-2015, he held management positions in Janusian Risk Management, G4S Security Services, Sanitech and Enviroserv in South Africa, Nigeria and Liberia. 
 
 Prior to his forming Triskelion Risk Solutions Mr. Oosthuizen served, with distinction, for 11 years in the South African National Defense Force, retiring as a Captain. He was a member of the Special Forces Regimen, South Africa s principal special operations unit and counter-insurgency elite, specializing in long-range combat reconnaissance as well as unconventional airborne operations. Only about 8 of recruits who undergo South African Special Forces training pass the course. He was recruited to the Intelligence corps and became a member of the Overt Collection Team. He was promoted to Lieutenant and put in charge of the Counterintelligence Officer at 5 SFR. He then joined the Covert Collection team at 5SFR and was the liaison officer between American, British and Russian Special Forces on training missions. He left the Special forces after 8 years when he was offered the role of establishing an Intelligence office at 4 SAI Battalion in Middleburg. He completed his military service at the Defense Intelligence Headquarters in Pretoria, where he managed a 16-member team that collected and analyzed information and made assessments and predictions and did presentations to the General Staff of the South African National Defense Force on the possible threats facing the country. 
 
 Mr. Oosthuizen left the military with a Secret Security Level Clearance, Intelligence Battle Handling, Overt and Covert Intelligence Gathering I, II, III, Sub Unit Commanders Course, Integration training for Non-Statuary Forces, Free fall Parachuting, Survival, Small Team Tactics, Defensive and Offensive driving tactics, Advanced Covert Collection (SASS). He received his MBA from Management College of South Africa. 
 
 The Company believes Mr. Oosthuizen is qualified to serve as a member of the Company s Board because of his extensive experience in the risk management and security, including military covert and intelligence operations, as well as a diverse background in a multitude of different capacities in throughout Africa and South America. 
 44 
 
 Calli R. Bucci, Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 Ms. Bucci has over thirty years of experience in the field of finance and business management. She joined Enigma in 2010 as its controller, and has served as its Chief Financial Officer since August 2011. Before joining the Company, Ms. Bucci held the position of Chief Financial Officer at InstaSave, Inc., a promotional incentive company, from December 2007 to January 2010, where she was responsible for financial reporting, capital structure strategy and modeling, financial transactions with consumers, consumer product goods companies and retailers, investor relations, audits, payroll and corporate income taxes. 
 
 In addition to her public accounting background, Ms. Bucci held the position of Manager/Senior Accountant at Gelfand, Rennert Feldman, a division of PriceWaterhouseCoopers, from April 1993 to August 1999, where she was responsible for all financial transactions for high net-worth clientele, was liaison for annual audits, general ledger reviews and annual tax preparation. 
 
 Ms. Bucci held the position of Director of Accounting and Contract Administration at Intercontinental Releasing Corporation (IRC), a Los Angeles based Motion Picture Distribution Company, from April 1989 to April 1993. Ms. Bucci was responsible for all functions within the company s accounting department, from financial statements and forecasting, to annual audits and corporate taxes. During her tenure with IRC, Ms. Bucci also designed and implemented a custom computerized availabilities system for the film rights of over 35 film properties distributed to foreign territories throughout the world. She was also responsible for the administration and facilitation of all client contracts, dealing heavily in foreign currencies and international import regulations. 
 
 Ms. Bucci concurrently holds the position of Chief Financial Officer of Data Health Partners, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 
 
 Ms. Bucci attended Santa Monica College and the University of California at Berkley, majoring in Accounting. 
 
 The Company believes Ms. Bucci is qualified to be the Company s Chief Financial Officer and director because of her knowledge of and extensive experience in a multitude of different capacities in corporate finance, business affairs, and public markets. 

Yinuo Jiang, Secretary 
 
 Ms. Jiang joined the Company in 2013 as a financial analyst, and has served as the Corporate Secretary since October 2019. Dynamic and results-oriented, Ms. Jiang has developed extensive skills and experience in financial modeling, data analysis and business strategy. Before joining the company, Ms. Jiang was part of Citibank s Young Talent Program from June to August in 2011. 
 
 Ms. Jiang graduated from the Capital University of Economics and Business, China, in 2012, with a Bachelor of Business Administration, in 2013 received a Master s in Applied Finance from Pepperdine University, and in 2019 received a Master s in Analytics from Georgia Institute of Technology. 
 
 The Company believes Ms. Jiang is qualified to be the Company s Secretary, because of her knowledge and experience in corporate finance and international business affairs. 
 
 William B. Nesbitt, Director 
 
 Mr. Nesbitt is a graduated from Cornell University with a BS degree in Hotel and Service Industry Management from the School of Hotel Administration. He started a car rental company in New York City called Olin s Rent A Car which grew into a major presence in New York and subsequently opened branches in Florida to utilize its off season fleet and serve its vacationing New York customers. Olin s strategy was as a market niche company avoiding the airports and focusing on local neighborhoods and businesses. 
 
 Mr. Nesbitt left Olin s for an opportunity to work for Walter Wriston at Citibank where he participated in the development of the Automatic Teller Machine and a major reduction on branch cost and footprint, with a very substantial increase in customer convenience and deposits. 
 
 Mr. Nesbitt rejoined his old company in Florida which had changed its name to Alamo Rent A Car. He was initially responsible for branches and for fleet utilization. He developed a capacity planning system to help predict the numbers of reservations, pricing potential and no show expectations. This allowed the company to achieve fleet utilization far above the competition. He later led the expansion of Alamo across the country and into foreign markets. With expansion complete, Bill focused on marketing and sales to major wholesale suppliers and partners such as the airlines, travel consortiums, cruise lines and large corporations. 
 
 Since the sale of Alamo, Mr. Nesbitt has focused on several successful company startup and acquisition projects as well as developing customer loyalty retail marketing programs for Harley Davidson dealerships and marine products companies. 
 
 Mr. Nesbitt resigned his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of PearTrack Security Systems, Inc., on October 17, 2014, but remained as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company s subsidiaries, Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. and Ecologic Products, Inc. 
 
 The Company believes Mr. Nesbitt is qualified to be a director because of his extensive experience in corporate expansion and controls, corporate finance, and business affairs. 
 Table of Contents 
 45 
 
 Dr. Martin A. Blake, Director 
 
 Dr. Blake is a sustainability expert with over 25 years experience developing strategic plans and influencing high profile stakeholders within governments, NGOs as well as the postal, construction, healthcare, oil and gas and charity sectors. 
 
 From 2004 to the present, Dr. Blake has been the Head of CSR, Sustainability and Social Policy for the Royal Mail Group plc, London, UK s postal service company and largest single employer, with more than 195,000 employees, 14,000 retail outlets and a fleet of 35,000 vehicles. 
 
 From 2001 to 2004, Dr. Blake was Director of Change, Performance and Risk Management of local authority proving public services for Suffolk Coastal District Council, Suffolk, UK. He successfully designed and directed the implementation of a major transformational change management program. 
 
 Since 1988, Dr. Blake has also held the positions of Interim Managing Director of InterVest Group (BVI) Limited, Bahrain, an international financial services and venture capital provider and Director of Community Infrastructure Development for Saudi Arabian Oil Company, KSA, Saudi Arabia, the largest oil producing, refining and shipping company in the world. 
 
 The Company believes Dr. Blake is qualified to be a director because of his extensive experience in corporate development and management. 
 
 Philip J. Woolas, Director 
 
 Mr. Woolas is a principal and co-founder of Wellington Street Partners, Ltd., a political and business consultancy firm headquartered in the United Kingdom. Prior to his position with Wellington, Mr. Woolas was the Labor Member of Parliament for 13 years, holding the seat of Oldham East Saddleworth. He also served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Minister of State for Transport, Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, deputy leader of the House of Commons, Minister of State for Local Government and Regeneration, Minister of State for Civil Contingency, Minister of State for Environment, and Minister of State for Immigration and Customs. Mr. Woolas also served as Minister for the North West of England, and was a leading member of the Tony Blair and Gordon Brown Governments. 
 
 Prior to his time in Parliament, in 1984 Mr. Woolas was President of the United Kingdom National Union of Students and went on to a successful career in television where he worked initially as a researcher and investigative journalist for ITV and subsequently as a producer for BBC Newsnight and Channel Four News. He then entered politics as Head of Communications and Campaigns for the GMB trade union. He has also published numerous articles and essays and is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts. 
 
 The Company believes Mr. Woolas is qualified to be a director because of his extensive experience in international business affairs and management. 
 
 Former Officers and Directors 
 
 Kyle Withrow, Former President CEO, Director (2018-2021) 
 
 Mr. Withrow has over 20 years experience in business development, marketing and management. With a strong affinity towards entrepreneurial endeavors, Mr. Withrow has been an investor and founding member of five start-up businesses in various industries, including environmental transportation and sustainable auto supply products, VOIP telecommunications, digital marketing, and global security tracking and monitoring technology, as well as top-shelf distilled spirit brands and medical diagnostics. He has worked closely with senior management on regulatory and compliance matters, and the development of small cap public companies. As a senior member of a security technology company, he was instrumental in developing its marketing plan and worked with the development team to introduce new products into the pipeline. Mr. Withrow was a founding investor for a company dedicated to environmentally friendly transportation products, and from 2008 to 2013, developed and implemented the business plan, leaving the company as its president. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Withrow held the position of VP of Marketing for a healthcare company focused on diagnostics. 
 
 Mr. Withrow studied at San Diego State University focusing on psychology and business. As an avid traveler, he has traveled throughout more than 50 countries and 5 Continents, learning as much as possible concerning different people and their cultures. 
 
 E. William Withrow Jr., Former President CEO, Chairman of the Board, Director (2009-2021) 
 
 Mr. Withrow earned his Master s in Business Administration from Harvard University, with a concentration in Investment Banking. He has a bachelor s degree in Business, with a concentration in Finance and Accounting, from the University of Colorado. He served twenty-four years on active duty in the U.S. Navy as a professional logistician, retiring with the rank of Captain. He spent approximately 20 years as a financial professional with Drexel Burnham Lambert, Paine Webber, Merrill Lynch and Wells Fargo. 
 
 Mr. Withrow has been very active in civic leadership for the past 20 years serving in a number of elected and appointed positions, including Mayor of Alameda, California. He is currently serving as the regionally elected President of the Governing Board of the Peralta Colleges, an institution consisting of 2,000 faculty and staff and approximately 30,000 students. 
 46 
 
 Edward W. Withrow III, Former Executive Chairman (2009-2015) 
 
 Mr. Withrow III has over 30 years of experience as a financier. He is responsible for leading the creative team and implementing the Company s business plan, raising capital and forming strategic alliances with industry partners. 
 
 From 2002 to 2005, Mr. Withrow III served as the CEO for Addison-Davis Diagnostics, Inc. a leading-edge point-of-care diagnostic company offering point-of-care screening tests to the global health care market. As CEO, Mr. Withrow III was responsible for corporate governance, strategic planning, capitalization, and business development. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Withrow III served as the CEO for Reward Enterprises, Inc., a diversified financial services company specializing in subprime consumer lending. As CEO, Mr. Withrow III was responsible for developing and implementing the overall business plan of the company. He is the author of several patents in the life sciences space, and has co-authored a patent-pending non-hormonal treatment for women in menopause and post cancer treatments. 
 
 Mr. Withrow III graduated from Alameda High School in Alameda California in 1982 and attended Santa Barbara City College from 1982 to 1985 where he majored in Business. 
 
 John L. Ogden, Former Director (2008-2021) 
 
 Mr. Ogden has more than 30 years experience in energy corporate finance, international negotiations, corporate and asset acquisition, business development and energy company management. Since 1995 he has been a principal and managing director of Wood Roberts, LLC, an energy corporate financial advisory firm based in Houston, Texas. Between 1985 and 1995, he managed an independent corporate financial consulting business specializing in domestic and international energy issues, providing M A advice, and strategic corporate financial consulting services. Mr. Ogden graduated from the University of Leeds, England, with a Bachelor of Laws (honors) and is qualified as a Barrister-at-Law in England. 
 
 John D. Macey, Former Director (2014-2019) 
 
 Mr. Macey s career started in electronic engineering, and although still an engineer at heart he has for the past 20 years been a Senior Executive specializing in technology and solution delivery. He has worked in both new businesses and public entities, and in recent years provided specialist technology management consultancy to such clients as Vodafone and Promethean Plc. 
 
 As CTO and founding Executive Board Member of Minorplanet Systems Plc, Mr. Macey was responsible for development, manufacturing and operational aspects of the business from inception until 2004. MPS are considered to be one of the industry forebears and soon after forming became listed on the London Stock Exchange with an international business which grew to employ some 1,200 staff globally. 
 
 Mr. Macey has a proven track record in Product Development, NPI, and Manufacturing, and has extensive experience in Hardware, Firmware, and Software Design, Mechanical Engineering, Systems Integration, and Vendor/Supply Chain management. 
 
 David M. Engert, Former Director (2016-2017) 
 
 Mr. Engert has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of NightHawk Radiology Holdings, Inc. since November 2008 and as a member of its Board since April 30, 2008. Mr. Engert also sits on the board of directors of Healthation, Inc., a healthcare information technology company. Mr. Engert was the founder and owner of ES3, a strategic consulting and investment company since 2007. From 2002 to 2006, Mr. Engert served as the president, chief executive officer and director of Quality Care Solutions, Inc., one of the nation s leading providers of advanced healthcare payer enterprise application solutions, which was acquired by Trizetto, Inc. in January 2007. Prior to 2002, Mr. Engert held a number of senior level management positions in the healthcare industry over the previous 10 years, including senior vice president general manager at McKesson Corporation s Managed Care Division. 
 
 David M. Rocke, Former Director (2019-2021) 
 
 Mr. Rocke is a retired insurance executive, investor and entrepreneur with a strong background in accounting, insurance and reinsurance, as well as mergers and acquisitions. Between 1996 to 2017, Mr. Rocke was engaged by Enstar Group Limited Enstar ), a premier acquirer and operator of insurance and reinsurance businesses. Beginning in 2006, while at Enstar, he worked almost exclusively in mergers and acquisitions, and was responsible for the whole of Enstar s acquisition process. His duties included managing deal due diligence, including the oversight of internal and external claims analysts, financial modeling, actuarial work, supervising internal and external counsel, and liaising with funding sources and regulatory bodies to ensure timely deal completion. During Mr. Rocke s tenure, Enstar grew from a dozen employees to approximately 1,300 employees, with annual revenues and total assets growing to 343.8 million and 13.6 billion, respectively. Prior to his retirement in 2017, he held the title of Executive Vice President of Mergers and Acquisition at Enstar. From 1993 to 1996 Mr. Rocke worked Deloitte Touche in Bermuda, where he began as an Audit Senior and rose to Insolvency Manager, covering investment funds and reinsurance companies. From 1990 to 1993, he trained as a Chartered Accountant at Touche Ross in the United Kingdom. 
 
 Mr. Rocke received his MA in Mathematics at Merton College, Oxford in the United Kingdom. 
 
 Michael Gabriele, Former President, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc. (2019-2021) 
 
 Mr. Gabriele served as the President of the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., since its inception in August 2019, as well as EBRM s subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. His professional experience includes business development and operations management, as well as an acute background in insurance and risk management. Mr. Gabriele is currently a Director of Business Development and Analytics at Pro Health Care MGA, and is responsible for business development for specialty MGA policies. From 2010 to 2017, Mr. Gabriele held the position of Reinsurance Executive for ProSight Specialty Insurance Company. From 2004 to 2010, he held the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, responsible for all business operations overseeing a staff of 85 employees. Mr. Gabriele s career began in 1991, amassing a wealth of skills and experience that has strengthened over 30 years. 
 
 Mr. Gabriele attended the City University of New York, receiving his AAS degree in Accounting. He has also received his paralegal certification and is an ARIAS US Certified Arbitrator. 
 Table of Contents 
 47 
 
 Identification of Significant Consultants 
 
 Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a beneficial shareholder and the Company s former executive chairman (2009-2015), has been retained by the Company to provide business advisory and strategic planning services. On December 4, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into a consulting agreement with Huntington Chase Financial Group, through which Mr. Withrow III s services are being provided. The consulting agreement provides a base compensation of 240,000 per year for a period of four (4) years, and was renewed for an additional year, expiring October 31, 2018. On November 1, 2018, the Company entered into a new Consulting Agreement with Huntington Chase LLC for the services of Mr. Withrow III. The agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 240,000 per year. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 
 Mr. E. William Withrow, Jr., former President, CEO and Board member (2009-2021) is the father of Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a beneficial shareholder and former executive chairman (2009-2015), and Mr. Kyle W. Withrow, former President, CEO and Board member (2018-2021). See Identification of Directors and Executive Officers , above, for each party s term. 
 
 There are no family relationships among its directors or executive officers as of the date of filing of this Annual Report. 
 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 
 On May 14, 2018, RoxSan Pharmacy, Inc. RoxSan a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., Parallax filed a Chapter 7 petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Central District of California (the Court ). Mr. Timothy Yoo was appointed trustee Trustee on May 15, 2018. In connection with this filing, RoxSan sought to discharge approximately 5 million of liabilities owed to various parties, and intercompany loans in excess of 1 million owed to Parallax. The Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceeding by RoxSan was fully discharged, and the case was closed on March 13, 2019, in U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Central District of California. 
 
 Ms. Calli R. Bucci, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Board member, is Chief Financial Officer of Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., and a member of its board. Mr. E. William Withrow Jr., former Board member (2009-2021), and Mr. David M. Engert, former Board member (2016-2017), were also Board members of Parallax during this period. Mr. John L. Ogden, a former Board member (2008-2021), is currently a Board member of Parallax. Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a beneficial shareholder and former executive chairman, is also a beneficial shareholder of Parallax, and its former executive chairman. 
 
 On December 18, 2018, the Company s founder and former executive chairman (2009-2015), Mr. Edward W. Withrow III Withrow III ), pled guilty to one count of making false statements during a deposition with a Federal Prosecutor while he was the Chairman of the Company. Withrow III was sentenced to six (6) months house arrest, five-year supervised probation, and a 10,000 fine. After 18 months, Mr. Withrow s probation was terminated. Subsequently, on March 12, 2019, Withrow III entered into a non-admission/non-denial agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and was barred from investing in a Penny Stock offering of a public company, and from acting as an officer or director of a public company for five years. In the written Order, Hon. Judge Saris of the United States Court District of Massachusetts, stated that Withrow is not a repeat offender and is remorseful. He was a legitimate businessman prior to his involvement in the at-issue scheme, and there is little likelihood of recidivism. The Company s Board and executives concur with Judge Saris. 
 
 The Company knows of no other directors, executive officers or control persons involved in any of the following events during the past five years: 
 
 1. any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 
 2. any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 
 3. being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 
 4. being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 At December 31, 2016, the Company s audit committee consisted of Mr. John L. Ogden, chairperson, and Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. During the calendar year 2016, the business of the audit committee was conducted though teleconferences. Formal communications to the Board were made during meetings held by the Board and in writing via email. 
 
 As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the Company does not have an audit committee. The Board as a whole addresses any audit related matters. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Code of Ethics applies to directors and senior officers, such as the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controller, and persons performing similar functions. 
 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of change in ownership of Common Stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4, and amendments thereto, furnished to the Company under Rule 16a-3 during the year ended December 31, 2016, Forms 5, and any amendments thereto, furnished to the Company with respect to the year ended December 31, 2016, and the representations made by the reporting persons to the Company, the Company believes that during the year ended December 31, 2016, its executive officers and directors and all persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 
 48 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The table below summarizes the compensation paid by the Company to the following persons: 
 
 (a) its principal executive officer; 
 (b) each of the Company s two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015; and 
 (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as the Company s executive officer at the end of the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. 
 
 No disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than the Company s principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: 
 
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 
 Stock Award 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 E. William Withrow Jr. 
 2016 
 175,000 
 [1] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 30,286 
 [5] 
 205,286 
 
 President, CEO, Director 
 2015 
 175,000 
 [1] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 175,000 
 
 Calli R. Bucci 
 2016 
 120,000 
 [2] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 120,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 
 2015 
 120,000 
 [2] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 120,000 
 
 John D Macey 
 2016 
 181,500 
 [3] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 30,464 
 [5] 
 211,964 
 
 Chief Technical Officer, Director 
 2015 
 198,000 
 [3] 
 10,000 
 [3] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 208,000 
 
 Edward W. Withrow III 
 2016 
 240,000 
 [4] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 240,000 
 
 Key Consultant, Former Executive Chairman (2009-2015) 
 2015 
 240,000 
 [4] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 240,000 

[1] 
 Pursuant to employment agreement dated December 4, 2013. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. As of December 31, 2016, 539,580 has been converted into a convertible promissory note, accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at 0.05 per share. 

[2] 
 Pursuant to consulting agreement with MJ Management Services, Inc. dated December 1, 2014. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. 

[3] 
 Pursuant to employment agreement dated December 1, 2014. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. As of December 31, 2016, 426,464 has been converted into a convertible promissory, accrues interest at 4 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at 0.25 per share. 

[4] 
 Pursuant to consulting agreement with Huntington Chase Financial Group dated December 4, 2013. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. As of December 31, 2016, 683,000 has been converted into a convertible promissory note, accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at 0.05 per share. 

[5] 
 Accrued vacation. 

Table of Contents 
 49 
 
 The table below summarizes the compensation paid by the Company subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report: 
 
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 
 Stock Award 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Clive Oosthuizen 
 2022 
 160,000 
 [1] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 3,463 
 [10] 
 163,463 
 
 President, CEO, Director (2019 Present) 
 2021 
 220,000 
 [1] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 8,653 
 [10] 
 228,653 

2020 
 190,000 
 [1] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 8,652 
 [10] 
 198,652 

2019 
 60,000 
 [1] 
 25,000 
 [1] 
 360,000 
 [1] 
 625 
 [1] 
 None 
 None 
 3,462 
 [10] 
 449,087 
 
 Calli R. Bucci 
 2022 
 150,000 
 [2] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 150,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Director (2011 Present) 
 2021 
 150,000 
 [2] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 150,000 

2020 
 150,000 
 [2] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 150,000 

2019 
 150,000 
 [2] 
 None 
 
 10,000 
 [2] 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 160,000 

2018 
 125,000 
 [2] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 [2] 
 None 
 None 
 6,924 
 [10] 
 131,924 

2017 
 120,000 
 [2] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 27.696 
 [10] 
 147,696 
 
 Yinuo Jiang 
 2022 
 100,000 
 [3] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 100,000 
 
 Secretary (2019 Present) 
 2021 
 100,000 
 [3] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 100,000 

2020 
 100,000 
 [3] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 100,000 

2019 
 55,000 
 [3] 
 None 
 
 10,000 
 [3] 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 65,000 
 
 Kyle Withrow 
 2021 
 39,966 
 [4] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 2,885 
 [10] 
 42,851 
 
 Former President, CEO, Director (2018 2021) 
 2020 
 150,000 
 [4] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 11,540 
 [10] 
 161,540 

2019 
 150,000 
 [4] 
 None 
 
 15,000 
 [4] 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 11,540 
 [10] 
 176,540 

2018 
 36,500 
 [4] 
 None 
 
 10,000 
 [4] 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 2,885 
 [10] 
 49,385 
 
 E. William Withrow Jr. 
 2019 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 10,000 
 [5] 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 10,000 
 
 Former President, CEO (2009 2018) 
 2018 
 125,837 
 [5] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 10,094 
 [10] 
 135,931 

2017 
 175,000 
 [5] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 13,460 
 [10] 
 188,460 
 
 Edward W. Withrow III 
 2022 
 240,000 
 [6] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 240,000 
 
 Key Consultant (2016 Present) 
 2021 
 240,000 
 [6] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 240,000 
 
 Former Executive Chairman (2009 2015) 
 2020 
 240,000 
 [6] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 240,000 

2019 
 240,000 
 [6] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 240,000 

2018 
 240,000 
 [6] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 240,000 

2017 
 240,000 
 [6] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 240,000 
 
 David Rocke 
 2021 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 17,336 
 [9] 
 17,336 
 
 Former Consultant, Director (2019 2021) 
 2020 
 50,000 
 [7] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 39,527 
 [9] [10] 
 89,527 

2019 
 100,000 
 [7] 
 None 
 
 67,720 
 [7] 
 39,875 
 [7] 
 None 
 None 
 20,187 
 [9] [10] 
 227,782 
 
 Michael Gabriele 
 2021 
 49,503 
 [8] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 17,336 
 [9] 
 66,839 
 
 Former subsidiary President (2019 2021) 
 2020 
 175,000 
 [8] 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 None 
 40,487 
 [9] [10] 
 215,487 

2019 
 116,666 
 [8] 
 None 
 
 67,720 
 [8] 
 15,950 
 [8] 
 None 
 None 
 20,667 
 [9] [10] 
 221,003 

[1] 
 Pursuant to consulting agreement dated September 1, 2019. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. Consulting agreement includes 1,250,000 options granted, which are exercisable at a price of 0.05 per share, vest quarterly over a period of 36 months, and were valued at 625 using the Black-Scholes method. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 5.75 years, expected volatility 41.3 , risk free interest rate 1.84 , and dividend yield 0 . Executive also granted stock award in 2019 of 4,000,000 shares, with an aggregate grant date fair value of 360,000, at a cost of 0.001 per share, 100 of which vested immediately. As of December 31, 2022, 554,230 in accrued compensation has been converted into a convertible promissory note, net of conversions, which accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at 0.05 per share. On August 31, 2021, 100,000 in principal and 16,442 in accrued interest was converted into 2,328,833 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. 

[2] 
 Pursuant to consulting agreement with MJ Management Services, Inc. dated December 1, 2014, and subsequent agreement dated November 1, 2018. All compensation earned under these agreements is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. The November 2018 consulting agreement includes 500,000 options granted, which are exercisable at a price of 0.10 per share, vest quarterly over a period of 24 months, and were valued at 0 using the Black-Scholes method. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.75 years, expected volatility 35.59 , risk free interest rate 2.96 , and dividend yield 0 . Executive also granted stock award in 2019 of 1,000,000 shares, with an aggregate grant date fair value of 10,000, at a cost of 0.001 per share, 100 of which vested immediately. As of December 31, 2022, 945,170 in accrued compensation has been converted into a convertible promissory note, net of conversions, which accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at 0.05 per share. On August 31, 2021, 150,000 in principal and 67,340 in accrued interest was converted into 4,346,790 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. 

[3] 
 Pursuant to consulting agreement dated October 8, 2019. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. Consulting agreement also includes stock award of 1,000,000 shares, with an aggregate grant date fair value of 10,000, at a cost of 0.001 per share, 100 of which vested immediately. As of December 31, 2022, 342,193 in accrued compensation has been converted into a convertible promissory note, net of conversions, which accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at 0.05 per share. On August 31, 2021, 82,802 in principal and 17,198 in accrued interest was converted into 2,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. 

[4] 
 Pursuant to employment agreement dated October 1, 2018. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. Employment agreement also includes stock award of 1,000,000 shares, with an aggregate grant date fair value of 10,000, 100 of which vested immediately, at a cost of 0.001 per share. Executive also granted stock award in 2019 of 1,500,000 shares, with an aggregate grant date fair value of 15,000, at a cost of 0.001 per share, 100 of which vested immediately. As of December 31, 2022, 403,816 in accrued compensation has been converted into a convertible promissory note, which accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at 0.05 per share. 

[5] 
 Pursuant to employment agreement dated December 4, 2013. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. Executive resigned as President and CEO on September 19, 2018, but remained as Director until April 6, 2021. Executive also granted stock award in 2019 of 1,000,000 shares, with an aggregate grant date fair value of 10,000, at a cost of 0.001 per share, 100 of which vested immediately. As of December 31, 2022, 893,256 in accrued compensation has been converted into a convertible promissory note, which accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at 0.05 per share. On August 31, 2021, 224,795 in accrued interest was converted into 4,495,909 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. 

[6] 
 Pursuant to consulting agreement with Huntington Chase Financial Group dated December 4, 2013. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. As of December 31, 2022, 1,123,000 in accrued compensation has been converted into a convertible promissory note, which accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at 0.05 per share. On August 31, 2021, 282,519 in accrued interest was converted into 5,650,384 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. 

[7] 
 Pursuant to consulting agreement dated May 1, 2019. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. Consulting agreement includes 6,875,093 options granted, with an exercise price of 0.005 per share, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met, and were valued at 39,875 using the Black-Scholes method. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.00 years, expected volatility 38.58 , risk free interest rate 2.15 , and dividend yield 0 . Executive also granted stock award in connection with Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement dated August 29, 2019, of 6,772,000 shares, with an aggregate grant date fair value of 67,720, at a cost of 0.001 per share, 100 of which vested immediately. As of December 31, 2022, 100,000 in accrued compensation has been converted into a convertible promissory note, which accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at the average trading price for the twenty (20) days immediately preceding the conversion. 

[8] 
 Pursuant to consulting agreement dated May 1, 2019. All compensation earned under this agreement is deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. Consulting agreement includes 2,750,040 options granted, with an exercise price of 0.005 per share, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met, and were valued at 15,950 using the Black-Scholes method. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.00 years, expected volatility 38.58 , risk free interest rate 2.15 , and dividend yield 0 . Executive also granted stock award in connection with Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement dated August 29, 2019, of 6,772,000 shares, with an aggregate grant date fair value of 67,720, at a cost of 0.001 per share, 100 of which vested immediately. As of December 31, 2022, 324,629 in accrued compensation has been converted into a convertible promissory note, which accrues interest at 5 per annum, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at the average trading price for the twenty (20) days immediately preceding the conversion. 

[9] 
 Includes profit participation of 17,336, 33,757 and 17,302 for 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 

[10] 
 Accrued vacation. 

Table of Contents 
 50 
 
 Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment and Change in Control Arrangements 
 
 On December 4, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into an employment agreement with Mr. E. William Withrow Jr., for his services as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement is for an initial term of two (2) years, extending annually thereafter, and provides for compensation of 175,000 per year as well as customary employee benefits and a bonus plan contingent upon the Company s performance. In addition, the Agreement includes a grant to purchase 1,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 250,000, at a price of 0.001 per share. On September 19, 2018, Mr. Withrow Jr. resigned, and the agreement was terminated. 
 
 On December 4, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into a consulting agreement with Huntington Chase Financial Group, a related party, for the services of Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, former Executive Chairman (2009-2015). The consulting agreement provides for compensation in the amount of 20,000 per month for an initial term of four (4) years, and was renewed for an additional year, expiring October 31, 2018. On November 1, 2018, the Company entered into a new consulting agreement with Huntington Chase LLC for the services of Mr. Withrow III. The agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 240,000 per year. 
 
 On December 9, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. John D. Macey, a Board member, for his services in the area of technology, sales and marketing. The consulting agreement, commencing January 1, 2014, provides for compensation in the amount of 60,000 per year for a period of two (2) years, until December 4, 2016. On December 1, 2014, the consulting agreement was superseded by an employment agreement with Mr. Macey to serve as Chief Technology Officer. The employment agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, provides for compensation in the amount of 198,000 per year for a period of two (2) years, as well as customary employee benefits and a bonus plan contingent upon the Company s performance. The agreement expired November 30, 2016, and was not renewed. 
 
 On October 17, 2014, Mr. William B. Nesbitt resigned his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. As a result, the Employment Agreement dated November 1, 2011, was terminated. An employment agreement for Mr. Nesbitt s position as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company s subsidiaries is in negotiations. 
 
 On December 1, 2014, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with MJ Management Services, Inc., for the services of Ms. Calli R. Bucci to serve as Chief Financial Officer. The agreement is for a period of three (3) years, and provides for compensation of 120,000 per year, as well as expense reimbursements, and an initial stock award of 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 149,500, at a price of 0.001 per share. On November 1, 2018, the Company entered into a new consulting agreement with MJ Management Services, Inc. for the services of Ms. Calli R. Bucci to serve as Chief Financial Officer. The agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 150,000 per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. In addition, the agreement includes a grant of 500,000 options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.10 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five (5) years, vest quarterly over a period of twenty-four (24) months, and were valued at 0 using the Black-Scholes method. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.75 years, expected volatility 35.59 , risk free interest rate 2.96 , and dividend yield 0 . 
 
 On October 1, 2018, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Kyle W. Withrow to serve as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 150,000 per year, as well as customary bonuses and employee benefits. In addition, the agreement includes a grant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 10,000, for 0.001 per share. On April 6, 2021, Mr. Withrow resigned, and the agreement was terminated. 
 
 On May 1, 2019, the Company entered into Consulting Agreement with Mr. David Rocke. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 150,000 per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals, as well as 12.5 of Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. adjusted gross earnings, as defined within the agreement. In addition, the agreement includes a grant of 6,875,093 options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 39,875 using the Black-Scholes method, at an exercise price of 0.005 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five (5) years, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.00 years, expected volatility 38.58 , risk free interest rate 2.15 , and dividend yield 0 . On April 12, 2021, Mr. Rocke resigned, and the agreement was terminated. 
 
 On May 1, 2019, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., entered into Consulting Agreement with Mr. Michael Gabriele, to serve as its President, and the President of its subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 175,000 per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals, as well as 12.5 of Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. adjusted gross earnings, as defined within the agreement. In addition, the agreement includes a grant of 2,750,040 options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 15,950 using the Black-Scholes method, at an exercise price of 0.005 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five (5) years, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.00 years, expected volatility 38.58 , risk free interest rate 2.15 , and dividend yield 0 . On April 12, 2021, Mr. Gabriele resigned, and the agreement was terminated. 
 Table of Contents 
 51 
 
 On August 29, 2019, the Company entered into a Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement NC Agreement with Mr. David Rocke. The agreement is for an initial term of five (5) years, and provides as compensation a grant to purchase 6,667,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 66,670, for 0.001 per share, plus the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock equal to seven percent (7 of any issuance of Common Stock through May 15, 2019, originating from any financial instrument issued by the Company or its subsidiaries, in exchange for certain restrictions placed upon Mr. Rocke s business activities. 
 
 On August 29, 2019, the Company entered into a Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement NC Agreement with Mr. Michael Gabriele, the President of the Company s subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. The agreement is for an initial term of five (5) years, and provides as compensation a grant to purchase 6,667,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 66,670, for 0.001 per share, plus the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock equal to seven percent (7 of any issuance of Common Stock through May 15, 2019, originating from any financial instrument issued by the Company or its subsidiaries, in exchange for certain restrictions placed upon Mr. Gabriele s business activities. 
 
 On September 1, 2019, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., entered into Consulting Agreement with Mr. Clive Oosthuizen to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 180,000 year one, 210,000 year two, and 240,000 year three, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. In addition, the agreement includes a 25,000 signing bonus, and a grant of 1,250,000 options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 625 using the Black-Scholes method, at an exercise price of 0.05 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five (5) years, and vest periodically over a period of thirty-six (36) months. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 5.75 years, expected volatility 41.3 , risk free interest rate 1.84 , and dividend yield 0 . 
 
 On October 1, 2019, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with Ms. Yinuo Jiang to serve as the Company s Corporate Secretary effective October 8, 2019, among other duties. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 100,000 per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. In addition, the agreement includes a grant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 10,000, at 0.001 per share. 
 
 On October 10, 2019, the Company entered into a Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement NC Agreement with Mr. Clive Oosthuizen. The agreement is for an initial term of five (5) years, and provides as compensation a grant to purchase 4,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 360,000, at 0.001 per share, plus the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock equal to four and one-half percent (4.5 of any issuance of Common Stock originating from any financial instrument issued by the Company or its subsidiaries during the term, in exchange for certain restrictions placed upon Mr. Oosthuizen s business activities. 
 
 There are no other employment contracts, compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any executive officer, that would result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with the Company, or its subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of the Company. 
 
 There are no agreements or understandings for any executive officer to resign at the request of another person. None of the Company s executive officers acts or will act on behalf of or at the direction of any other person. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 The Company maintains the 2009 Stock Option Plan the 2009 Plan ), wherein 20,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance. The 2009 Plan is intended to assist the Company in securing and retaining key employees, directors and consultants by allowing them to participate in the Company s ownership and growth through the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options. Under the 2009 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options only to employees non-qualified stock options to employees, officers, directors and consultants. Subject to the provisions of the 2009 Plan, the Board will administer the plan, and determine grants. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company has granted options to purchase a total of 724,755 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, of which 492,255 have expired and 130,000 were forfeited/canceled. There were 102,500 stock options outstanding at December 31, 2016. 
 
 On October 1, 2018, pursuant to a Board resolution, the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan the 2018 Plan was established, wherein 20,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance. The 2018 Plan is intended to assist the Company in securing and retaining key employees, directors and consultants by allowing them to participate in the Company s ownership and growth through the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options. Under the 2018 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options to employees and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants. Subject to the provisions of the 2018 Plan, the Board will administer the plan, and determine grants. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, 18,544,000 restricted stock awards and 500,000 stock options were granted under the 2018 Plan, and 956,000 shares remain reserved. 
 52 
 
 On September 20, 2019, pursuant to a Board resolution, the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan the 2019 Plan was established, wherein 20,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance. The 2019 Plan is intended to assist the Company in securing and retaining key employees, directors and consultants by allowing them to participate in the Company s ownership and growth through the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options. Under the 2019 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options to employees and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants. Subject to the provisions of the 2019 Plan, the Board will administer the plan, and determine grants. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, 7,000,000 restricted stock awards and 10,875,133 stock options were granted under the 2019 Plan, and 2,124,867 shares remain reserved. 
 
 On October 1, 2021, pursuant to a Board resolution, the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan the 2021 Plan was established, wherein 20,000,000 restricted shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance. The 2021 Plan is intended to assist the Company in securing and retaining key employees, directors and consultants by allowing them to participate in the Company s ownership and growth through the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options. Under the 2021 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options to employees and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the Board will administer the plan, and determine grants. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, 2,500,000 restricted stock awards and 5,000,000 stock options were granted under the 2021 Plan, and 12,500,000 shares remain reserved. 
 
 Plan Name 
 
 Plan Reserve 
 
 RSAs Granted 
 
 Options Granted 
 
 Reserve Balance 
 
 2009 Stock Option Plan 

-- 
 
 724,755 

2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 18,544,000 
 
 500,000 
 
 956,000 
 
 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 7,000,000 
 
 10,875,133 
 
 2,124,867 
 
 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 20,000,000 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 12,500,000 

60,000,000 
 
 28,044,000 
 
 17,099,888 
 
 15,580,867 

Plan expired 2019 

As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the Company has granted options to purchase a total of 17,099,888 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, of which 4,812,564 were exercised, 594,755 have expired, 130,000 were forfeited/canceled, and 11,562,569 were outstanding. 
 
 Stock Options/SAR Grants 
 
 No options were granted to the Company s directors and officers during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. 
 
 The following options were granted subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report: 
 
 On November 1, 2018, in connection with her consulting agreement, Ms. Calli R. Bucci, the Company s CFO, was granted options to purchase 500,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.10 per share. The shares, valued at 0 using the Black-Scholes method, vest quarterly over a period of two (2) years, and are exercisable for a period of five (5) years. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.75 years, expected volatility 35.59 , risk free interest rate 2.96 , and dividend yield 0 . 
 
 On May 15, 2019, in connection with his consulting agreement, Mr. David Rocke, a former member of the Board (2019-2021), was granted options to purchase 6,875,093 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.005 per share. The shares, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met, were valued at 39,875 using the Black-Scholes method, and are exercisable for a period of five (5) years. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4 years, expected volatility 38.58 , risk free interest rate 2.15 , and dividend yield 0 . 
 
 On May 15, 2019, in connection with his consulting agreement, Mr. Michael Gabriele, former president (2019-2021) of the Company s subsidiary, EBS, was granted options to purchase 2,750,040 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.005 per share. The shares, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met, were valued at 15,950 using the Black-Scholes method, and are exercisable for a period of five (5) years. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4 years, expected volatility 38.58 , risk free interest rate 2.15 , and dividend yield 0 . 
 
 On September 1, 2019, in connection with his consulting agreement, Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, the Company s President and CEO, was granted options to purchase 1,250,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.05 per share. The shares, valued at 625 using the Black-Scholes method, vest periodically over a period of thirty-six (36) months, and are exercisable for a period of five (5) years. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 5.75 years, expected volatility 41.30 , risk free interest rate 1.84 , and dividend yield 0 . 
 Table of Contents 
 53 
 
 Aggregated Option Exercised in Last Fiscal Year and Fiscal Year-End Values 
 
 There were no options exercised during the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 or 2015, by any officer or director of the Company. 
 
 The following options were exercised subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report: 
 
 On September 20, 2019, the Company issued 2,864,620 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock to Mr. David Rocke, a former Board member (2019-2021), in connection with the exercise of stock options at an exercise price of 0.005, for cash in the amount of 14,323. 
 
 On September 20, 2019, the Company issued 1,145,850 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock to Mr. Michael Gabriele, former president (2019-2021) of the Company s subsidiary, EBRM, in connection with the exercise of stock options at an exercise price of 0.005, for cash in the amount of 14,323. 
 
 On December 20, 2019, the Company issued 572,924 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock to Mr. David Rocke, a former Board member (2019-2021), in connection with the exercise of stock options at an exercise price of 0.005, for cash in the amount of 2,864. 
 
 On December 20, 2019, the Company issued 229,170 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock to Mr. Michael Gabriele, former president (2019-2021) of the Company s subsidiary, EBRM, in connection with the exercise of stock options at an exercise price of 0.005, for cash in the amount of 1,146. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 
 The following table represents the outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2016: 

Number of Options 

Name 
 
 Granted 
 
 Non-Exercisable 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Kyle Withrow 
 
 25,000 

25,000 
 
 3.20 
 
 04/19/2021 
 
 John Ogden 
 
 15,000 

15,000 
 
 3.20 
 
 04/19/2021 
 
 Edward W. Withrow Jr. 
 
 15,000 

15,000 
 
 3.20 
 
 04/19/2021 
 
 Shelley Meyers 
 
 15,000 

15,000 
 
 3.20 
 
 04/19/2021 
 
 Myles Lambert 
 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 3.20 
 
 04/19/2021 
 
 Paul Christensen 
 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 3.20 
 
 04/19/2021 
 
 Calli Bucci 
 
 5,000 

5,000 
 
 3.20 
 
 04/19/2021 
 
 Martin Blake 
 
 5,000 

5,000 
 
 3.20 
 
 04/19/2021 
 
 Rodolpho Madrigal 
 
 2,500 

2,500 
 
 3.20 
 
 04/19/2021 

102,500 

102,500 

During the year ended December 31, 2016, no stock option compensation was expensed. There remained no deferred stock option compensation at December 31, 2016. 
 
 The following table represents the outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report: 

Number of Options 

Name 
 
 Granted 
 
 Non-Exercisable 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Calli R. Bucci 
 
 500,000 

500,000 
 
 0.10 
 
 11/01/2023 
 
 David Rocke 
 
 3,437,549 
 
 3,437,549 

0.005 
 
 05/15/2024 
 
 Michael Gabriele 
 
 1,375,020 
 
 1,375,020 

0.005 
 
 05/15/2024 
 
 Clive Oosthuizen 
 
 1,250,000 

1,250,000 
 
 0.10 
 
 09/01/2024 
 
 Daniel Dromerhauser 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 4,000,000 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 0.10 
 
 01/01/2027 

11,562,569 
 
 8,812,569 
 
 2,750,000 

Compensation of Directors 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had no formal plan for compensating its directors for their service in their capacity as directors. However, the Company s directors and certain officers have received stock options to purchase common shares under the Company s 2009 Stock Option Plan, and may receive additional stock options at the discretion of the Company s Board or (as to future grants) a compensation committee which may be established in the future. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of the Company s board of directors. The Company s Board may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on the Company s behalf other than services ordinarily required of a director. As of December 31, 2016, no director received and/or accrued any compensation for their services as a director, including committee participation and/or special assignments. 
 54 
 
 On September 23, 2019, the Company adopted a compensation and expense reimbursement plan for its independent directors (the DC Plan ), to provide the directors with reasonable compensation for the performance of their duties as members of the Board and the amount of time spent on official business of the Company. The compensation provided under the DC Plan is as follows: 
 1. Annual retainer of 24,000 for Board membership, inclusive of all board meeting attendance. 
 2. Annual retainer of 12,000 for Committee membership, inclusive of all Committee meeting attendance. 
 3. Annual retainer for service as the Audit and Compensation Committee Chairpersons of 5,000. 
 4. Annual retainer for service as the Chairperson of any committee established by the Board, other than the Audit or Compensation Committee, of 2,500. 
 5. Reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred in connection with participation and/or attendance of Board and Committee meetings. 
 
 The Company has not paid any other cash compensation or directors fees for services rendered as a director since the Company s inception to the adoption of the DC Plan. 
 
 The following table represents the compensation owed to directors under the DC Plan as of December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report: 
 
 Name 
 
 Board Member 
 
 Committee Member 
 
 Committee Chair 
 
 Total 
 
 E. William Withrow Jr. 

36,000 

18,000 

54,000 
 
 John L. Ogden 

30,000 

15,000 

5,250 

50,250 
 
 William B. Nesbitt 

78,000 

78,000 
 
 Philip Woolas 

77,500 

77,500 
 
 Martin Blake 

77,500 

77,500 
 
 Total 

299,000 

33,000 

5,250 

337,250 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, the Company had no pension plans or compensatory plans or other arrangements which provide compensation in the event of termination of employment or change in control. There are no arrangements or plans in which the Company provides pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. The Company has no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to its directors or executive officers, except stock options that may be granted at the discretion of the Board or a committee thereof. 
 
 The Company s directors and certain officers have received stock options and stock awards under the Company s various stock incentive plans and may receive additional grants at the discretion of the Company s Board in the future. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 The Company currently does not have a compensation committee. The Board as a whole will address any compensation related matters, including executive compensation. 
 Table of Contents 
 55 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2016 , certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock by each stockholder known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s Common Stock and by each of the Company s current directors and executive officers. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated. 
 
 Shareholder 
 Address 
 City, State, Zip 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership [1] 
 Percentage of Shares 
 of Common Stock [1] 
 
 Edward W. Withrow III 
 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd, Ste 1100-#1234 
 Los Angeles, CA 90034 
 46,788,723 
 [2] 
 50.30 
 
 Huntington Chase Financial Group 
 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd, Ste 1100-#1234 
 Los Angeles, CA 90034 
 24,749,584 
 [3] 
 26.61 
 
 Withrow Sinclair Co. 
 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd, Ste 1100-#1234 
 Los Angeles, CA 90034 
 16,461,909 
 [4] 
 23.73 
 
 Phyllis De Moubray 
 Chester Mountain Street 
 Chilham Kent CT4 8DQ UK 
 7,713,783 
 [5] 
 11.12 
 
 Brook Invest Finance SA 
 PO Box 146 
 Road Town, BVI 
 5,706,506 
 [6] 
 8.22 
 
 Paul B. Burke 
 Heron House, Withinlee Road 
 Prestbury, Cheshire SK10 4AT UK 
 3,851,892 
 [7] 
 5.55 
 
 Adrian Pegler 
 4 Highmoor View 
 Waterhead, Oldham OL4 2SL UK 
 3,821,076 
 [8] 
 5.51 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers: 

E. William Withrow Jr. 
 133 Cumberland Way 
 Alameda, CA 94502 
 16,667,195 
 [9] 
 20.61 
 
 John D. Macey 
 Parkfield, Park Road 
 Willaston Neston Cheshire CH64 1TJ UK 
 5,604,568 
 [10] 
 7.88 
 
 John L. Ogden 
 Two Riverway, Suite 1710 
 Houston, TX 77056 
 2,941,384 
 [11] 
 4.24 
 
 Calli R. Bucci 
 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd, Ste 1100-#1234 
 Los Angeles, CA 90034 
 2,306,058 
 [12] 
 3.32 
 
 William B. Nesbitt 
 549 Carcaba Road 
 Saint Augustine, FL 32084 
 9,468,223 
 [13] 
 12.11 
 
 Martin A. Blake 
 #16 - 03 Adria, 12 Derbyshire Road 
 Novena, Singapore 309466 
 5,000 
 [14] 
 0.01 
 
 Directors and officers as a group (6 shareholders) 
 
 36,992,428 
 
 48.17 

[1] 
 Based upon 69,382,753 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016, and Common Stock deemed outstanding for each beneficial shareholder. The Common Stock deemed outstanding was not deemed outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other beneficial shareholder or person. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined under rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. 

[2] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 5,477,230 common shares; and indirect beneficial ownership of (i) 100,000 common shares held by M. Katuska Sandoval, spouse; and (ii) 24,749,584 common shares held by Huntington Chase Financial Group, and 16,461,909 common shares held by Withrow Sinclair Co., entities controlled by Edward W. Withrow, III. See Footnote [3] and [4]. 

[3] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 1,115,324 common shares, and 23,634,260 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. Entity controlled by Edward W. Withrow, III. 

[4] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 16,461,909 common shares. Entity controlled by Edward W. Withrow, III. 

[5] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 7,703,783 common shares; and indirect beneficial ownership of 10,000 common shares held by Arran De Moubray, spouse. 

[6] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 5,706,506 common shares. Entity controlled by Kiran Patel, Whitmill Trust Company Ltd., whose address is 17 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 1WT, UK. 

[7] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 3,851,892 common shares. 

[8] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 3,821,076 common shares. 

[9] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 5,173,355 common shares, and 15,000 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2016, and 11,478,840 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. 

[10] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 3,851,892 common shares, and 1,752,676 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. 

[11] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 2,925,384 common shares, and 15,000 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2016; and indirect beneficial ownership of 1,000 common shares held by Yvonne T. Ogden, spouse. 

[12] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 1,779,808 common shares, and 5,000 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2016; and indirect beneficial ownership of (i) 21,250 common shares held by child and (ii) 500,000 common shares held by MJ Management Services, Inc., an entity controlled by Calli R. Bucci. 

[13] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 664,063 common shares, and 8,804,160 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. 

[14] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 5,000 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2016. 

56 
 
 The following table sets forth, as of the date of filing of this Annual Report , certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock by each stockholder known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s Common Stock and by each of the Company s current directors and executive officers. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct and indirect interest in the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated . 
 
 Shareholder 
 Address 
 City, State, Zip 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership [1] 
 Percentage of Shares 
 of Common Stock [1] 
 
 Edward W. Withrow III 
 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd, Ste 1100-#1234 
 Los Angeles, CA 90034 
 75,832,273 
 [2] 
 41.30 
 
 Huntington Chase Financial Group 
 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd, Ste 1100-#1234 
 Los Angeles, CA 90034 
 53,793,134 
 [3] 
 29.30 
 
 Withrow Sinclair Co. 
 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd, Ste 1100-#1234 
 Los Angeles, CA 90034 
 16,461,909 
 [4] 
 12.05 
 
 E. William Withrow Jr. 
 133 Cumberland Way 
 Alameda, CA 94502 
 29,721,204 
 [5] 
 19.10 
 
 Kyle W. Withrow 
 2722 Mirasol Loop 
 Round Rock, TX 78681 
 15,934,695 
 [6] 
 10.93 
 
 Leafy Lane Limited 
 48 Par La Ville Road, Suite 775 
 Hamilton, Bermuda HM11 
 12,082,960 
 [7] 
 8.76 
 
 Michael Gabriele 
 4753 Rafi Road 
 Easton, PA 18045 
 10,020,442 
 [8] 
 7.26 
 
 Phyllis De Moubray 
 Chester Mountain Street 
 Chilham Kent CT48DQ UK 
 7,713,783 
 [9] 
 5.65 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers: 

Clive Oosthuizen 
 5 Omnia Avenue 
 Bellville, Cape Town, South Africa 7530 
 19,248,973 
 [10] 
 12.87 
 
 Calli R. Bucci 
 3415 S. Sepulveda Blvd, Ste 1100-#1234 
 Los Angeles, CA 90034 
 28,216,928 
 [11] 
 17.95 
 
 Yinuo Jiang 
 3559 Sawtelle Blvd., #1 
 Los Angeles, CA 90066 
 12,000,940 
 [12] 
 8.35 
 
 William B. Nesbitt 
 549 Carcaba Road 
 Saint Augustine, FL 32084 
 3,797,283 
 [13] 
 2.73 
 
 Martin Blake 
 #16 03 Adria 12 Derbyshire Road 
 Novena 309466 Singapore 
 500,000 
 [14] 
 0.37 
 
 Philip Woolas 
 16 Church Walk 
 Brentford Middlesex TW8 8DB UK 
 500,000 
 [15] 
 0.37 
 
 Directors and officers as a group (6 shareholders) 
 
 64,264,124 
 
 42.64 

[1] 
 Based upon 136,591,547 Common Stock shares issued and outstanding at February 28, 2023, and Common Stock deemed outstanding for each beneficial shareholder. The Common Stock deemed outstanding was not deemed outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other beneficial shareholder or person. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined under rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. 

[2] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 5,477,230 common shares; and indirect beneficial ownership of (i) 100,000 common shares held by M. Katuska Sandoval, spouse; and (ii) 53,793,134 common shares held by Huntington Chase Financial Group and 16,461,909 common shares held by Withrow Sinclair Co., entities controlled by Edward W. Withrow, III. See Footnote [3] and [4]. 

[3] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 6,765,708 common shares, and 47,027,426 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. Entity controlled by Edward W. Withrow, III. 

[4] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 16,461,909 common shares. Entity controlled by Edward W. Withrow, III. 

[5] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 10,669,764 common shares, and 19,056,940 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. 

[6] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 9,134,120 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt; and indirect beneficial ownership of 6,800,575 common shares held by Kasper Group Ltd., an entity controlled by Kyle W. Withrow. 

[7] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 10,717,044 common shares, and 1,365,915 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. Entity controlled by David Rocke, whose address is 36 South Road, Southampton, Bermuda SN01. 

[8] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 8,654,527 common shares, and 1,365,915 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. 

[9] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 7,703,783 common shares; and indirect beneficial ownership of 10,000 common shares held by Arran De Moubray, spouse. 

[10] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 6,328,833 common shares, and 1,250.000 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with stock options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023, and 11,670,140 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. 

[11] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 1,779,808 common shares, and 500,000 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with stock options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023. and 20,069,080 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt; and indirect beneficial ownership of (i) 21,250 common shares held by child, and (ii) 5,846,790 common shares held by MJ Management Services, Inc., an entity controlled by Calli R. Bucci. 

[12] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 4,805,000 common shares, and 7,195,940 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. 

[13] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 1,164,063 common shares, and 2,633,220 common shares deemed outstanding in connection with convertible debt. 

[14] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 500,000 common shares. 

[15] 
 Includes direct beneficial ownership of 500,000 common shares. 

Changes in Control 
 
 The Company is unaware of any contract or other arrangement or provisions of the Company s Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Company. There are not any provisions in the Company s Articles or Bylaws, the operation of which would delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of the Company. 
 Table of Contents 
 57 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Party Transactions 
 
 None of the directors or executive officers of the Company, nor any person who owned of record or was known to own beneficially more than 5 of the Company s outstanding shares of its Common Stock, nor any associate or affiliate of such persons or companies, has any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction that has occurred during the year ended December 31, 2016, or in any proposed transaction, which has materially affected or will affect the Company, with the exception of the following: 
 
 Related Parties: 
 
 Huntington Chase Financial Group and Withrow Sinclair Co. are beneficial ownership shareholders of the Company. Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, also a beneficial ownership shareholder, is control person of these entities. 
 
 MJ Management Services, Inc., a shareholder, is controlled by Ms. Calli R. Bucci, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Board member. 
 
 Mr. Paul Burke, Mr. Adrian Pegler, Mr. Lea Anderson, Mr. Glenn Hammond, and Mr. John Phibbs, all shareholders, are the noteholders of the 2,000,000 senior secured promissory note issued to PearTrack Systems Ltd. UK PTUK ), a subsidiary of PearTrack Systems Group, Inc. PTSG ), in connection with the acquisition of the PearTrack intellectual property on December 9, 2013. 
 
 The following represent additional related parties subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report : 
 
 Kasper Group, Ltd., a beneficial shareholder, is controlled by Kyle W. Withrow, former President, Chief Executive Officer and Board member (2018-2021). 
 
 Leafy Lane Limited, a beneficial shareholder, is controlled by David Rocke, a former Board member (2019-2021). 
 
 Stock Issuances: 
 
 No Common Stock was issued to any related party during the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 
 The following represent the stock issuances to related parties subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report. 
 
 On October 1, 2018, in connection with the Employment Agreement with Mr. Kyle W. Withrow to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock to Mr. Withrow at 0.001 per share, for cash in the amount of 1,000. 
 
 On August 29, 2019, in connection with the Rocke and Gabriele NC Agreement (see Agreements below), the Company issued 13,334,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock at 0.001 per share for cash in the amount of 13,334, plus 210,000 shares under the non-dilution provision at 0.001 per share for cash in the amount of 210. Of these shares, 6,772,000 shares were issued to Mr. David Rocke, and 6,772,000 shares were issued to Mr. Michael Gabriele. 
 
 On September 20, 2019, in connection with the exercise of certain stock options, the Company issued 4,010,470 shares of its restricted Common Stock to Mr. David Rocke and Mr. Michael Gabriele at an exercise price of 0.005, for cash in the amount of 20,052. Of these shares, 2,864,620 shares were issued to Mr. David Rocke, and 1,145,850 shares were issued to Mr. Michael Gabriele. 
 
 On October 1, 2019, in connection with the Yinuo Jiang Consulting Agreement (see Agreements below), the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock to Ms. Jiang at 0.001 per share, for cash in the amount of 1,000. 
 
 On October 6, 2019, pursuant to a resolution of the board of directors, the Company issued an aggregate of 6,000,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock to seven (7) of its officers and directors, at 0.001 per share, for cash in the amount of 6,000. Of these shares, 1,500,000 shares were issued to Mr. Kyle W. Withrow, 1,000,000 shares each were issued to Mr. E. William Withrow, Jr., Ms. Calli Bucci, and Mr. John Ogden, and 500,000 shares each were issued to Mr. William B. Nesbitt, Dr. Martin Blake and Mr. Philip Woolas. 
 
 On October 10, 2019, in connection with the Oosthuizen NC Agreement, the Company issued 4,000,000 shares of its restricted Common Stock to Mr. Oosthuizen at 0.001 per share for cash in the amount of 4,000. 
 
 On December 20, 2019, in connection with the exercise of certain stock options, the Company issued 802,094 shares of its restricted Common Stock to related parties at an exercise price of 0.005 for cash in the amount of 4,010. Of these shares, 572,924 shares were issued to Mr. David Rocke and 229,170 shares were issued to Mr. Michael Gabriele. 
 58 
 
 On August 31, 2021, in connection with the conversion of related party debt in the amount of 1,238,251, the Company issued an aggregate of 23,066,991 shares of restricted Common Stock to six (6) related parties, including three (3) officers, of which 941,096 was at a conversion price of 0.05 per share, and 297,155 was at a conversion price of 0.07 per share. Of these shares, 4,495,909 shares were issued to Mr. E. William Withrow Jr., 4,245,075 shares were issued to Mr. Kyle, W. Withrow, 4.346,790 shares were issued to Ms. Calli Bucci, 2,000,000 shares were issued to Ms. Yinuo Jiang, 5,650,384 shares were issued to Huntington Chase LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, and 2,328,833 shares were issued to Mr. Clive Oosthuizen. 
 
 Agreements 
 
 On December 4, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. E. William Withrow Jr., for his services as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Agreement ). The Agreement is for a period of two (2) years, extending annually thereafter, and provides for compensation of 175,000 per year, as well as customary employee benefits and a bonus plan contingent upon the Company s performance. In addition, the Agreement includes a grant to purchase 1,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 250,000, for 0.001 per share. On September 19, 2018, Mr. Withrow Jr. resigned, and the agreement was terminated. 
 
 On December 4, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into a consulting agreement with Huntington Chase Financial Group, for the services of Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, former Executive Chairman (2009-2015). The consulting agreement provides for compensation in the amount of 240,000 per annum for an initial term of four (4) years, and was renewed for an additional year, expiring October 31, 2018. 
 
 On December 9, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. John D. Macey, a Board member, for his services in the area of technology, sales and marketing. The consulting agreement, commencing January 1, 2014, provides for compensation in the amount of 60,000 per year for a period of two (2) years, until December 4, 2016. On December 1, 2014, the consulting agreement was superseded by an employment agreement with Mr. Macey to serve as Chief Technology Officer. The employment agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, provides for compensation of 198,000 per year for a period of two (2), as well as customary employee benefits and a bonus plan contingent upon the Company s performance. The agreement expired November 30, 2016, and was not renewed. 
 
 On December 1, 2014, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with MJ Management Services, Inc., for the services of Ms. Calli R. Bucci to serve as Chief Financial Officer. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides for compensation of 120,000 per year, as well as expense reimbursements, and an initial stock award of 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 149,500, at a price of 0.001 per share. The agreement was renewed for an additional year, expiring October 31, 2018. 
 
 The following represent the agreements entered into with related parties subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report : 
 
 On October 1, 2018, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Kyle W. Withrow to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 150,000 per year, as well as customary bonuses and employee benefits. In addition, the agreement includes a grant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 10,000, for 0.001 per share. On April 6, 2021, Mr. Withrow resigned, and the agreement was terminated. 
 
 On November 1, 2018, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with MJ Management Services, Inc., for the services of Ms. Calli R. Bucci to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 150,000 per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. In addition, the agreement includes a grant of 500,000 options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.10 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five (5) years, vest quarterly over a period of twenty-four (24) months, and were valued at 0 using the Black-Scholes method. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.75 years, expected volatility 35.59 , risk free interest rate 2.96 , and dividend yield 0 . 
 
 On November 1, 2018, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with Huntington Chase LLC for the services of Mr. Edward W. Withrow III. The agreement replaces any other written agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries, is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 240,000 per year. 
 
 On May 1, 2019, the Company entered into Consulting Agreement with Mr. David Rocke. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 150,000 per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals, as well as 12.5 of Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. adjusted gross earnings, as defined within the agreement. In addition, the agreement includes a grant of 6,875,093 options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 39,875 using the Black-Scholes method, at an exercise price of 0.005 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five (5) years, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.00 years, expected volatility 38.58 , risk free interest rate 2.15 , and dividend yield 0 . On April 12, 2021, Mr. Rocke resigned, and the agreement was terminated. 
 Table of Contents 
 59 
 
 On May 1, 2019, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., entered into Consulting Agreement with Mr. Michael Gabriele, to serve as its President, and the President of its subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 175,000 per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals, as well as 12.5 of Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. adjusted gross earnings, as defined within the agreement. In addition, the agreement includes a grant of 2,750,040 options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 15,950 using the Black-Scholes method, at an exercise price of 0.005 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five (5) years, of which 50 vest when certain performance goals are met, and the remainder vest when certain funding goals are met. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 4.00 years, expected volatility 38.58 , risk free interest rate 2.15 , and dividend yield 0 . On April 12, 2021, Mr. Gabriele resigned, and the agreement was terminated. 
 
 On August 29, 2019, the Company entered into a Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement NC Agreement with Mr. David Rocke. The agreement is for an initial term of five (5) years, and provides as compensation a grant to purchase 6,667,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 66,670, for 0.001 per share, plus the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock equal to seven percent (7 of any issuance of Common Stock through May 15, 2019, originating from any financial instrument issued by the Company or its subsidiaries, in exchange for certain restrictions placed upon Mr. Rocke s business activities. 
 
 On August 29, 2019, the Company entered into a Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement NC Agreement with Mr. Michael Gabriele, the President of the Company s subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc. The agreement is for an initial term of five (5) years, and provides as compensation a grant to purchase 6,667,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 66,670, for 0.001 per share, plus the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock equal to seven percent (7 of any issuance of Common Stock through May 15, 2019, originating from any financial instrument issued by the Company or its subsidiaries, in exchange for certain restrictions placed upon Mr. Gabriele s business activities. 
 
 On September 1, 2019, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., entered into Consulting Agreement with Mr. Clive Oosthuizen to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 180,000 year one, 210,000 year two, and 240,000 year three, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. In addition, the agreement includes a 25,000 signing bonus, and a grant of 1,250,000 options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, valued at 625 using the Black-Scholes method, at an exercise price of 0.05 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of five (5) years, and vest periodically over a period of thirty-six (36) months. The assumptions used in valuing the options were: expected term 5.75 years, expected volatility 41.3 , risk free interest rate 1.84 , and dividend yield 0 . 
 
 On October 1, 2019, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with Ms. Yinuo Jiang to serve as the Company s Corporate Secretary effective October 8, 2019, among other duties. The agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years, and provides a base compensation of 100,000 per year, to be deferred until the Company reaches certain funding goals. In addition, the agreement includes a grant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 10,000, for 0.001 per share. 
 
 On October 10, 2019, the Company entered into a Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement NC Agreement with Mr. Clive Oosthuizen. The agreement is for an initial term of five (5) years, and provides as compensation a grant to purchase 4,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock, valued at 360,000, for 0.001 per share, plus the issuance of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock equal to four and one-half percent (4.5 of any issuance of Common Stock originating from any financial instrument issued by the Company or its subsidiaries during the term, in exchange for certain restrictions placed upon Mr. Oosthuizen s business activities. 
 
 Related Party Payable: 
 
 Promissory Notes and Accrued Interest : 
 
 On December 31, 2010, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Huntington Chase Financial Group, an entity controlled by Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a related party, in the principal sum of 3,000. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2016, to adjust the principal balance to 260,000. The note bears interest at a rate of seven percent (7 per annum, is due within one (1) year of written demand, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.05 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 11,230 in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2016, 42,792 in interest has been accrued. and no demand for repayment has been made. During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, 72,546 in interest was expensed, and cash repayments totaling 260,000 in principal and 115,338 in interest were made. As of December 31, 2022, the note and accrued interest has been paid in full. 
 
 On December 31, 2011, the Company issued a senior convertible promissory note to Mr. William B. Nesbitt, a related party, for unpaid compensation in the modified principal sum of 86,317. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is payable when the Company reaches certain funding goals, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.05 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 4,328 in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2016, 20,016 in interest has been accrued. During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, 25,828 in interest was expensed, and cash payments to the holder totaling 500 in principal were made. As of December 31, 2022, 85,817 in principal and 45,844 in accrued interest remained. The requisite funding goals for repayment have not been met. 
 60 
 
 On December 9, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PTSG, issued a Zero Coupon Senior Secured Promissory Note (the PTSG Note to seven (7) shareholders (the Note Holders ), of which two (2) shareholders are also directors of the Company, in the aggregate sum of 2,000,000. The PTSG Note holds senior position above all other debt, bears no interest, is due within five (5) years, or by December 9, 2018, and is secured by an Intellectual Property Pledge and Security Agreement (the Security Agreement ), which pledges the licensed intellectual property (the PTSG IP ), the rights of which shall revert to the Note Holders in the event of the Company s default. The non-interest bearing note was recorded at its present value on the date of issuance, using an imputed interest rate of 5 . The difference between the face value and its present value was recorded as a discount of 432,940, to be amortized over the term of the note. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 86,742 in discount amortization was expensed. As of December 31, 2016, 167,974 in unamortized discount remained. On December 31, 2018, in connection with the Company s inability to successfully commercialize the PearTrack IP, all rights, title and interest in the PearTrack IP reverted to the Note Holders and, pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, the PTSG Note is canceled. In addition, all rights to future royalties collectible under any sub-license previously issued by the Company for the PearTrack IP reverts to the Note Holders. As a result, in 2018, the Company has recognized a gain on the extinguishment of debt of 2,000,000. 
 
 On December 31, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Ecologic Products, Inc., issued a modification to consolidate all promissory notes payable to Huntington Chase Ltd., an entity controlled by Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a related party, in the aggregate principal sum of 153,913, for cash loans made to the Company between 2009 and 2013, and to assign the note in its entirety, including accrued interest of 27,368, to Huntington Chase Financial Group, an entity also controlled by Mr. Withrow III. The note bears interest at a rate of seven percent (7 per annum, is due within one (1) year of written demand, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.07 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 10,803 in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2016, 59,720 in interest has been accrued, and no demand for repayment has been made. During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, 64,672 in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2022, 153,913 in principal and 124,392 in accrued interest remained. 
 
 On January 5, 2014, Mr. Adrian Pegler, a related party, was assigned 100,000 of the convertible promissory note issued by the Company to HCFG on December 31, 2010. The note bore interest at a rate of 7 per annum, was due within one (1) year of written demand, and was convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.07 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 5,014 in interest was expensed. As a result of the holder s default, the principal sum of 100,000 and interest accrued through December 31, 2016, in the amount of 14,946 reverted back to the assignor, HCFG. 
 
 On December 31, 2014, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 189,583 for unpaid compensation owed to Mr. E.William Withrow Jr., a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2016, to adjust the principal balance to 539,580. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is due December 31, 2021, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a modified conversion price of 0.05 per share. A portion of the principal in the amount of 43,749, if converted at the conversion price of 0.25, would result in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price has been recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of 8,750, which has been fully amortized at December 31, 2016. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 21,581 in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2016, 34,362 in interest has been accrued. During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, 250,025 in interest was expensed, and cash payments to the holder totaling 1,000 in principal were made. On August 31, 2021, 224,795 in accrued interest was converted into 4,346,790 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, 893,256 in principal and 59,592 in accrued interest remained. 
 
 On December 31, 2014, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 260,000 for unpaid compensation owed to Huntington Chase Financial Group, an entity controlled by Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2016, to adjust the principal balance to 683,000. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is due December 31, 2021, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a modified conversion price of 0.05 per share. A portion of the principal in the amount of 60,000, if converted at the conversion price of 0.25, would result in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of 12,000, which has been fully amortized at December 31, 2016. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 26,740 in interest, was expensed. As of December 31, 2016, 43,326 in interest has been accrued. During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, 314,111 in interest was expensed, and additional modifications to the note were made to increase the principal balance to 1,123,000. On August 31, 2021, 282,519 in accrued interest was converted into 5,650,384 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, 1,123,000 in principal and 74,918 in accrued interest remained. 
 
 On December 31, 2015, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 214,500 for unpaid compensation owed to Mr. John Macey, a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2016, to adjust the principal balance to 426,424. The note bears interest at a rate of 4 per annum, is due December 31, 2023, and is convertible into the Company's Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.25 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2016, 11,705 in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2016, 11,705 in interest has been accrued. During the years ended December 31, 2017, through October 4, 2019, 51,175 in interest was expensed. On October 4, 2019, Mr. Macey was not reelected to the Board, and the note and 62,880 in accrued interest was reclassified to non-related party debt. 
 Table of Contents 
 61 
 
 The following represent the promissory notes issued to related parties subsequent to December 31, 2016, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report: 
 
 On December 31, 2018, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 40,000 for unpaid compensation owing in connection with a consulting agreement with Huntington Chase LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2022, to adjust the principal balance to 1,000,000. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is due December 31, 2023, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.05 per share. A portion of the principal in the amount of 180,000, if converted at the applicable conversion price of 0.05, would result in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of 120,000, to be expensed over the term of the note. During the years ended December 31, 2019, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, 120,000 in discount amortization and 95,311 in interest was expensed, and 138,475 in principal and 2,172 in interest payments were made to the holder. As of December 31, 2022, no unamortized discount remained, and 93,139 in interest has been accrued. 
 
 On July 10, 2019, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Security, Inc., issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 50,000 for cash loans made by Mr. David Rocke and Mr. Michael Gabriele, related parties. The note bore interest at a rate of 12 per annum, and was paid in full on December 31, 2019. During the year ended December 31, 2019, 5,642 in interest was expensed. 
 
 On September 1, 2019, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 25,000 for unpaid compensation owed to Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, a related party. The non-interest bearing note was recorded at its present value on the date of issuance, using an imputed interest rate of 5 . The difference between the face value and its present value was recorded as a discount of 1,190, to be amortized over the term of the note. During the years ended December 31, 2019, through December 31, 2022, 1,190 in discount amortization was expensed, and cash repayments were made in the amount of 12,500. As of December 31, 2022, no unamortized discount remained. 
 
 On December 31, 2019, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 60,000 for unpaid compensation owed to Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2022, to adjust the principal balance to 564,230. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is due when the Company reaches certain funding goals, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.05 per share. A portion of the principal in the amount of 150,000, if converted at the conversion price of 0.05, would result in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of 99,000. During the years ended December 31, 2020, through December 31, 2022, 99,000 in discount amortization and 45,718 in interest was expensed. On August 31, 2021, 100,000 in principal and 16,442 in accrued interest was converted into 2,328,833 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, no unamortized discount remained, and 29,276 in interest has been accrued. 
 
 On December 31, 2019, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000 for unpaid compensation owed to Mr. David Rocke, a related party. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is due when the Company reaches certain funding goals, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the average trading price of the Company s Common Stock twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding conversion date, not to exceed 1 of the Company s issued and outstanding stock. The conversion price on the issuance date resulted in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of 29,032. During the years ended December 31, 2020, through December 31, 2022, 29,032 in discount amortization and 15,014 in interest was expensed. As of December 31, 2022, no unamortized discount remained, and 15,014 in interest has been accrued. The requisite funding goals for repayment have not been met. 
 
 On December 31, 2019, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc., issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 116,666 for unpaid compensation owed to Mr. Michael Gabriele, a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2021, to adjust the principal balance to 354,629. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is due when the Company reaches certain funding goals, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the average trading price of the Company s Common Stock twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding conversion date, not to exceed 1 of the Company s issued and outstanding stock. A portion of the principal in the amount of 125,784, if converted at the conversion price on the issuance date, resulted in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of 38,479. During the years ended December 31, 2020, through December 31, 2022, 38,479 in discount amortization and 40,887 in interest was expensed, and 30,000 in principal repayments were made. As of December 31, 2022, no unamortized discount remained, and 40,887 in interest has been accrued. The requisite funding goals for repayment have not been met. 
 
 On December 31, 2019, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 199,425 for unpaid compensation owed to Mr. Kyle W. Withrow, a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through June 30, 2021, to adjust the principal balance to 403,816. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is due December 31, 2024, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.05 per share. A portion of the principal in the amount of 280,195, if converted at the conversion price of 0.05, would result in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of 176,194. During the years ended December 31, 2020, through December 31, 2022, 103,749 in discount amortization, and 52,890 in interest, was expensed. As of December 31, 2022, 72,445 in unamortized discount remained, and 52,890 in interest has been accrued. 
 62 
 
 On December 31, 2019, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 700,170 for unpaid compensation owed to MJ Management Services, Inc., a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2022, to adjust the principal balance to 945,170. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is due December 31, 2024, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.05 per share. A portion of the principal in the amount of 775,170, if converted at the conversion price of 0.05, would result in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of 472,602. During the years ended December 31, 2020, through December 31, 2022, 281,787 in discount amortization and 125,624 in interest was expensed, and 55,000 in principal repayments were made. On August 31, 2021, 150,000 in principal and 67,340 in accrued interest was converted into 4,346,790 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, 190,815 in unamortized discount remained, and 58,284 in interest has been accrued. 
 
 On December 31, 2019, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 134,995 for unpaid compensation owed to Ms. Yinuo Jiang, a related party. Modifications to the note have been made through December 31, 2022, to adjust the principal balance to 432,995. The note bears interest at a rate of five percent (5 per annum, is due December 31, 2024, and is convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.05 per share. A portion of the principal in the amount of 184,995, if converted at the conversion price of 0.05, would result in a beneficial conversion feature. As a result, the difference between the conversion price and the market price was recorded as a discount on the note in the amount of 115,997. During the years ended December 31, 2020, through December 31, 2022, 68,379 in discount amortization and 34,802 in interest was expensed, and 8,000 in principal repayments were made. On August 31, 2021, 82,786 in principal and 17,198 in accrued interest was converted into 2,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, 47,618 in unamortized discount remained, and 17,604 in interest has been accrued. 
 
 All outstanding related party promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 5 to 7 percent per annum, are due and payable between one (1) year of written demand and December 31, 2024, or upon certain equity funding, and are convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a price of between 0.05 to 0.25 per share, or the 20-day average trading price. 
 
 Accrued Compensation and Benefits: 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, 777,250 in related party compensation was accrued, of which 626,965 was converted to convertible promissory notes, for a net increase in accrued compensation in the amount of 150,285. As of December 31, 2016, accrued compensation not converted to promissory notes is owed to Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. in the amount of 30,285; Ms. Calli R. Bucci in the amount of 271,550; and Mr. John Macey in the amount of 55,000; for a total accrued compensation owed in the amount of 356,835, as follows: 
 
 Related Party 

For the year ended December 31, 2016 

Balance 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Conversion to 
 
 Balance 

December 31, 2015 
 
 Accrued 
 
 Paid 
 
 Promissory Note 
 
 December 31, 2016 

E. William Withrow Jr. 

205,286 

(175,001) 
 
 30,285 

Calli R. Bucci 

151,550 

120,000 

271,550 

John Macey 

55,000 

211,964 

(211,964) 
 
 55,000 

Huntington Chase, LLC 

240,000 

(240,000) 

Total 

206,550 

777,250 

(626,965) 
 
 356,835 

During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, 5,043,881 in related party compensation was accrued, of which 4,804,521 was converted to convertible promissory notes, 62,472 was paid (not inclusive of payments made against promissory notes, referenced below table), and 55,000 was reclassified to non-related party accrued compensation, for a net increase in accrued compensation in the amount of 121,888. As of December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, accrued compensation not converted to promissory notes is owed to Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. in the amount of 54,000; Mr. David Rocke in the amount of 100,064; Mr. Michael Gabriele in the amount of 41,409; Mr. William B. Nesbit in the amount of 78,000; Mr. John L. Ogden in the amount of 50.250; Mr. Martin Blake in the amount of 77,500; and Mr. Philip Woolas in the amount of 77,500; for a total accrued compensation owed in the amount of 478,723, as follows: 
 
 Related Party 

January 1, 2017, through December 31, 2022 

Balance 
 
 Compensation 
 Accrued 
 
 Compensation 
 Paid 

Conversion to 
 Promissory Note 

To Non-Related Party 
 Accrued Payroll 
 
 Balance 

December 31, 2016 

December 31, 2022 

E. William Withrow Jr. 

30,285 

378,391 

[2] 
 
 (354,676) 
 [2] 

54,000 
 [1] 
 
 Calli R. Bucci 

271,550 

879,620 

(1,000) 
 [3] 
 
 (1,150,170) 
 [3] 

John Macey 

55,000 

(55,000) 

Huntington Chase, LLC 

1,440,000 

[4] 
 
 (1,440,000) 
 [4] 

Kyle W. Withrow 

406,316 

(2,500) 

(403,816) 

Clive Oosthuizen 

679,230 

[5] 
 
 (679,230) 
 [5] 

David Rocke 

227,050 
 [6] 
 
 (26,986) 
 [6] 
 
 (100,000) 

100,064 
 [5] 
 
 Michael Gabriele 

423,024 
 [6] 
 
 (26,986) 
 [6] 
 
 (354,629) 
 [7] 

41,409 
 [5] 
 
 Yinuo Jiang 

325,000 

(3,000) 
 [9] 
 
 (322,000) 

William B. Nesbitt 

78,000 

[8] 

78,000 
 [1] 
 
 John L. Ogden 

51,250 

(1,000) 

50,250 
 [1] 
 
 Martin Blake 

78,000 

(500) 

77,500 
 [1] 
 
 Philip Woolas 

78,000 

(500) 

77,500 
 [1] 
 
 Total 

356,835 

5,043,881 

(62,472) 

(4,804,521) 

(55,000) 
 
 478,723 

[1] 
 Director Compensation 
 
 [2] 
 Does not reflect payment applied as a reduction to promissory note in the amount of 1,000. 
 
 [3] 
 Does not reflect payment applied as a reduction to promissory note in the amount of 55,000. 
 
 [4] 
 Does not reflect payments applied as reduction to promissory note totaling 260,000, or payments applied as reduction to accrued interest on promissory note totaling 117,510. 
 
 [5] 
 Does not reflect payment applied as a reduction to promissory note in the amount of 12,500. 
 
 [6] 
 Includes profit participation in the amount of 68,395, and payment of profit participation of 26,986. 
 
 [7] 
 Does not reflect payments applied as reduction to promissory note totaling 30,000. 
 
 [8] 
 Does not reflect payment applied as a reduction to promissory note in the amount of 500. 
 
 [9] 
 Does not reflect payment applied as a reduction to promissory note in the amount of 8,000. 

Table of Contents 
 63 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, operating expenses paid by officers/directors and beneficial shareholders for the Company increased by 4,889; cash loans made by officers/directors and beneficial shareholders to the Company increased by 87,700; and repayments were made in the amount of 5,561; for a net increase in reimbursable expenses/cash advances in the amount of 87,028. As of December 31, 2016, reimbursable expenses/cash advances are owed to Mr. E. William Withrow Jr.in the amount of 19,730; Ms. Calli R. Bucci in the amount of 105,950; Mr. John Macey in the amount of 5,022; Mr. William B. Nesbitt in the amount of 8,215; and Huntington Chase LLC, whose principal, Mr. Edward W. Withrow III, is a beneficial shareholder, in the amount of 4,188; for a total reimbursable expenses/cash advances owed to related parties in the amount of 143,105, as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2016 

Balance 
 
 Expenses paid by 
 
 Cash 
 
 Repayments to 
 
 Balance 

December 31, 2015 
 
 Related Party 
 
 Loans to Company 
 
 Related Party 
 
 December 31, 2016 

E. William Withrow Jr. 

19,730 

19,730 

Calli R. Bucci 

15,000 

3,250 

87,700 

105,950 

John Macey 

5,193 

(171) 
 
 5,022 

William B. Nesbitt 

8,215 

8,215 

Huntington Chase, LLC 

7,544 

1,639 

(4,995) 
 
 4,188 

Paul Buke 

170 

(170) 

Adrian Pegler 

168 

(168) 

Lea Anderson 

28 

(28) 

Glen Hammond 

28 

(28) 

John Phibbs 

1 

(1) 

Total 

56,077 

4,889 

87,700 

(5,561) 
 
 143,105 

During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report, operating expenses paid by officers/directors and beneficial shareholders for the Company increased by 8,052; cash loans made by officers/directors and beneficial shareholders to the Company increased by 7,600; and cash repayments were made in the amount of 121,783; for a net decrease in reimbursable expenses/cash advances of 106,131. As of December 31, 2022, reimbursable expenses/cash advances are owed to Mr. E. William Withrow Jr. in the amount of 19,730; Ms. Calli R. Bucci in the amount of 9,029; and Mr. William B. Nesbitt in the amount of 8,215; for a total reimbursable expenses/cash advances owed in the amount of 36,974, as follows: 

January 1, 2017, through December 31, 2022 

Balance 
 
 Expenses paid by 
 
 Cash Loans 
 
 Repayments to 
 
 To Non-Related 
 
 Balance 

December 31, 2016 
 
 Related Party 
 
 to Company 
 
 Related Party 
 
 Party Payable 
 
 December 31, 2022 

E. William Withrow Jr. 

19,730 

19,730 

Calli R. Bucci 

105,950 

11,258 

7,500 

(115,679) 

9,029 

John Macey 

5,022 

(5,022) 

William B. Nesbitt 

8,215 

8,215 

Huntington Chase, LLC 

4,188 

1,816 

100 

(6,104) 

Total 

143,105 

13,074 

7,600 

(121,783) 
 
 (5,022) 
 
 36,974 

Summary 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, affiliates and related parties were due a total of 4,481,240, which is comprised of promissory notes to related, parties net of unamortized discounts of 167,974, in the amount of 3,981,300, accrued compensation in the amount of 356,835, and reimbursed expenses/cash advances to the Company in the amount of 143,105, for a net increase of 964,853. During the year ended December 31, 2016, promissory notes to related parties increased by 626,965, unamortized discounts decreased by 100,575, accrued compensation increased by 150,285, and reimbursable expenses/cash advances increased by 87,028. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, promissory notes to related parties, net of unamortized discounts, increased by 727,540 as a result of an increase in accrued compensation owed to related parties in the amount of 626,965 converted to convertible promissory notes; and a decrease in unamortized discount in the amount of 100,575. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, 777,250 in accrued compensation was accrued, of which 626,965 was converted into convertible promissory notes, for a net increase in accrued compensation in the amount of 150,285. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, reimbursable expenses/cash advances owed to related parties increased by 87,028 as a result of an increase in cash loans to the Company in the amount of 87,700; expenses paid by related parties on behalf the Company in the amount of 4,889; and repayments to related parties in the amount of 5,784. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, 91,401 in interest on related party loans was expensed. As of December 31, 2016, 211,921 in accrued interest on related party loans has been accrued. 
 64 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, and as of December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year end immediately preceding the filing of this Annual Report: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, affiliates and related parties are due a total of 6,004,868, which is comprised of promissory notes to related parties, net of unamortized discounts of 310,878, in the amount of 5,489,171, accrued compensation in the amount of 478,723, and reimbursed expenses/cash advances to the Company in the amount of 36,974. During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, promissory notes to related parties, net of unamortized discounts, increased by 1,507,871, accrued compensation increased by 121,888, and reimbursable expenses/cash advances decreased by 106,131, for a net increase of 1,523,628. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, promissory notes to related parties, net of unamortized discounts, increased by 1,507,871 as a result of 299,750 reclassified from non-related party transactions; 426,464 reclassified to non-related party transactions; 4,804,521 converted from accrued compensation; an increase in discounts resulting from beneficial conversion features of 1,052,494; a decrease in long-term secured promissory notes in the amount of 2,000,000 resulting from the cancellation of debt; a decrease in unamortized discount of 909,590; payments to the Company in the amount of 5,500 for stock award payments; 521,557 converted to Common Stock; and payments to related parties in the amount of 499,975. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, 5,043,881 in related party compensation was accrued, of which 4,804,521 was converted into convertible promissory notes; 55,000 was reclassified to non-related party transactions; payments to the Company were made in the amount of 6,500 for related party stock awards; and payments to related parties were made in the amount of 55,972; for a net increase in related party accrued compensation in the amount of 121,888. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, reimbursable expenses/cash advances owed to related parties decreased by 106,131 as a result of an increase in cash loans to the Company in the amount of 7,600; expenses paid by related parties on behalf the Company in the amount of 13,074; repayments to related parties in the amount of 121,783; and 5,022 reclassified to non-related party transactions. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2017, through December 31, 2022, 1,233,919 in interest on related party loans was expensed; 123,152 in interest payments were made to related parties; 716,694 was converted to Common Stock; and 5,846 in accrued interest was reclassified to non-related party accrued interest; for a net increase in accrued interest on related party loans in the amount of 399,919. As of December 31, 2022, 611,840 in accrued interest on related party loans has been accrued. 
 
 All outstanding related party promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 5 to 7 percent per annum, are due and payable between one (1) year of written demand and December 31, 2023, or upon certain equity funding, and are convertible into the Company s Common Stock at a price of between 0.05 to 0.25 per share, or the 20-day average trading price. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 For purposes of determining director independence, the Company have applied the definitions set out in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). The OTC Pink on which shares of Common Stock are quoted does not have any director independence requirements. The NASDAQ definition of Independent Officer means a person other than an Executive Officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company's board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 
 
 As of December 31, 2016, the Company acted with seven directors, consisting of Mr. John L. Ogden, Mr. E. William Withrow, Jr., Mr. William B. Nesbitt, Dr. Martin A. Blake, Mr. Philip J. Woolas, Mr. John D. Macey, and Mr. David M. Engert. The Company determined that Mr. John L. Ogden, Mr. William B. Nesbitt, Dr. Martin A. Blake, Mr. Philip J. Woolas and Mr. David M. Engert were independent director(s) as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). 
 
 As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, the Company acts with five directors, consisting of Mr. Clive Oosthuizen, Mr. William B. Nesbitt, Dr. Martin A. Blake, Mr. Philip J. Woolas and Ms. Calli R. Bucci. The Company has determined that Mr. William B. Nesbitt, Mr. Philip J. Woolas and Dr. Martin A. Blake are independent director(s) as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANTS FEES AND SERVICES 

The aggregate fees billed or to be billed for the most recently completed fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

December 31, 2016 
 
 December 31, 2015 
 
 Audit Fees 
 
 32,000 

24,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 
 32,000 

24,500 

The Company s Board pre-approves all services provided by the Company s independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the Board either before or after the respective services were rendered. 
 
 The Company s Board has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by the Company s independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining the Company s independent auditors independence. 
 Table of Contents 
 65 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-B 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 Filing Reference 
 
 (2) 
 Plan of Purchase, Sale, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between the Company, PearTrack Systems Group Limited and PearTrack Acquisition Corp. effective October 17, 2014 
 Filed with the SEC on October 23, 2014 , as part of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 (3) 
 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 Filed with the SEC on November 30, 2006 , as part of the Company s registration statement on form SB-2 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws 
 Filed with the SEC on November 30, 2006 , as part of the Company s registration statement on form SB-2 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on April 2, 2008 
 Filed with the SEC on April 21, 2008 , as part of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 3.4 
 Articles of Merger 
 Filed with the SEC on June 26, 2008 , as part of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on August 29, 2008, with respect to reverse stock split 
 Filed with the SEC on September 17, 2008 , as part of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 3.6 
 Articles of Merger 
 Filed with the SEC on June 11, 2009 , as part of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 3.7 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on May 15, 2009, with respect to reverse stock split 
 Filed with the SEC on June 11, 2009 , as part of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 3.8 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on June 2, 2009, with respect to the merger between Ecological Acquisition Corp. and Ecologic Sciences, Inc. 
 Filed with the SEC on July 9, 2009 , as part of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 3.9 
 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on September 29, 2014, effective October 17, 2014 
 Filed with the SEC on October 2, 2014 , as part of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 3.1 0 
 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 8, 2019 , effective October 9 , 201 9 
 Filed with the SEC on October 9, 2019 , as part of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 3.11 
 Amend ed and restated Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 8, 2019 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 3.12 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc. filed August 30, 2019 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 (10) 
 Material Contracts 

10.1 
 License Agreement between PearTrack Systems Group Ltd. and AudioEye, Inc. dated June 30, 2014 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10. 2 
 Assignment and Licensed Rights Agreement with PearLoxx Limited dated December 19, 2014 
 Filed with the SEC on January 26, 2015 , as part of the Company s Current Report on form 8-K 
 
 10. 3 
 Amendment to the Assignment and Licensed Rights Agreement with and PearLoxx Limited dated March 9, 2015 
 Filed with the SEC on May 20, 2015 , as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.4 
 2018 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 1, 2018 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 10.5 
 Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement with Safer, Inc. dated October 11, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019, as part of the Company s Current Report on form 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 Revenue Sharing Agreement with Safer, Inc. dated October 11, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019 , as part of the Company s Current Report on form 8-K 
 
 10.7 
 Royalty Agreement with Safer, Inc. dated October 11, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019 , as part of the Company s Current Report on form 8-K 
 
 10. 8 
 Employment Agreement with Kyle W. Withrow dated October 1, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10. 9 
 Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement with Intellectual Property Network, Inc. dated October 11, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10. 1 0 
 Revenue Sharing Agreement with Intellectual Property Network, Inc. dated October 11, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.1 1 
 Royalty Agreement with Intellectual Property Network, Inc. dated October 11, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.1 2 
 Consulting Agreement with MJ Management Services, Inc. dated November 1, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.1 3 
 Consulting Agreement with Huntington Chase Ltd. dated November 1, 2018 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.1 4 
 Consulting Agreement with David Rocke dated May 1, 2019 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.1 5 
 Consulting Agreement with Michael Gabriele dated May 1, 2019 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.1 6 
 Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement with David Rocke dated August 28, 2019 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.1 7 
 Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement with Michael Gabriele dated August 28, 2019 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.1 8 
 Consulting Agreement with Clive Oosthuizen dated September 1, 2019 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.19 
 2019 Stock Incentive Plan effective September 20, 2019 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 10. 20 
 Consulting Agreement with Y inuo Jiang dated October 1, 2019 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10. 2 1 
 Non-Compete, Non-Dilution and Registration Rights Agreement with Michael Gabriele dated August 28, 2019 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.2 2 
 Joint Venture Agreement with Prime Africa dated October 3, 2020 
 Filed with the SEC on June 6, 2023, as part of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 
 10.23 
 2021 Stock Incentive Plan effective January 15, 2021 
 Filed herewith . 
 
 (21) 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

21.1 
 Enigma-Bulwark Risk Management, Inc. 
 PearTrack Systems Group, Ltd. 
 Ecologic Car Rentals, Inc. 
 Ecologic Products, Inc. 

(23) 
 Auditor Consents 

23.1 
 Consent of Assurance Dimensions, Certified Public Accountants Associates 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 23.2 
 Consent of Dave Banerjee, CPA, An Accountancy Corporation 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 (31) 
 Section 302 Certifications 

31.1 
 Section 302 Certification of Clive Oosthuizen 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 31.2 
 Section 302 Certification of Calli R. Bucci 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 (32) 
 Section 906 Certifications 

32.1 
 Section 906 Certification of Clive Oosthuizen 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 32.2 
 Section 906 Certification of Calli R. Bucci 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 (101) 
 Interactive Data Files 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 
 66 
 
 SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 

Dated: June 6, 2023 
 /s/ Clive Oosthuizen 

Clive Oosthuizen 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: June 6, 2023 
 /s/ Calli R. Bucci 

Calli R. Bucci 

Chief Financial Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 

Dated: June 6, 2023 
 /s/ Clive Oosthuizen 

Clive Oosthuizen 

Director 

Dated: June 6, 2023 
 /s/ Calli R. Bucci 

Calli R. Bucci 

Director 

Dated: June 6, 2023 
 /s/ William B. Nesbitt 

William B. Nesbitt 

Director 

Dated: June 6, 2023 
 /s/ Dr. Martin A. Blake 

Dr. Martin A. Blake 

Director 

Dated: June 6, 2023 
 /s/ Philip J. Woolas 

Philip J. Woolas 

Director 

67 

<EX-10>
 2
 ex10042018stockincentiveplan.htm
 EX 10.4 2018 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

Ex 10.4 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 

PEARTRACK SECURITY SYSTEMS, INC. 
 
 2018 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 PEARTRACK SECURITY SYSTEMS, INC. 2018 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 1. PURPOSE 
 The PearTrack Security Systems, Inc., 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan is intended to promote the best interests of the Corporation, and its stockholders by (i) assisting the Corporation and its Affiliates in the recruitment and retention of persons with ability and initiative, (ii) providing an incentive to such persons to contribute to the growth and success of the Corporation s businesses by affording such persons equity participation in the Corporation and (iii) associating the interests of such persons with those of the Corporation and its affiliates and stockholders. 
 2. DEFINITIONS 
 As used in this Plan the following definitions shall apply: 
 A. Administrator means the Board or any party to which the Board has delegated any responsibility for the administration of the Plan pursuant to Section 3.A hereof. 
 B. Affiliate means (i) any Subsidiary, (ii) any Parent, (iii) any entity (including, without limitation, a partnership or limited liability company) which is directly or indirectly controlled fifty percent (50 or more (whether by ownership of stock, assets or an equivalent ownership interest or voting interest) by the Corporation or one of its Affiliates, (iv) any other entity in which the Corporation or any of its Affiliates has a material equity interest and which is designated as an Affiliate by resolution of the Administrator, and (v) any entity (including, without limitation, a partnership or limited liability company) which directly or indirectly controls fifty percent (50 or more (whether by ownership of stock, assets or an equivalent ownership interest or voting interest) of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates. 
 C. Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 D. Cause means (i) in the case where the Participant does not have an employment, consulting or similar agreement in effect with the Corporation or its Affiliate at the time of grant of the Option or Stock Award or where there is such an agreement but it does not define cause (or words of like import), conduct related to the Participant s service to the Corporation or an Affiliate for which either criminal or civil penalties against the Participant may be sought, misconduct, insubordination, material violation of Corporation or its Affiliate s policies, disclosing or misusing any confidential information or material concerning the Corporation or any Affiliate or material breach of any employment, consulting agreement or similar agreement, or (ii) in the case where the Participant has an employment agreement, consulting agreement or similar agreement in effect with the Corporation or its Affiliate at the time of grant of the Option or Stock Award that defines a termination for cause (or words of like import), cause as defined in such agreement; provided, however, that with regard to any agreement that defines cause on 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 1 - 
 
 occurrence of or in connection with change of control, such definition of cause shall not apply until a change of control actually occurs and then only with regard to a termination thereafter. 
 E. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and any amendments thereto. 
 F. Common Stock means the common stock, par value .001) par value, of the Corporation. 
 G. Consultant means (i) any person performing consulting or advisory services for the Corporation or any Affiliate, or (ii) a director of an Affiliate. 
 H. Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Corporation or an Affiliate, whether as an employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A Participant s Continuous Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Corporation or an Affiliate as an employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s Continuous Service. The Participant s Continuous Service shall be deemed to have terminated either upon an actual termination or upon the entity for which the Participant is performing services ceasing to be an Affiliate of the Corporation. The Administrator shall determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any leave of absence approved by the Corporation, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave. 
 I. Corporation means PearTrack Security Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 
 J. Corporation Law means the general corporation law of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation. 
 K. Director means a member of the Board. 
 L. Disability shall mean a physical or mental condition of a Participant that, (i) in the judgment of the Administrator, permanently prevents such Participant from being able to continue to serve actively in a capacity comparable to that in which the Participant served prior to the disability, or (ii) causes the Participant to become eligible for long-term disability benefits under any long-term disability insurance plan then in effect with the Corporation or its Affiliate. 
 M. Eligible Person means an employee (including officers) of the Corporation or an Affiliate (including an entity that becomes an Affiliate after the adoption of this Plan), a Director or a Consultant to the Corporation or an Affiliate (including an entity that becomes an Affiliate after the adoption of this Plan) . 
 N. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 O. Fair Market Value means, on any given date, the current fair market value of the shares of Common Stock as determined as follows: 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 2 - 
 
 (i) If the Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock, is listed on a national securities exchange or on the OTC Markets, the closing price for the day of determination as quoted on such market or exchange which is the primary market or exchange for trading of the Common Stock or if no trading occurs on such date, the last day on which trading occurred, or such other appropriate date as determined by the Administrator in its discretion, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; 
 (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, its Fair Market Value shall be the mean between the high and the low asked prices for the Common Stock for the day of determination; or 
 (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Administrator in good faith. 
 P. Incentive Stock Option means an Option (or portion thereof) intended to qualify for special tax treatment under Section 422 of the Code. 
 Q. Non-exempt Employee means an employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate who is a non-exempt employee under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938. 
 R. Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option (or portion thereof) which is not intended or does not for any reason qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 S. Option means any option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under this Plan. 
 T. Parent means any corporation (other than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Corporation if each of the corporations (other than the Corporation) owns stock possessing at least fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 U. Participant means an Eligible Person who is selected by the Administrator to receive an Option or Stock Award and is party to any Stock Option Agreement or Stock Award Agreement required by the terms of such Option or Stock Award. 
 V. Plan means this PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 W. Restricted Stock Award means an award of Common Stock under Section 7.A. 
 X. Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 as amended. 
 Y. Stock Award means a Restricted Stock Award or Stock Appreciation Right. 
 Z. Stock Appreciation Right means an award of a right of the Participant to receive a payment in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.B. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 3 - 
 
 AA. Stock Award Agreement means an agreement (written or electronic) between the Corporation and a Participant setting forth the specific terms and conditions of a Stock Award granted to the Participant under Section 7. Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and shall include such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall authorize. 
 BB. Stock Option Agreement means an agreement (written or electronic) between the Corporation and a Participant setting forth the specific terms and conditions of an Option granted to the Participant. Each Stock Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and shall include such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall authorize. 
 CC. Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Corporation if each of the corporations (other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain) owns stock possessing at least fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 DD. Ten Percent Owner means any Eligible Person owning at the time an Option is granted more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Corporation or of an Affiliate. An individual shall, in accordance with Section 424(d) of the Code, be considered to own any voting stock owned (directly or indirectly) by or for his brothers, sisters, spouse, ancestors and lineal descendants and any voting stock owned (directly or indirectly) by or for a corporation, partnership, estate, trust or other entity shall be considered as being owned proportionately by or for its stockholders, partners or beneficiaries. 
 3. ADMINISTRATION 
 A. Delegation of Administration. The Board shall be the sole Administrator of the Plan unless the Board delegates all or any portion of its authority to administer the Plan to another Administrator. To the extent not prohibited by the charter or bylaws of the Corporation, the Board may delegate all or a portion of its authority to administer the Plan to a committee of the Board appointed by the Board and constituted in compliance with the Corporation Law. If permitted by the Corporation Law, and not prohibited by the charter or bylaws of the Corporation, the Board may also delegate all or a portion of its authority to administer the Plan to an officer or officers of the Corporation designated by the Board. 
 B. Powers of the Administrator . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and, in the case of an Administrator other than the Board, subject at all times to the terms and conditions of the delegation of authority from the Board, the Administrator shall have the authority to implement, interpret and administer the Plan. Such authority shall include, without limitation, the authority: 
 (i) To construe and interpret all provisions of this Plan and all Stock Option Agreements and Stock Award Agreements under this Plan. 
 (ii) To determine the Fair Market Value of Common Stock. 
 (iii) To select the Eligible Persons to whom Options or Stock Awards, are granted from time to time hereunder. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 4 - 
 
 (iv) To determine the number of shares of Common Stock covered by an Option or Stock Award; determine whether an Option shall be an Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified Stock Option; and determine such other terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of each such Option or Stock Award. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price of an Option, purchase price of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award, the time or times when Options or Stock Awards may be exercised or Common Stock issued thereunder, the right of the Corporation to repurchase Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option or a Stock Award and other restrictions or limitations (in addition to those contained in the Plan) on the forfeitability or transferability of Options, Stock Awards or Common Stock issued upon exercise of an Option or pursuant to a Stock Award. Such terms may include conditions shall be as determined by the Administrator and need not be uniform with respect to Participants. 
 (v) To determine whether and under what circumstances an Option may be settled in cash, shares of Common Stock or other property under Section 6.H instead of Common Stock. 
 (vi) To amend, cancel, extend, renew, accept the surrender of, modify or accelerate the vesting of or lapse of restrictions on all or any portion of an outstanding Option or Stock Award; to determine the time at which a Stock Award or Common Stock issued under the Plan may become transferable or nonforfeitable; and to reduce the exercise price of any Option. 
 (vii) To prescribe the form of Stock Option Agreements and Stock Award Agreements; to adopt policies and procedures for the exercise of Options or Stock Awards, including the satisfaction of withholding obligations; to adopt, amend, and rescind policies and procedures pertaining to the administration of the Plan; and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan. Any decision made, or action taken, by the Administrator or in connection with the administration of this Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons having an interest in the Plan. 
 C. Administration When Common Stock is Publicly Traded . On and following the date on which the Corporation has a class of equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Act, the Administrator authorized by the Board to administer the Plan shall, if so determined by the Board, consist solely of two (2) or more Non-Employee Directors (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act); provided that the Board may delegate administrative authority with respect to Eligible Persons who are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act to a committee of other than Non-Employee Directors. 
 4. ELIGIBILITY 
 A. Eligibility for Awards . Nonqualified Stock Options and Stock Awards may be granted to any Eligible Person selected by the Administrator. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 5 - 
 
 B. Substitution Awards . The Administrator may make Stock Awards and may grant Options under the Plan by assumption, substitution or replacement of performance shares, phantom shares, stock awards, stock options, stock appreciation rights or similar awards granted by another entity (including an Affiliate), if such assumption, substitution or replacement is connection with an asset acquisition, stock acquisition, merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving the Corporation (and/or its Affiliate) and such other entity (and/or its affiliate). Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan (other than the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan), the terms of such assumed, substituted or replaced Stock Awards or Options shall be as the Administrator, in its discretion, determines is appropriate. 
 5. COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN 
 A. Share Reserve . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be (i) issued under this Plan pursuant to the exercise of Options, (ii) issued pursuant to Restricted Stock Awards, and (iii) covered by Stock Appreciation Rights is twenty million (20,000,000) shares. 
 B. Reversion of Shares . If an Option or Stock Award is terminated, expires or becomes unexercisable, in whole or in part, for any reason, the unissued or unpurchased shares of Common Stock (or shares subject to an unexercised Stock Appreciation Right) which were subject thereto shall become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares of Common Stock that have been actually issued under the Plan shall not be returned to the share reserve for future grants under the Plan; except that shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award which are repurchased by the Corporation at the original purchase price of such shares, shall be returned to the share reserve for future grant under the Plan. 
 C. Source of Shares . Common Stock issued under the Plan may be shares of authorized and unissued Common Stock or shares of previously issued Common Stock that have been reacquired by the Corporation. 
 6. OPTIONS 
 A. Award . In accordance with the provisions of Section 4, the Administrator will designate each Eligible Person to whom an Option is to be granted and will specify the number of shares of Common Stock covered by such Option. The Stock Option Agreement shall specify whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified Stock Option, the vesting schedule applicable to such Option and any other terms of such Option. No Option that is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be invalid for failure to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 B. Exercise Price . The exercise price per share for Common Stock subject to an Option shall be determined by the Administrator. The exercise price per share for Common Stock subject to an Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant. 
 C. Maximum Option Period . The maximum period during which an Option may be exercised shall be determined by the Administrator on the date of grant, except that no Option that is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 6 - 
 
 from the date such Option was granted. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Participant who is or is deemed to be a Ten Percent Owner on the date of grant, such Option shall not be exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. The terms of any Option that is an Incentive Stock Option may provide that it is exercisable for a period less than such maximum period. 
 D. Maximum Value of Options which are Incentive Stock Options . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted to any person are exercisable for the first time during any calendar year (under all stock option plans of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or Parent) exceeds 100,000 (or such other amount provided in Section 422 of the Code), the Options are not Incentive Stock Options. For purposes of this section, the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock will be determined as of the time the Incentive Stock Option with respect to the Common Stock is granted. This section will be applied by taking Incentive Stock Options into account in the order in which they are granted. 
 E. Non-transferability . Options granted under this Plan which are intended to be Incentive Stock Options shall be nontransferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and during the lifetime of the Participant shall be exercisable by only the Participant to whom the Incentive Stock Option is granted. If the Stock Option Agreement so provides or the Administrator so approves, a Nonqualified Stock Option may be transferred by a Participant to the Participant s children, stepchildren, grandchildren, spouse, one or more trusts for the benefit of such family members or a partnership in which such family members are the only partners; provided, however, that Participant may not receive any consideration for the transfer. The holder of a Nonqualified Stock Option transferred pursuant to this section shall be bound by the same terms and conditions that governed the Option during the period that it was held by the Participant. Except to the extent transferability of a Nonqualified Stock Option is provided for in the Stock Option Agreement or is approved by the Administrator, during the lifetime of the Participant to whom the Nonqualified Stock Option is granted, such Option may be exercised only by the Participant. No right or interest of a Participant in any Option shall be liable for, or subject to, any lien, obligation, or liability of such Participant. 
 F. Vesting and Termination of Continuous Service . Except as provided in a Stock Option Agreement, the following rules shall apply: 
 (i) Options will vest as provided in the Stock Option Agreement. An Option will be exercisable only to the extent that it is vested on the date of exercise. Vesting of an Option will cease on the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service and the Option will be exercisable only to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination of Continuous Service. 
 (ii) In the case of Options intended to be Qualified Options: 
 a. Options Granted to Employees . An Option granted to a Participant who is not a Consultant or an officer or director of the Corporation, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be exercisable at the minimum rate of thirty three percent (33 per year for each of the first three (3) years 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 7 - 
 
 starting from the date of grant, subject to reasonable conditions such as continued service. 
 b. Options Granted to Outside Directors, Consultants or Officers . An Option granted to a Participant who is a Consultant or an officer or Director of the Corporation, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be exercisable at any time or during any period established by the Board, subject to reasonable conditions such as continued service. 
 (iii) If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is for reason of death or Disability, the right to exercise the Option (to the extent vested) will expire on the earlier of (i) one (1) year after the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, or (ii) the expiration date under the terms of the Agreement. Until the expiration date, the Participant s heirs, legatees or legal representative may exercise the Option, except to the extent the Option was previously transferred pursuant to Section 6.E. 
 (iv) If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is an involuntary termination without Cause or a voluntary termination (other than a voluntary termination described in Section 6.F.(v)), the right to exercise the Option (to the extent that it is vested) will expire on the earlier of (i) ninety days (90) after the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, or (ii) the expiration date under the terms of the Agreement. If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is an involuntary termination without Cause or a voluntary termination (other than a voluntary termination described in Section 6.F.(v)) and the Participant dies after his or her termination of Continuous Service but before the right to exercise the Option has expired, the right to exercise the Option (to the extent vested) shall expire on the earlier of (i) one (1) year after the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service or (ii) the date the Option expires under the terms of the Stock Option Agreement, and, until expiration, the Participant s heirs, legatees or legal representative may exercise the Option, except to the extent the Option was previously transferred pursuant to Section 6.E. 
 (v) If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is for Cause or is a voluntary termination at any time after an event which would be grounds for termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for Cause, the right to exercise the Option shall expire as of the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 
 G. Exercise . An Option shall be exercised by completion, execution and delivery of notice (written or electronic) to Corporation of the Option which states (i) the Option holder s intent to exercise the Option, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Option is being exercised, (iii) such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Corporation and (iv) the method for satisfying any applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 9. Such notice of exercise shall be provided on such form or by such method as the Administrator may designate, and payment of the exercise price shall be made in accordance with Section 6.H. Subject to the provisions of this Plan and the applicable Stock Option Agreement, an Option may be exercised to the extent vested in whole at any time or in part from time to time at such times and in compliance with such requirements as the Administrator shall determine. A 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 8 - 
 
 partial exercise of an Option shall not affect the right to exercise the Option from time to time in accordance with this Plan and the applicable Stock Option Agreement with respect to the remaining shares subject to the Option. An Option may not be exercised with respect to fractional shares of Common Stock. 
 H. Payment . Unless otherwise provided by the Stock Option Agreement, payment of the exercise price for an Option shall be made in cash or a cash equivalent acceptable to the Administrator. With the consent of the Administrator, payment of all or part of the exercise price of an Option may also be made (i) by surrendering shares of Common Stock to the Corporation that have been held for at least six (6) months prior to the date of exercise, (ii) if the Common Stock is traded on an established securities market, the Administrator may approve payment of the exercise price by a broker-dealer or by the Option holder with cash advanced by the broker-dealer if the exercise notice is accompanied by the Option holder s written irrevocable instructions to deliver the Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Option to the broker-dealer, or (iii) any other method acceptable to the Administrator. If Common Stock is used to pay all or part of the exercise price, the sum of the cash or cash equivalent and the Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of exercise) of the shares surrendered must not be less than the exercise price of the shares for which the Option is being exercised. If all or part of the exercise price is to be paid with a promissory note, the par value of the Common Stock, if newly issued, shall be paid in cash or cash equivalents. The shares received upon exercise of the Option shall be pledged as security for payment of the principal amount of the promissory note and interest thereon and the interest rate payable under the terms of the promissory note shall not be less than the minimum rate (if any) required to avoid the imputation of additional interest under the Code. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrator (at its sole discretion) shall specify the term, interest rate, amortization requirements (if any) and other provisions of such note. 
 I. Stockholder Rights . No Participant shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to shares subject to an Option until the date of exercise of such Option and the certificate for shares of Common Stock to be received on exercise of such Option has been issued by the Corporation. 
 J. Disposition . A Participant shall notify the Corporation of any sale or other disposition of Common Stock acquired pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option if such sale or disposition occurs (i) within two years of the grant of an Option or (ii) within one year of the issuance of the Common Stock to the Participant. Such notice shall be in writing and directed to the Secretary of the Corporation. 
 7. STOCK AWARDS 
 A. Restricted Stock Awards . Each Stock Award Agreement for a Restricted Stock Award shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of the Stock Award Agreements for Restricted Stock Awards may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Awards need not be identical, but each Restricted Stock Award shall include (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by references in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 9 - 
 
 (i) Purchase Price . The purchase price, if any, of restricted stock awards shall be determined by the Administrator. The purchase price of shares offered under the Plan for shares intended to be covered shall not be less than eighty-five percent (85 of the Fair Market Value of such shares; provided, however, if the purchaser is a Ten-Percent Owner, the purchase price shall not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of such shares. 
 (ii) Consideration . The purchase price, if any, of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award shall be paid either: (i) in cash at the time of purchase; (ii) at the discretion of the Administrator, according to a deferred payment or other similar arrangement with the Participant; or (iii) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Administrator in its discretion; provided, however, that payment of the Common Stock s par value shall not be made by deferred payment. 
 (iii) Vesting . Shares of Common Stock acquired under a Restricted Stock Award may, but need not, be subject to a share repurchase option in favor of the Corporation in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Administrator. 
 (iv) Participant s Termination of Service . In the event of a Participant s termination of Continuous Service, the Corporation, if so provided in the Stock Award Agreement, may repurchase or otherwise reacquire any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not vested as of the date of termination under the terms of the Stock Award Agreement for such Restricted Stock Award. 
 (v) Transferability . Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under a Restricted Stock Award shall be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Stock Award Agreement for such Restricted Stock Award, as the Administrator shall determine in its discretion, so long as Common Stock granted under the Restricted Stock Award remains subject to the terms of the Stock Award Agreement. 
 B. Stock Appreciation Rights . Each Stock Award Agreement for Stock Appreciation Rights shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Stock Appreciation Rights need not be identical, but each Stock Appreciation Right shall include (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 (i) Benefit Provided . Each Stock Appreciation Right shall provide the Participant with the right to receive payment in cash or shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, as designated in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Appreciation Rights, of an amount equal to the difference between the base amount provided for each share of Common Stock as described in the Stock Award Agreement and the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of exercise of such Stock Appreciation Right. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 10 - 
 
 (ii) Tandem Awards . Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted either alone or a tandem with other awards, including Options, under the Plan; provided, however, if that Stock Appreciation Rights are granted in tandem with another Stock Award, the base amount provided for each share of Common Stock in the applicable Stock Award Agreement shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of grant of such Stock Award. 
 (iii) Vesting . The Stock Award Agreement for a Stock Appreciation Right shall provide the vesting schedule applicable to such award and may, but need not, provide that shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercising a Stock Appreciation Right are subject to a repurchase option in favor of the Corporation. 
 (iv) Participant s Termination of Service . In the event of a Participant s termination of Continuous Service, the Corporation may repurchase or otherwise reacquire any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not vested as of the date of termination under the terms of the Stock Appreciation Right. 
 (v) Transferability . Rights to acquire cash or shares of Common Stock under a Stock Appreciation Rights shall be nontransferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and during the lifetime of the Participant shall be exercisable by only the Participant to whom the Stock Appreciation Rights are granted. 
 8. CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
 A. No Limitations of Rights . The existence of outstanding Options or Stock Awards shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Corporation or its stockholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations or other changes in the Corporation s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of the Corporation, or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Common Stock or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 B. Changes in Capitalization . If the Corporation shall effect a subdivision or consolidation of shares or other capital readjustment, the payment of a stock dividend, or other increase or reduction of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding, without receiving consideration therefore in money, services or property, then (i) the number, class, and per share price of shares of Common Stock subject to outstanding Options and Stock Awards hereunder and (ii) the number and class of shares then reserved for issuance under the Plan and the maximum number of shares for which awards may be granted to a Participant during a specified time period shall be appropriately and proportionately adjusted. The conversion of convertible securities of the Corporation shall not be treated as effected without receiving consideration. The Administrator shall make such adjustments, and its determinations shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 C. Merger, Consolidation or Asset Sale . If the Corporation is merged or consolidated with another entity or sells or otherwise disposes of substantially all of its assets to another entity 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 11 - 
 
 while Options or Stock Awards remain outstanding under the Plan, unless provisions are made in connection with such transaction for the continuance of the Plan and/or the assumption or substitution of such Options or Stock Awards with new options or stock awards covering the stock of the successor entity, or parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices, then all outstanding Options and Stock Awards which have not been continued, assumed or for which a substituted award has not been granted shall, whether or not vested or then exercisable, vest immediately as of the effective date of any such merger, consolidation or sale. 
 D. Limitation on Adjustment . Except as previously expressly provided, neither the issuance by the Corporation of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, for cash or property, or for labor or services either upon direct sale or upon the exercise of rights or warrants to subscribe therefor, or upon conversion of shares or obligations of the Corporation convertible into such shares or other securities, nor the increase or decrease of the number of authorized shares of stock, nor the addition or deletion of classes of stock, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number, class or price of shares of Common Stock then subject to outstanding Options or Stock Awards. 
 9. WITHHOLDING OF TAXES 
 The Corporation or an Affiliate shall have the right, before any certificate for any Common Stock is delivered, to deduct or withhold from any payment owed to a Participant any amount that is necessary in order to satisfy any withholding requirement that the Corporation or Affiliate in good faith believes is imposed upon it in connection with Federal, state, or local taxes, including transfer taxes, as a result of the issuance of, or lapse of restrictions on, such Common Stock, or otherwise require such Participant to make provision for payment of any such withholding amount. Subject to such conditions as may be established by the Administrator, the Administrator may permit a Participant to (i) have Common Stock otherwise issuable under an Option or Stock Award withheld to the extent necessary to comply with minimum statutory withholding rate requirements for supplemental income, (ii) tender back to the Corporation shares of Common Stock received pursuant to an Option or Stock Award to the extent necessary to comply with minimum statutory withholding rate requirements for supplemental income, (iii) deliver to the Corporation previously acquired Common Stock, (iv) have funds withheld from payments of wages, salary or other cash compensation due the Participant, or (v) pay the Corporation or its Affiliate in cash, in order to satisfy part or all of the obligations for any taxes required to be withheld or otherwise deducted and paid by the Corporation or its Affiliate with respect to the Option or Stock Award. 
 10. REPURCHASE RIGHTS 
 The Corporation shall have the right to repurchase shares that have been acquired through an award or sale of shares or exercise of an Option upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service if provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or Stock Option Agreement. Subject to the following restrictions, the Board in its sole discretion shall determine when the right to repurchase shall lapse as to all or any portion of the shares, and may, in its discretion, provide for accelerated vesting. With respect to a stock award intended to be a Qualified Option, the following restrictions shall apply in the case of a Participant who is not a 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 12 - 
 
 Consultant or an officer or director of the Corporation, a Parent or Subsidiary: 
 A. Repurchase Price . If the Corporation retains a right to repurchase the shares at the original purchase price or exercise price, then such repurchase right shall lapse at the minimum rate of twenty percent (20 per year over the five (5) year period starting on the date of the award or sale of shares or grant of the Option. 
 B. Exercise of Repurchase Right . The Corporation s right of repurchase under this Section 10 may be exercised only within ninety (90) days of the date on which the Participant s Continuous Service terminates or, if the Participant acquired the shares upon exercise of an Option after the date of termination, within ninety (90) days from the date of exercise. 
 C. Payment of Repurchase Price . The Corporation shall pay the repurchase price in cash, cash equivalents or for cancellation of indebtedness incurred in purchasing the shares. 
 11. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND APPROVAL OF REGULATORY BODIES 
 A. General Requirements . No Option or Stock Award shall be exercisable, no Common Stock shall be issued, no certificates for shares of Common Stock shall be delivered, and no payment shall be made under this Plan except in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations (including, without limitation, withholding tax requirements), any listing agreement to which the Corporation is a party, and the rules of all domestic stock exchanges or quotation systems on which the Corporation s shares may be listed. The Corporation shall have the right to rely on an opinion of its counsel as to such compliance. Any share certificate issued to evidence Common Stock when a Stock Award is granted or for which an Option or Stock Award is exercised may bear such legends and statements as the Administrator may deem advisable to assure compliance with federal and state laws and regulations. No Option or Stock Award shall be exercisable, no Stock Award shall be granted, no Common Stock shall be issued, no certificate for shares shall be delivered, and no payment shall be made under this Plan until the Corporation has obtained such consent or approval as the Administrator may deem advisable from regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such matters. 
 B. Participant Representations . The Administrator may require that a Participant, as a condition to receipt or exercise of a particular award, execute and deliver to the Corporation a written statement, in form satisfactory to the Administrator, in which the Participant represents and warrants that the shares are being acquired for such person s own account, for investment only and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof. The Participant shall, at the request of the Administrator, be required to represent and warrant in writing that any subsequent resale or distribution of shares of Common Stock by the Participant shall be made only pursuant to either (i) a registration statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act of 1933, which registration statement has become effective and is current with regard to the shares being sold, or (ii) a specific exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, but in claiming such exemption the Participant shall, prior to any offer of sale or sale of such shares, obtain a prior favorable written opinion of counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Corporation, as to the application of such exemption thereto. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 13 - 
 
 C. Financial Reports . At least annually, the Corporation shall furnish its financial statements, including a balance sheet regarding the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations, to stockholders who have received shares under the Plan, Participants and purchasers, unless such persons are key employees whose duties at the Corporation assure them access to equivalent information. Financial statements need not be audited. The filing of the Corporation s annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the EDGAR System shall constitute delivery under this section. 
 D. Restrictions; Securities Listing . All certificates for Shares or other securities delivered under the Plan pursuant to any Award or the exercise thereof shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any applicable federal or state securities laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. If the Shares or other securities are traded on NASDAQ or a securities exchange, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares or other securities covered by an Award unless and until such Shares or other securities have been admitted for trading on NASDAQ or such securities exchange. 
 12. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 A. Effect on Employment and Service . Neither the adoption of this Plan, its operation, nor any documents describing or referring to this Plan (or any part thereof) shall (i) confer upon any individual any right to continue in the employ or service of the Corporation or an Affiliate, (ii) in any way affect any right and power of the Corporation or an Affiliate to change an individual s duties or terminate the employment or service of any individual at any time with or without assigning a reason therefor or (iii) except to the extent the Administrator grants an Option or Stock Award to such individual, confer on any individual the right to participate in the benefits of the Plan. 
 B. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds received by the Corporation from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to this Plan shall be used for general corporate purposes. 
 C. Unfunded Plan . The Plan, insofar as it provides for grants, shall be unfunded, and the Corporation shall not be required to segregate any assets that may at any time be represented by grants under this Plan. Any liability of the Corporation to any person with respect to any grant under this Plan shall be based solely upon any contractual obligations that may be created pursuant to this Plan. No such obligation of the Corporation shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge of, or other encumbrance on, any property of the Corporation. 
 D. Rules of Construction . Headings are given to the Sections of this Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference, and shall not be used in interpreting, construing or enforcing any provision hereof. The reference to any statute, regulation, or other provision of law shall be construed to refer to any amendment to or successor of such provision of law. 
 E. Choice of Law . The Plan and all Stock Option Agreements and Stock Award Agreements entered into under the Plan (except to the extent that any such Stock Option Agreement or Stock Award Agreement otherwise provides) shall be governed by and interpreted 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 14 - 
 
 under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation excluding (to the greatest extent permissible by law) any rule of law that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation. 
 13. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 The Board may amend or terminate this Plan from time to time; provided, however, that with respect to any amendment that (i) increases the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan, (ii) changes the class of employees eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options or (iii) is required by the terms of any applicable law, regulation, or rule, including, without limitation, any rule of The Nasdaq Stock Market, or any national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is publicly traded, each such amendment shall be subject to the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation within twelve (12) months of the date such amendment is adopted by the Board. Except as specifically permitted by the Plan, Stock Option Agreement or Stock Award Agreement or as required to comply with applicable law, regulation or rule, no amendment shall, without a Participant s consent, adversely affect any rights of such Participant under any Option or Stock Award outstanding at the time such amendment is made; provided, however, that an amendment that may cause an Incentive Stock Option to become a Nonqualified Stock Option, and any amendment that is required to comply with the rules applicable to Incentive Stock Options, shall not be treated as adversely affecting the rights of the Participant. 
 14. EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF PLAN 
 A. The Plan became effective as of October 1, 2018, upon adoption by the Board, The Plan shall be submitted for approval within twelve (12) months by the stockholders holding of a majority of the shares of entitled to vote thereon. In the event that the stockholders of the Corporation shall not approve the Plan within such twelve (12) month period, the Plan and any previously granted Incentive Stock Option shall automatically convert to a Nonqualified Stock Option. 
 B. Unless previously terminated, the Plan will terminate ten (10) years after the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders, except that Options and Stock Awards that are granted under the Plan prior to its termination will continue to be administered under the terms of the Plan until the Options and Stock Awards terminate or are exercised. 

PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 15 - 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 ex10192019stockincentiveplan.htm
 EX 10.19 2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

Ex 10.19 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 

PEARTRACK SECURITY SYSTEMS, INC. 
 
 2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 PEARTRACK SECURITY SYSTEMS, INC. 2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 1. PURPOSE 
 The PearTrack Security Systems, Inc., 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan is intended to promote the best interests of the Corporation, and its stockholders by (i) assisting the Corporation and its Affiliates in the recruitment and retention of persons with ability and initiative, (ii) providing an incentive to such persons to contribute to the growth and success of the Corporation s businesses by affording such persons equity participation in the Corporation and (iii) associating the interests of such persons with those of the Corporation and its affiliates and stockholders. 
 2. DEFINITIONS 
 As used in this Plan the following definitions shall apply: 
 A. Administrator means the Board or any party to which the Board has delegated any responsibility for the administration of the Plan pursuant to Section 3.A hereof. 
 B. Affiliate means (i) any Subsidiary, (ii) any Parent, (iii) any entity (including, without limitation, a partnership or limited liability company) which is directly or indirectly controlled fifty percent (50 or more (whether by ownership of stock, assets or an equivalent ownership interest or voting interest) by the Corporation or one of its Affiliates, (iv) any other entity in which the Corporation or any of its Affiliates has a material equity interest and which is designated as an Affiliate by resolution of the Administrator, and (v) any entity (including, without limitation, a partnership or limited liability company) which directly or indirectly controls fifty percent (50 or more (whether by ownership of stock, assets or an equivalent ownership interest or voting interest) of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates. 
 C. Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 D. Cause means (i) in the case where the Participant does not have an employment, consulting or similar agreement in effect with the Corporation or its Affiliate at the time of grant of the Option or Stock Award or where there is such an agreement but it does not define cause (or words of like import), conduct related to the Participant s service to the Corporation or an Affiliate for which either criminal or civil penalties against the Participant may be sought, misconduct, insubordination, material violation of Corporation or its Affiliate s policies, disclosing or misusing any confidential information or material concerning the Corporation or any Affiliate or material breach of any employment, consulting agreement or similar agreement, or (ii) in the case where the Participant has an employment agreement, consulting agreement or similar agreement in effect with the Corporation or its Affiliate at the time of grant of the Option or Stock Award that defines a termination for cause (or words of like import), cause as defined in such agreement; provided, however, that with regard to any agreement that defines cause on 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 1 - 
 
 occurrence of or in connection with change of control, such definition of cause shall not apply until a change of control actually occurs and then only with regard to a termination thereafter. 
 E. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and any amendments thereto. 
 F. Common Stock means the common stock, par value .001) par value, of the Corporation. 
 G. Consultant means (i) any person performing consulting or advisory services for the Corporation or any Affiliate, or (ii) a director of an Affiliate. 
 H. Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Corporation or an Affiliate, whether as an employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A Participant s Continuous Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Corporation or an Affiliate as an employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s Continuous Service. The Participant s Continuous Service shall be deemed to have terminated either upon an actual termination or upon the entity for which the Participant is performing services ceasing to be an Affiliate of the Corporation. The Administrator shall determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any leave of absence approved by the Corporation, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave. 
 I. Corporation means PearTrack Security Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 
 J. Corporation Law means the general corporation law of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation. 
 K. Director means a member of the Board. 
 L. Disability shall mean a physical or mental condition of a Participant that, (i) in the judgment of the Administrator, permanently prevents such Participant from being able to continue to serve actively in a capacity comparable to that in which the Participant served prior to the disability, or (ii) causes the Participant to become eligible for long-term disability benefits under any long-term disability insurance plan then in effect with the Corporation or its Affiliate. 
 M. Eligible Person means an employee (including officers) of the Corporation or an Affiliate (including an entity that becomes an Affiliate after the adoption of this Plan), a Director or a Consultant to the Corporation or an Affiliate (including an entity that becomes an Affiliate after the adoption of this Plan) . 
 N. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 O. Fair Market Value means, on any given date, the current fair market value of the shares of Common Stock as determined as follows: 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 2 - 
 
 (i) If the Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock, is listed on a national securities exchange or on the OTC Markets, the closing price for the day of determination as quoted on such market or exchange which is the primary market or exchange for trading of the Common Stock or if no trading occurs on such date, the last day on which trading occurred, or such other appropriate date as determined by the Administrator in its discretion, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; 
 (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, its Fair Market Value shall be the mean between the high and the low asked prices for the Common Stock for the day of determination; or 
 (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Administrator in good faith. 
 P. Incentive Stock Option means an Option (or portion thereof) intended to qualify for special tax treatment under Section 422 of the Code. 
 Q. Non-exempt Employee means an employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate who is a non-exempt employee under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938. 
 R. Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option (or portion thereof) which is not intended or does not for any reason qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 S. Option means any option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under this Plan. 
 T. Parent means any corporation (other than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Corporation if each of the corporations (other than the Corporation) owns stock possessing at least fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 U. Participant means an Eligible Person who is selected by the Administrator to receive an Option or Stock Award and is party to any Stock Option Agreement or Stock Award Agreement required by the terms of such Option or Stock Award. 
 V. Plan means this PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 W. Restricted Stock Award means an award of Common Stock under Section 7.A. 
 X. Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 as amended. 
 Y. Stock Award means a Restricted Stock Award or Stock Appreciation Right. 
 Z. Stock Appreciation Right means an award of a right of the Participant to receive a payment in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.B. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 3 - 
 
 AA. Stock Award Agreement means an agreement (written or electronic) between the Corporation and a Participant setting forth the specific terms and conditions of a Stock Award granted to the Participant under Section 7. Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and shall include such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall authorize. 
 BB. Stock Option Agreement means an agreement (written or electronic) between the Corporation and a Participant setting forth the specific terms and conditions of an Option granted to the Participant. Each Stock Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and shall include such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall authorize. 
 CC. Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Corporation if each of the corporations (other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain) owns stock possessing at least fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 DD. Ten Percent Owner means any Eligible Person owning at the time an Option is granted more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Corporation or of an Affiliate. An individual shall, in accordance with Section 424(d) of the Code, be considered to own any voting stock owned (directly or indirectly) by or for his brothers, sisters, spouse, ancestors and lineal descendants and any voting stock owned (directly or indirectly) by or for a corporation, partnership, estate, trust or other entity shall be considered as being owned proportionately by or for its stockholders, partners or beneficiaries. 
 3. ADMINISTRATION 
 A. Delegation of Administration. The Board shall be the sole Administrator of the Plan unless the Board delegates all or any portion of its authority to administer the Plan to another Administrator. To the extent not prohibited by the charter or bylaws of the Corporation, the Board may delegate all or a portion of its authority to administer the Plan to a committee of the Board appointed by the Board and constituted in compliance with the Corporation Law. If permitted by the Corporation Law, and not prohibited by the charter or bylaws of the Corporation, the Board may also delegate all or a portion of its authority to administer the Plan to an officer or officers of the Corporation designated by the Board. 
 B. Powers of the Administrator . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and, in the case of an Administrator other than the Board, subject at all times to the terms and conditions of the delegation of authority from the Board, the Administrator shall have the authority to implement, interpret and administer the Plan. Such authority shall include, without limitation, the authority: 
 (i) To construe and interpret all provisions of this Plan and all Stock Option Agreements and Stock Award Agreements under this Plan. 
 (ii) To determine the Fair Market Value of Common Stock. 
 (iii) To select the Eligible Persons to whom Options or Stock Awards, are granted from time to time hereunder. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 4 - 
 
 (iv) To determine the number of shares of Common Stock covered by an Option or Stock Award; determine whether an Option shall be an Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified Stock Option; and determine such other terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of each such Option or Stock Award. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price of an Option, purchase price of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award, the time or times when Options or Stock Awards may be exercised or Common Stock issued thereunder, the right of the Corporation to repurchase Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option or a Stock Award and other restrictions or limitations (in addition to those contained in the Plan) on the forfeitability or transferability of Options, Stock Awards or Common Stock issued upon exercise of an Option or pursuant to a Stock Award. Such terms may include conditions shall be as determined by the Administrator and need not be uniform with respect to Participants. 
 (v) To determine whether and under what circumstances an Option may be settled in cash, shares of Common Stock or other property under Section 6.H instead of Common Stock. 
 (vi) To amend, cancel, extend, renew, accept the surrender of, modify or accelerate the vesting of or lapse of restrictions on all or any portion of an outstanding Option or Stock Award; to determine the time at which a Stock Award or Common Stock issued under the Plan may become transferable or nonforfeitable; and to reduce the exercise price of any Option. 
 (vii) To prescribe the form of Stock Option Agreements and Stock Award Agreements; to adopt policies and procedures for the exercise of Options or Stock Awards, including the satisfaction of withholding obligations; to adopt, amend, and rescind policies and procedures pertaining to the administration of the Plan; and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan. Any decision made, or action taken, by the Administrator or in connection with the administration of this Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons having an interest in the Plan. 
 C. Administration When Common Stock is Publicly Traded . On and following the date on which the Corporation has a class of equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Act, the Administrator authorized by the Board to administer the Plan shall, if so determined by the Board, consist solely of two (2) or more Non-Employee Directors (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act); provided that the Board may delegate administrative authority with respect to Eligible Persons who are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act to a committee of other than Non-Employee Directors. 
 4. ELIGIBILITY 
 A. Eligibility for Awards . Nonqualified Stock Options and Stock Awards may be granted to any Eligible Person selected by the Administrator. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 5 - 
 
 B. Substitution Awards . The Administrator may make Stock Awards and may grant Options under the Plan by assumption, substitution or replacement of performance shares, phantom shares, stock awards, stock options, stock appreciation rights or similar awards granted by another entity (including an Affiliate), if such assumption, substitution or replacement is connection with an asset acquisition, stock acquisition, merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving the Corporation (and/or its Affiliate) and such other entity (and/or its affiliate). Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan (other than the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan), the terms of such assumed, substituted or replaced Stock Awards or Options shall be as the Administrator, in its discretion, determines is appropriate. 
 5. COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN 
 A. Share Reserve . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be (i) issued under this Plan pursuant to the exercise of Options, (ii) issued pursuant to Restricted Stock Awards, and (iii) covered by Stock Appreciation Rights is twenty million (20,000,000) shares. 
 B. Reversion of Shares . If an Option or Stock Award is terminated, expires or becomes unexercisable, in whole or in part, for any reason, the unissued or unpurchased shares of Common Stock (or shares subject to an unexercised Stock Appreciation Right) which were subject thereto shall become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares of Common Stock that have been actually issued under the Plan shall not be returned to the share reserve for future grants under the Plan; except that shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award which are repurchased by the Corporation at the original purchase price of such shares, shall be returned to the share reserve for future grant under the Plan. 
 C. Source of Shares . Common Stock issued under the Plan may be shares of authorized and unissued Common Stock or shares of previously issued Common Stock that have been reacquired by the Corporation. 
 6. OPTIONS 
 A. Award . In accordance with the provisions of Section 4, the Administrator will designate each Eligible Person to whom an Option is to be granted and will specify the number of shares of Common Stock covered by such Option. The Stock Option Agreement shall specify whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified Stock Option, the vesting schedule applicable to such Option and any other terms of such Option. No Option that is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be invalid for failure to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 B. Exercise Price . The exercise price per share for Common Stock subject to an Option shall be determined by the Administrator. The exercise price per share for Common Stock subject to an Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant. 
 C. Maximum Option Period . The maximum period during which an Option may be exercised shall be determined by the Administrator on the date of grant, except that no Option that is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 6 - 
 
 from the date such Option was granted. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Participant who is or is deemed to be a Ten Percent Owner on the date of grant, such Option shall not be exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. The terms of any Option that is an Incentive Stock Option may provide that it is exercisable for a period less than such maximum period. 
 D. Maximum Value of Options which are Incentive Stock Options . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted to any person are exercisable for the first time during any calendar year (under all stock option plans of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or Parent) exceeds 100,000 (or such other amount provided in Section 422 of the Code), the Options are not Incentive Stock Options. For purposes of this section, the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock will be determined as of the time the Incentive Stock Option with respect to the Common Stock is granted. This section will be applied by taking Incentive Stock Options into account in the order in which they are granted. 
 E. Non-transferability . Options granted under this Plan which are intended to be Incentive Stock Options shall be nontransferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and during the lifetime of the Participant shall be exercisable by only the Participant to whom the Incentive Stock Option is granted. If the Stock Option Agreement so provides or the Administrator so approves, a Nonqualified Stock Option may be transferred by a Participant to the Participant s children, stepchildren, grandchildren, spouse, one or more trusts for the benefit of such family members or a partnership in which such family members are the only partners; provided, however, that Participant may not receive any consideration for the transfer. The holder of a Nonqualified Stock Option transferred pursuant to this section shall be bound by the same terms and conditions that governed the Option during the period that it was held by the Participant. Except to the extent transferability of a Nonqualified Stock Option is provided for in the Stock Option Agreement or is approved by the Administrator, during the lifetime of the Participant to whom the Nonqualified Stock Option is granted, such Option may be exercised only by the Participant. No right or interest of a Participant in any Option shall be liable for, or subject to, any lien, obligation, or liability of such Participant. 
 F. Vesting and Termination of Continuous Service . Except as provided in a Stock Option Agreement, the following rules shall apply: 
 (i) Options will vest as provided in the Stock Option Agreement. An Option will be exercisable only to the extent that it is vested on the date of exercise. Vesting of an Option will cease on the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service and the Option will be exercisable only to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination of Continuous Service. 
 (ii) In the case of Options intended to be Qualified Options: 
 a. Options Granted to Employees . An Option granted to a Participant who is not a Consultant or an officer or director of the Corporation, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be exercisable at the minimum rate of thirty three percent (33 per year for each of the first three (3) years 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 7 - 
 
 starting from the date of grant, subject to reasonable conditions such as continued service. 
 b. Options Granted to Outside Directors, Consultants or Officers . An Option granted to a Participant who is a Consultant or an officer or Director of the Corporation, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be exercisable at any time or during any period established by the Board, subject to reasonable conditions such as continued service. 
 (iii) If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is for reason of death or Disability, the right to exercise the Option (to the extent vested) will expire on the earlier of (i) one (1) year after the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, or (ii) the expiration date under the terms of the Agreement. Until the expiration date, the Participant s heirs, legatees or legal representative may exercise the Option, except to the extent the Option was previously transferred pursuant to Section 6.E. 
 (iv) If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is an involuntary termination without Cause or a voluntary termination (other than a voluntary termination described in Section 6.F.(v)), the right to exercise the Option (to the extent that it is vested) will expire on the earlier of (i) ninety days (90) after the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, or (ii) the expiration date under the terms of the Agreement. If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is an involuntary termination without Cause or a voluntary termination (other than a voluntary termination described in Section 6.F.(v)) and the Participant dies after his or her termination of Continuous Service but before the right to exercise the Option has expired, the right to exercise the Option (to the extent vested) shall expire on the earlier of (i) one (1) year after the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service or (ii) the date the Option expires under the terms of the Stock Option Agreement, and, until expiration, the Participant s heirs, legatees or legal representative may exercise the Option, except to the extent the Option was previously transferred pursuant to Section 6.E. 
 (v) If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is for Cause or is a voluntary termination at any time after an event which would be grounds for termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for Cause, the right to exercise the Option shall expire as of the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 
 G. Exercise . An Option shall be exercised by completion, execution and delivery of notice (written or electronic) to Corporation of the Option which states (i) the Option holder s intent to exercise the Option, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Option is being exercised, (iii) such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Corporation and (iv) the method for satisfying any applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 9. Such notice of exercise shall be provided on such form or by such method as the Administrator may designate, and payment of the exercise price shall be made in accordance with Section 6.H. Subject to the provisions of this Plan and the applicable Stock Option Agreement, an Option may be exercised to the extent vested in whole at any time or in part from time to time at such times and in compliance with such requirements as the Administrator shall determine. A 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 8 - 
 
 partial exercise of an Option shall not affect the right to exercise the Option from time to time in accordance with this Plan and the applicable Stock Option Agreement with respect to the remaining shares subject to the Option. An Option may not be exercised with respect to fractional shares of Common Stock. 
 H. Payment . Unless otherwise provided by the Stock Option Agreement, payment of the exercise price for an Option shall be made in cash or a cash equivalent acceptable to the Administrator. With the consent of the Administrator, payment of all or part of the exercise price of an Option may also be made (i) by surrendering shares of Common Stock to the Corporation that have been held for at least six (6) months prior to the date of exercise, (ii) if the Common Stock is traded on an established securities market, the Administrator may approve payment of the exercise price by a broker-dealer or by the Option holder with cash advanced by the broker-dealer if the exercise notice is accompanied by the Option holder s written irrevocable instructions to deliver the Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Option to the broker-dealer, or (iii) any other method acceptable to the Administrator. If Common Stock is used to pay all or part of the exercise price, the sum of the cash or cash equivalent and the Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of exercise) of the shares surrendered must not be less than the exercise price of the shares for which the Option is being exercised. If all or part of the exercise price is to be paid with a promissory note, the par value of the Common Stock, if newly issued, shall be paid in cash or cash equivalents. The shares received upon exercise of the Option shall be pledged as security for payment of the principal amount of the promissory note and interest thereon and the interest rate payable under the terms of the promissory note shall not be less than the minimum rate (if any) required to avoid the imputation of additional interest under the Code. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrator (at its sole discretion) shall specify the term, interest rate, amortization requirements (if any) and other provisions of such note. 
 I. Stockholder Rights . No Participant shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to shares subject to an Option until the date of exercise of such Option and the certificate for shares of Common Stock to be received on exercise of such Option has been issued by the Corporation. 
 J. Disposition . A Participant shall notify the Corporation of any sale or other disposition of Common Stock acquired pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option if such sale or disposition occurs (i) within two years of the grant of an Option or (ii) within one year of the issuance of the Common Stock to the Participant. Such notice shall be in writing and directed to the Secretary of the Corporation. 
 7. STOCK AWARDS 
 A. Restricted Stock Awards . Each Stock Award Agreement for a Restricted Stock Award shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of the Stock Award Agreements for Restricted Stock Awards may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Awards need not be identical, but each Restricted Stock Award shall include (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by references in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 9 - 
 
 (i) Purchase Price . The purchase price, if any, of restricted stock awards shall be determined by the Administrator. The purchase price of shares offered under the Plan for shares intended to be covered shall not be less than eighty-five percent (85 of the Fair Market Value of such shares; provided, however, if the purchaser is a Ten-Percent Owner, the purchase price shall not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of such shares. 
 (ii) Consideration . The purchase price, if any, of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award shall be paid either: (i) in cash at the time of purchase; (ii) at the discretion of the Administrator, according to a deferred payment or other similar arrangement with the Participant; or (iii) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Administrator in its discretion; provided, however, that payment of the Common Stock s par value shall not be made by deferred payment. 
 (iii) Vesting . Shares of Common Stock acquired under a Restricted Stock Award may, but need not, be subject to a share repurchase option in favor of the Corporation in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Administrator. 
 (iv) Participant s Termination of Service . In the event of a Participant s termination of Continuous Service, the Corporation, if so provided in the Stock Award Agreement, may repurchase or otherwise reacquire any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not vested as of the date of termination under the terms of the Stock Award Agreement for such Restricted Stock Award. 
 (v) Transferability . Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under a Restricted Stock Award shall be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Stock Award Agreement for such Restricted Stock Award, as the Administrator shall determine in its discretion, so long as Common Stock granted under the Restricted Stock Award remains subject to the terms of the Stock Award Agreement. 
 B. Stock Appreciation Rights . Each Stock Award Agreement for Stock Appreciation Rights shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Stock Appreciation Rights need not be identical, but each Stock Appreciation Right shall include (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 (i) Benefit Provided . Each Stock Appreciation Right shall provide the Participant with the right to receive payment in cash or shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, as designated in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Appreciation Rights, of an amount equal to the difference between the base amount provided for each share of Common Stock as described in the Stock Award Agreement and the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of exercise of such Stock Appreciation Right. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 10 - 
 
 (ii) Tandem Awards . Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted either alone or a tandem with other awards, including Options, under the Plan; provided, however, if that Stock Appreciation Rights are granted in tandem with another Stock Award, the base amount provided for each share of Common Stock in the applicable Stock Award Agreement shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of grant of such Stock Award. 
 (iii) Vesting . The Stock Award Agreement for a Stock Appreciation Right shall provide the vesting schedule applicable to such award and may, but need not, provide that shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercising a Stock Appreciation Right are subject to a repurchase option in favor of the Corporation. 
 (iv) Participant s Termination of Service . In the event of a Participant s termination of Continuous Service, the Corporation may repurchase or otherwise reacquire any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not vested as of the date of termination under the terms of the Stock Appreciation Right. 
 (v) Transferability . Rights to acquire cash or shares of Common Stock under a Stock Appreciation Rights shall be nontransferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and during the lifetime of the Participant shall be exercisable by only the Participant to whom the Stock Appreciation Rights are granted. 
 8. CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
 A. No Limitations of Rights . The existence of outstanding Options or Stock Awards shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Corporation or its stockholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations or other changes in the Corporation s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of the Corporation, or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Common Stock or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 B. Changes in Capitalization . If the Corporation shall effect a subdivision or consolidation of shares or other capital readjustment, the payment of a stock dividend, or other increase or reduction of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding, without receiving consideration therefore in money, services or property, then (i) the number, class, and per share price of shares of Common Stock subject to outstanding Options and Stock Awards hereunder and (ii) the number and class of shares then reserved for issuance under the Plan and the maximum number of shares for which awards may be granted to a Participant during a specified time period shall be appropriately and proportionately adjusted. The conversion of convertible securities of the Corporation shall not be treated as effected without receiving consideration. The Administrator shall make such adjustments, and its determinations shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 C. Merger, Consolidation or Asset Sale . If the Corporation is merged or consolidated with another entity or sells or otherwise disposes of substantially all of its assets to another entity 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 11 - 
 
 while Options or Stock Awards remain outstanding under the Plan, unless provisions are made in connection with such transaction for the continuance of the Plan and/or the assumption or substitution of such Options or Stock Awards with new options or stock awards covering the stock of the successor entity, or parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices, then all outstanding Options and Stock Awards which have not been continued, assumed or for which a substituted award has not been granted shall, whether or not vested or then exercisable, vest immediately as of the effective date of any such merger, consolidation or sale. 
 D. Limitation on Adjustment . Except as previously expressly provided, neither the issuance by the Corporation of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, for cash or property, or for labor or services either upon direct sale or upon the exercise of rights or warrants to subscribe therefor, or upon conversion of shares or obligations of the Corporation convertible into such shares or other securities, nor the increase or decrease of the number of authorized shares of stock, nor the addition or deletion of classes of stock, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number, class or price of shares of Common Stock then subject to outstanding Options or Stock Awards. 
 9. WITHHOLDING OF TAXES 
 The Corporation or an Affiliate shall have the right, before any certificate for any Common Stock is delivered, to deduct or withhold from any payment owed to a Participant any amount that is necessary in order to satisfy any withholding requirement that the Corporation or Affiliate in good faith believes is imposed upon it in connection with Federal, state, or local taxes, including transfer taxes, as a result of the issuance of, or lapse of restrictions on, such Common Stock, or otherwise require such Participant to make provision for payment of any such withholding amount. Subject to such conditions as may be established by the Administrator, the Administrator may permit a Participant to (i) have Common Stock otherwise issuable under an Option or Stock Award withheld to the extent necessary to comply with minimum statutory withholding rate requirements for supplemental income, (ii) tender back to the Corporation shares of Common Stock received pursuant to an Option or Stock Award to the extent necessary to comply with minimum statutory withholding rate requirements for supplemental income, (iii) deliver to the Corporation previously acquired Common Stock, (iv) have funds withheld from payments of wages, salary or other cash compensation due the Participant, or (v) pay the Corporation or its Affiliate in cash, in order to satisfy part or all of the obligations for any taxes required to be withheld or otherwise deducted and paid by the Corporation or its Affiliate with respect to the Option or Stock Award. 
 10. REPURCHASE RIGHTS 
 The Corporation shall have the right to repurchase shares that have been acquired through an award or sale of shares or exercise of an Option upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service if provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or Stock Option Agreement. Subject to the following restrictions, the Board in its sole discretion shall determine when the right to repurchase shall lapse as to all or any portion of the shares, and may, in its discretion, provide for accelerated vesting. With respect to a stock award intended to be a Qualified Option, the following restrictions shall apply in the case of a Participant who is not a 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 12 - 
 
 Consultant or an officer or director of the Corporation, a Parent or Subsidiary: 
 A. Repurchase Price . If the Corporation retains a right to repurchase the shares at the original purchase price or exercise price, then such repurchase right shall lapse at the minimum rate of twenty percent (20 per year over the five (5) year period starting on the date of the award or sale of shares or grant of the Option. 
 B. Exercise of Repurchase Right . The Corporation s right of repurchase under this Section 10 may be exercised only within ninety (90) days of the date on which the Participant s Continuous Service terminates or, if the Participant acquired the shares upon exercise of an Option after the date of termination, within ninety (90) days from the date of exercise. 
 C. Payment of Repurchase Price . The Corporation shall pay the repurchase price in cash, cash equivalents or for cancellation of indebtedness incurred in purchasing the shares. 
 11. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND APPROVAL OF REGULATORY BODIES 
 A. General Requirements . No Option or Stock Award shall be exercisable, no Common Stock shall be issued, no certificates for shares of Common Stock shall be delivered, and no payment shall be made under this Plan except in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations (including, without limitation, withholding tax requirements), any listing agreement to which the Corporation is a party, and the rules of all domestic stock exchanges or quotation systems on which the Corporation s shares may be listed. The Corporation shall have the right to rely on an opinion of its counsel as to such compliance. Any share certificate issued to evidence Common Stock when a Stock Award is granted or for which an Option or Stock Award is exercised may bear such legends and statements as the Administrator may deem advisable to assure compliance with federal and state laws and regulations. No Option or Stock Award shall be exercisable, no Stock Award shall be granted, no Common Stock shall be issued, no certificate for shares shall be delivered, and no payment shall be made under this Plan until the Corporation has obtained such consent or approval as the Administrator may deem advisable from regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such matters. 
 B. Participant Representations . The Administrator may require that a Participant, as a condition to receipt or exercise of a particular award, execute and deliver to the Corporation a written statement, in form satisfactory to the Administrator, in which the Participant represents and warrants that the shares are being acquired for such person s own account, for investment only and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof. The Participant shall, at the request of the Administrator, be required to represent and warrant in writing that any subsequent resale or distribution of shares of Common Stock by the Participant shall be made only pursuant to either (i) a registration statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act of 1933, which registration statement has become effective and is current with regard to the shares being sold, or (ii) a specific exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, but in claiming such exemption the Participant shall, prior to any offer of sale or sale of such shares, obtain a prior favorable written opinion of counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Corporation, as to the application of such exemption thereto. 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 13 - 
 
 C. Financial Reports . At least annually, the Corporation shall furnish its financial statements, including a balance sheet regarding the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations, to stockholders who have received shares under the Plan, Participants and purchasers, unless such persons are key employees whose duties at the Corporation assure them access to equivalent information. Financial statements need not be audited. The filing of the Corporation s annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the EDGAR System shall constitute delivery under this section. 
 D. Restrictions; Securities Listing . All certificates for Shares or other securities delivered under the Plan pursuant to any Award or the exercise thereof shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any applicable federal or state securities laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. If the Shares or other securities are traded on NASDAQ or a securities exchange, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares or other securities covered by an Award unless and until such Shares or other securities have been admitted for trading on NASDAQ or such securities exchange. 
 12. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 A. Effect on Employment and Service . Neither the adoption of this Plan, its operation, nor any documents describing or referring to this Plan (or any part thereof) shall (i) confer upon any individual any right to continue in the employ or service of the Corporation or an Affiliate, (ii) in any way affect any right and power of the Corporation or an Affiliate to change an individual s duties or terminate the employment or service of any individual at any time with or without assigning a reason therefor or (iii) except to the extent the Administrator grants an Option or Stock Award to such individual, confer on any individual the right to participate in the benefits of the Plan. 
 B. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds received by the Corporation from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to this Plan shall be used for general corporate purposes. 
 C. Unfunded Plan . The Plan, insofar as it provides for grants, shall be unfunded, and the Corporation shall not be required to segregate any assets that may at any time be represented by grants under this Plan. Any liability of the Corporation to any person with respect to any grant under this Plan shall be based solely upon any contractual obligations that may be created pursuant to this Plan. No such obligation of the Corporation shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge of, or other encumbrance on, any property of the Corporation. 
 D. Rules of Construction . Headings are given to the Sections of this Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference, and shall not be used in interpreting, construing or enforcing any provision hereof. The reference to any statute, regulation, or other provision of law shall be construed to refer to any amendment to or successor of such provision of law. 
 E. Choice of Law . The Plan and all Stock Option Agreements and Stock Award Agreements entered into under the Plan (except to the extent that any such Stock Option Agreement or Stock Award Agreement otherwise provides) shall be governed by and interpreted 
 PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 14 - 
 
 under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation excluding (to the greatest extent permissible by law) any rule of law that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation. 
 13. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 The Board may amend or terminate this Plan from time to time; provided, however, that with respect to any amendment that (i) increases the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan, (ii) changes the class of employees eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options or (iii) is required by the terms of any applicable law, regulation, or rule, including, without limitation, any rule of The Nasdaq Stock Market, or any national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is publicly traded, each such amendment shall be subject to the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation within twelve (12) months of the date such amendment is adopted by the Board. Except as specifically permitted by the Plan, Stock Option Agreement or Stock Award Agreement or as required to comply with applicable law, regulation or rule, no amendment shall, without a Participant s consent, adversely affect any rights of such Participant under any Option or Stock Award outstanding at the time such amendment is made; provided, however, that an amendment that may cause an Incentive Stock Option to become a Nonqualified Stock Option, and any amendment that is required to comply with the rules applicable to Incentive Stock Options, shall not be treated as adversely affecting the rights of the Participant. 
 14. EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF PLAN 
 A. The Plan became effective as of September 20, 2019, upon adoption by the Board, The Plan shall be submitted for approval within twelve (12) months by the stockholders holding of a majority of the shares of entitled to vote thereon. In the event that the stockholders of the Corporation shall not approve the Plan within such twelve (12) month period, the Plan and any previously granted Incentive Stock Option shall automatically convert to a Nonqualified Stock Option. 
 B. Unless previously terminated, the Plan will terminate ten (10) years after the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders, except that Options and Stock Awards that are granted under the Plan prior to its termination will continue to be administered under the terms of the Plan until the Options and Stock Awards terminate or are exercised. 

PearTrack Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 15 - 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 ex10232021stockincentiveplan.htm
 EX 10.23 2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

Ex 10.23 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 

ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 
 
 2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ENIGMA-BULWARK, LTD. 2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 1. PURPOSE 
 The Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd., 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan is intended to promote the best interests of the Corporation, and its stockholders by (i) assisting the Corporation and its Affiliates in the recruitment and retention of persons with ability and initiative, (ii) providing an incentive to such persons to contribute to the growth and success of the Corporation s businesses by affording such persons equity participation in the Corporation and (iii) associating the interests of such persons with those of the Corporation and its affiliates and stockholders. 
 2. DEFINITIONS 
 As used in this Plan the following definitions shall apply: 
 A. Administrator means the Board or any party to which the Board has delegated any responsibility for the administration of the Plan pursuant to Section 3.A hereof. 
 B. Affiliate means (i) any Subsidiary, (ii) any Parent, (iii) any entity (including, without limitation, a partnership or limited liability company) which is directly or indirectly controlled fifty percent (50 or more (whether by ownership of stock, assets or an equivalent ownership interest or voting interest) by the Corporation or one of its Affiliates, (iv) any other entity in which the Corporation or any of its Affiliates has a material equity interest and which is designated as an Affiliate by resolution of the Administrator, and (v) any entity (including, without limitation, a partnership or limited liability company) which directly or indirectly controls fifty percent (50 or more (whether by ownership of stock, assets or an equivalent ownership interest or voting interest) of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates. 
 C. Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 D. Cause means (i) in the case where the Participant does not have an employment, consulting or similar agreement in effect with the Corporation or its Affiliate at the time of grant of the Option or Stock Award or where there is such an agreement but it does not define cause (or words of like import), conduct related to the Participant s service to the Corporation or an Affiliate for which either criminal or civil penalties against the Participant may be sought, misconduct, insubordination, material violation of Corporation or its Affiliate s policies, disclosing or misusing any confidential information or material concerning the Corporation or any Affiliate or material breach of any employment, consulting agreement or similar agreement, or (ii) in the case where the Participant has an employment agreement, consulting agreement or similar agreement in effect with the Corporation or its Affiliate at the time of grant of the Option or Stock Award that defines a termination for cause (or words of like import), cause as defined in such agreement; provided, however, that with regard to any agreement that defines cause on 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 1 - 
 
 occurrence of or in connection with change of control, such definition of cause shall not apply until a change of control actually occurs and then only with regard to a termination thereafter. 
 E. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and any amendments thereto. 
 F. Common Stock means the common stock, par value .001) par value, of the Corporation. 
 G. Consultant means (i) any person performing consulting or advisory services for the Corporation or any Affiliate, or (ii) a director of an Affiliate. 
 H. Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Corporation or an Affiliate, whether as an employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A Participant s Continuous Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Corporation or an Affiliate as an employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s Continuous Service. The Participant s Continuous Service shall be deemed to have terminated either upon an actual termination or upon the entity for which the Participant is performing services ceasing to be an Affiliate of the Corporation. The Administrator shall determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any leave of absence approved by the Corporation, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave. 
 I. Corporation means Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd., a Nevada corporation. 
 J. Corporation Law means the general corporation law of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation. 
 K. Director means a member of the Board. 
 L. Disability shall mean a physical or mental condition of a Participant that, (i) in the judgment of the Administrator, permanently prevents such Participant from being able to continue to serve actively in a capacity comparable to that in which the Participant served prior to the disability, or (ii) causes the Participant to become eligible for long-term disability benefits under any long-term disability insurance plan then in effect with the Corporation or its Affiliate. 
 M. Eligible Person means an employee (including officers) of the Corporation or an Affiliate (including an entity that becomes an Affiliate after the adoption of this Plan), a Director or a Consultant to the Corporation or an Affiliate (including an entity that becomes an Affiliate after the adoption of this Plan) . 
 N. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 O. Fair Market Value means, on any given date, the current fair market value of the shares of Common Stock as determined as follows: 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 2 - 
 
 (i) If the Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock, is listed on a national securities exchange or on the OTC Markets, the closing price for the day of determination as quoted on such market or exchange which is the primary market or exchange for trading of the Common Stock or if no trading occurs on such date, the last day on which trading occurred, or such other appropriate date as determined by the Administrator in its discretion, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; 
 (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, its Fair Market Value shall be the mean between the high and the low asked prices for the Common Stock for the day of determination; or 
 (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Administrator in good faith. 
 P. Incentive Stock Option means an Option (or portion thereof) intended to qualify for special tax treatment under Section 422 of the Code. 
 Q. Non-exempt Employee means an employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate who is a non-exempt employee under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938. 
 R. Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option (or portion thereof) which is not intended or does not for any reason qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 S. Option means any option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under this Plan. 
 T. Parent means any corporation (other than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Corporation if each of the corporations (other than the Corporation) owns stock possessing at least fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 U. Participant means an Eligible Person who is selected by the Administrator to receive an Option or Stock Award and is party to any Stock Option Agreement or Stock Award Agreement required by the terms of such Option or Stock Award. 
 V. Plan means this Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 W. Restricted Stock Award means an award of Common Stock under Section 7.A. 
 X. Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 as amended. 
 Y. Stock Award means a Restricted Stock Award or Stock Appreciation Right. 
 Z. Stock Appreciation Right means an award of a right of the Participant to receive a payment in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.B. 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 3 - 
 
 AA. Stock Award Agreement means an agreement (written or electronic) between the Corporation and a Participant setting forth the specific terms and conditions of a Stock Award granted to the Participant under Section 7. Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and shall include such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall authorize. 
 BB. Stock Option Agreement means an agreement (written or electronic) between the Corporation and a Participant setting forth the specific terms and conditions of an Option granted to the Participant. Each Stock Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and shall include such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall authorize. 
 CC. Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Corporation if each of the corporations (other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain) owns stock possessing at least fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 DD. Ten Percent Owner means any Eligible Person owning at the time an Option is granted more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Corporation or of an Affiliate. An individual shall, in accordance with Section 424(d) of the Code, be considered to own any voting stock owned (directly or indirectly) by or for his brothers, sisters, spouse, ancestors and lineal descendants and any voting stock owned (directly or indirectly) by or for a corporation, partnership, estate, trust or other entity shall be considered as being owned proportionately by or for its stockholders, partners or beneficiaries. 
 3. ADMINISTRATION 
 A. Delegation of Administration. The Board shall be the sole Administrator of the Plan unless the Board delegates all or any portion of its authority to administer the Plan to another Administrator. To the extent not prohibited by the charter or bylaws of the Corporation, the Board may delegate all or a portion of its authority to administer the Plan to a committee of the Board appointed by the Board and constituted in compliance with the Corporation Law. If permitted by the Corporation Law, and not prohibited by the charter or bylaws of the Corporation, the Board may also delegate all or a portion of its authority to administer the Plan to an officer or officers of the Corporation designated by the Board. 
 B. Powers of the Administrator . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and, in the case of an Administrator other than the Board, subject at all times to the terms and conditions of the delegation of authority from the Board, the Administrator shall have the authority to implement, interpret and administer the Plan. Such authority shall include, without limitation, the authority: 
 (i) To construe and interpret all provisions of this Plan and all Stock Option Agreements and Stock Award Agreements under this Plan. 
 (ii) To determine the Fair Market Value of Common Stock. 
 (iii) To select the Eligible Persons to whom Options or Stock Awards, are granted from time to time hereunder. 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 4 - 
 
 (iv) To determine the number of shares of Common Stock covered by an Option or Stock Award; determine whether an Option shall be an Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified Stock Option; and determine such other terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of each such Option or Stock Award. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price of an Option, purchase price of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award, the time or times when Options or Stock Awards may be exercised or Common Stock issued thereunder, the right of the Corporation to repurchase Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option or a Stock Award and other restrictions or limitations (in addition to those contained in the Plan) on the forfeitability or transferability of Options, Stock Awards or Common Stock issued upon exercise of an Option or pursuant to a Stock Award. Such terms may include conditions shall be as determined by the Administrator and need not be uniform with respect to Participants. 
 (v) To determine whether and under what circumstances an Option may be settled in cash, shares of Common Stock or other property under Section 6.H instead of Common Stock. 
 (vi) To amend, cancel, extend, renew, accept the surrender of, modify or accelerate the vesting of or lapse of restrictions on all or any portion of an outstanding Option or Stock Award; to determine the time at which a Stock Award or Common Stock issued under the Plan may become transferable or nonforfeitable; and to reduce the exercise price of any Option. 
 (vii) To prescribe the form of Stock Option Agreements and Stock Award Agreements; to adopt policies and procedures for the exercise of Options or Stock Awards, including the satisfaction of withholding obligations; to adopt, amend, and rescind policies and procedures pertaining to the administration of the Plan; and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan. Any decision made, or action taken, by the Administrator or in connection with the administration of this Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons having an interest in the Plan. 
 C. Administration When Common Stock is Publicly Traded . On and following the date on which the Corporation has a class of equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Act, the Administrator authorized by the Board to administer the Plan shall, if so determined by the Board, consist solely of two (2) or more Non-Employee Directors (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act); provided that the Board may delegate administrative authority with respect to Eligible Persons who are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act to a committee of other than Non-Employee Directors. 
 4. ELIGIBILITY 
 A. Eligibility for Awards . Nonqualified Stock Options and Stock Awards may be granted to any Eligible Person selected by the Administrator. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary. 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 5 - 
 
 B. Substitution Awards . The Administrator may make Stock Awards and may grant Options under the Plan by assumption, substitution or replacement of performance shares, phantom shares, stock awards, stock options, stock appreciation rights or similar awards granted by another entity (including an Affiliate), if such assumption, substitution or replacement is connection with an asset acquisition, stock acquisition, merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving the Corporation (and/or its Affiliate) and such other entity (and/or its affiliate). Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan (other than the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan), the terms of such assumed, substituted or replaced Stock Awards or Options shall be as the Administrator, in its discretion, determines is appropriate. 
 5. COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN 
 A. Share Reserve . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be (i) issued under this Plan pursuant to the exercise of Options, (ii) issued pursuant to Restricted Stock Awards, and (iii) covered by Stock Appreciation Rights is twenty million (20,000,000) shares. 
 B. Reversion of Shares . If an Option or Stock Award is terminated, expires or becomes unexercisable, in whole or in part, for any reason, the unissued or unpurchased shares of Common Stock (or shares subject to an unexercised Stock Appreciation Right) which were subject thereto shall become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares of Common Stock that have been actually issued under the Plan shall not be returned to the share reserve for future grants under the Plan; except that shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award which are repurchased by the Corporation at the original purchase price of such shares, shall be returned to the share reserve for future grant under the Plan. 
 C. Source of Shares . Common Stock issued under the Plan may be shares of authorized and unissued Common Stock or shares of previously issued Common Stock that have been reacquired by the Corporation. 
 6. OPTIONS 
 A. Award . In accordance with the provisions of Section 4, the Administrator will designate each Eligible Person to whom an Option is to be granted and will specify the number of shares of Common Stock covered by such Option. The Stock Option Agreement shall specify whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified Stock Option, the vesting schedule applicable to such Option and any other terms of such Option. No Option that is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be invalid for failure to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 B. Exercise Price . The exercise price per share for Common Stock subject to an Option shall be determined by the Administrator. The exercise price per share for Common Stock subject to an Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant. 
 C. Maximum Option Period . The maximum period during which an Option may be exercised shall be determined by the Administrator on the date of grant, except that no Option that is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 6 - 
 
 from the date such Option was granted. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Participant who is or is deemed to be a Ten Percent Owner on the date of grant, such Option shall not be exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. The terms of any Option that is an Incentive Stock Option may provide that it is exercisable for a period less than such maximum period. 
 D. Maximum Value of Options which are Incentive Stock Options . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted to any person are exercisable for the first time during any calendar year (under all stock option plans of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or Parent) exceeds 100,000 (or such other amount provided in Section 422 of the Code), the Options are not Incentive Stock Options. For purposes of this section, the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock will be determined as of the time the Incentive Stock Option with respect to the Common Stock is granted. This section will be applied by taking Incentive Stock Options into account in the order in which they are granted. 
 E. Non-transferability . Options granted under this Plan which are intended to be Incentive Stock Options shall be nontransferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and during the lifetime of the Participant shall be exercisable by only the Participant to whom the Incentive Stock Option is granted. If the Stock Option Agreement so provides or the Administrator so approves, a Nonqualified Stock Option may be transferred by a Participant to the Participant s children, stepchildren, grandchildren, spouse, one or more trusts for the benefit of such family members or a partnership in which such family members are the only partners; provided, however, that Participant may not receive any consideration for the transfer. The holder of a Nonqualified Stock Option transferred pursuant to this section shall be bound by the same terms and conditions that governed the Option during the period that it was held by the Participant. Except to the extent transferability of a Nonqualified Stock Option is provided for in the Stock Option Agreement or is approved by the Administrator, during the lifetime of the Participant to whom the Nonqualified Stock Option is granted, such Option may be exercised only by the Participant. No right or interest of a Participant in any Option shall be liable for, or subject to, any lien, obligation, or liability of such Participant. 
 F. Vesting and Termination of Continuous Service . Except as provided in a Stock Option Agreement, the following rules shall apply: 
 (i) Options will vest as provided in the Stock Option Agreement. An Option will be exercisable only to the extent that it is vested on the date of exercise. Vesting of an Option will cease on the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service and the Option will be exercisable only to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination of Continuous Service. 
 (ii) In the case of Options intended to be Qualified Options: 
 a. Options Granted to Employees . An Option granted to a Participant who is not a Consultant or an officer or director of the Corporation, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be exercisable at the minimum rate of thirty three percent (33 per year for each of the first three (3) years 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 7 - 
 
 starting from the date of grant, subject to reasonable conditions such as continued service. 
 b. Options Granted to Outside Directors, Consultants or Officers . An Option granted to a Participant who is a Consultant or an officer or Director of the Corporation, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be exercisable at any time or during any period established by the Board, subject to reasonable conditions such as continued service. 
 (iii) If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is for reason of death or Disability, the right to exercise the Option (to the extent vested) will expire on the earlier of (i) one (1) year after the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, or (ii) the expiration date under the terms of the Agreement. Until the expiration date, the Participant s heirs, legatees or legal representative may exercise the Option, except to the extent the Option was previously transferred pursuant to Section 6.E. 
 (iv) If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is an involuntary termination without Cause or a voluntary termination (other than a voluntary termination described in Section 6.F.(v)), the right to exercise the Option (to the extent that it is vested) will expire on the earlier of (i) ninety days (90) after the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, or (ii) the expiration date under the terms of the Agreement. If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is an involuntary termination without Cause or a voluntary termination (other than a voluntary termination described in Section 6.F.(v)) and the Participant dies after his or her termination of Continuous Service but before the right to exercise the Option has expired, the right to exercise the Option (to the extent vested) shall expire on the earlier of (i) one (1) year after the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service or (ii) the date the Option expires under the terms of the Stock Option Agreement, and, until expiration, the Participant s heirs, legatees or legal representative may exercise the Option, except to the extent the Option was previously transferred pursuant to Section 6.E. 
 (v) If the Participant s termination of Continuous Service is for Cause or is a voluntary termination at any time after an event which would be grounds for termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for Cause, the right to exercise the Option shall expire as of the date of the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 
 G. Exercise . An Option shall be exercised by completion, execution and delivery of notice (written or electronic) to Corporation of the Option which states (i) the Option holder s intent to exercise the Option, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Option is being exercised, (iii) such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Corporation and (iv) the method for satisfying any applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 9. Such notice of exercise shall be provided on such form or by such method as the Administrator may designate, and payment of the exercise price shall be made in accordance with Section 6.H. Subject to the provisions of this Plan and the applicable Stock Option Agreement, an Option may be exercised to the extent vested in whole at any time or in part from time to time at such times and in compliance with such requirements as the Administrator shall determine. A 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 8 - 
 
 partial exercise of an Option shall not affect the right to exercise the Option from time to time in accordance with this Plan and the applicable Stock Option Agreement with respect to the remaining shares subject to the Option. An Option may not be exercised with respect to fractional shares of Common Stock. 
 H. Payment . Unless otherwise provided by the Stock Option Agreement, payment of the exercise price for an Option shall be made in cash or a cash equivalent acceptable to the Administrator. With the consent of the Administrator, payment of all or part of the exercise price of an Option may also be made (i) by surrendering shares of Common Stock to the Corporation that have been held for at least six (6) months prior to the date of exercise, (ii) if the Common Stock is traded on an established securities market, the Administrator may approve payment of the exercise price by a broker-dealer or by the Option holder with cash advanced by the broker-dealer if the exercise notice is accompanied by the Option holder s written irrevocable instructions to deliver the Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Option to the broker-dealer, or (iii) any other method acceptable to the Administrator. If Common Stock is used to pay all or part of the exercise price, the sum of the cash or cash equivalent and the Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of exercise) of the shares surrendered must not be less than the exercise price of the shares for which the Option is being exercised. If all or part of the exercise price is to be paid with a promissory note, the par value of the Common Stock, if newly issued, shall be paid in cash or cash equivalents. The shares received upon exercise of the Option shall be pledged as security for payment of the principal amount of the promissory note and interest thereon and the interest rate payable under the terms of the promissory note shall not be less than the minimum rate (if any) required to avoid the imputation of additional interest under the Code. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrator (at its sole discretion) shall specify the term, interest rate, amortization requirements (if any) and other provisions of such note. 
 I. Stockholder Rights . No Participant shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to shares subject to an Option until the date of exercise of such Option and the certificate for shares of Common Stock to be received on exercise of such Option has been issued by the Corporation. 
 J. Disposition . A Participant shall notify the Corporation of any sale or other disposition of Common Stock acquired pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option if such sale or disposition occurs (i) within two years of the grant of an Option or (ii) within one year of the issuance of the Common Stock to the Participant. Such notice shall be in writing and directed to the Secretary of the Corporation. 
 7. STOCK AWARDS 
 A. Restricted Stock Awards . Each Stock Award Agreement for a Restricted Stock Award shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of the Stock Award Agreements for Restricted Stock Awards may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Awards need not be identical, but each Restricted Stock Award shall include (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by references in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions. 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 9 - 
 
 (i) Purchase Price . The purchase price, if any, of restricted stock awards shall be determined by the Administrator. The purchase price of shares offered under the Plan for shares intended to be covered shall not be less than eighty-five percent (85 of the Fair Market Value of such shares; provided, however, if the purchaser is a Ten-Percent Owner, the purchase price shall not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of such shares. 
 (ii) Consideration . The purchase price, if any, of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award shall be paid either: (i) in cash at the time of purchase; (ii) at the discretion of the Administrator, according to a deferred payment or other similar arrangement with the Participant; or (iii) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Administrator in its discretion; provided, however, that payment of the Common Stock s par value shall not be made by deferred payment. 
 (iii) Vesting . Shares of Common Stock acquired under a Restricted Stock Award may, but need not, be subject to a share repurchase option in favor of the Corporation in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Administrator. 
 (iv) Participant s Termination of Service . In the event of a Participant s termination of Continuous Service, the Corporation, if so provided in the Stock Award Agreement, may repurchase or otherwise reacquire any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not vested as of the date of termination under the terms of the Stock Award Agreement for such Restricted Stock Award. 
 (v) Transferability . Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under a Restricted Stock Award shall be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Stock Award Agreement for such Restricted Stock Award, as the Administrator shall determine in its discretion, so long as Common Stock granted under the Restricted Stock Award remains subject to the terms of the Stock Award Agreement. 
 B. Stock Appreciation Rights . Each Stock Award Agreement for Stock Appreciation Rights shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Stock Appreciation Rights need not be identical, but each Stock Appreciation Right shall include (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 (i) Benefit Provided . Each Stock Appreciation Right shall provide the Participant with the right to receive payment in cash or shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, as designated in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Appreciation Rights, of an amount equal to the difference between the base amount provided for each share of Common Stock as described in the Stock Award Agreement and the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of exercise of such Stock Appreciation Right. 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 10 - 
 
 (ii) Tandem Awards . Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted either alone or a tandem with other awards, including Options, under the Plan; provided, however, if that Stock Appreciation Rights are granted in tandem with another Stock Award, the base amount provided for each share of Common Stock in the applicable Stock Award Agreement shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of grant of such Stock Award. 
 (iii) Vesting . The Stock Award Agreement for a Stock Appreciation Right shall provide the vesting schedule applicable to such award and may, but need not, provide that shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercising a Stock Appreciation Right are subject to a repurchase option in favor of the Corporation. 
 (iv) Participant s Termination of Service . In the event of a Participant s termination of Continuous Service, the Corporation may repurchase or otherwise reacquire any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not vested as of the date of termination under the terms of the Stock Appreciation Right. 
 (v) Transferability . Rights to acquire cash or shares of Common Stock under a Stock Appreciation Rights shall be nontransferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and during the lifetime of the Participant shall be exercisable by only the Participant to whom the Stock Appreciation Rights are granted. 
 8. CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
 A. No Limitations of Rights . The existence of outstanding Options or Stock Awards shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Corporation or its stockholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations or other changes in the Corporation s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of the Corporation, or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Common Stock or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 B. Changes in Capitalization . If the Corporation shall effect a subdivision or consolidation of shares or other capital readjustment, the payment of a stock dividend, or other increase or reduction of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding, without receiving consideration therefore in money, services or property, then (i) the number, class, and per share price of shares of Common Stock subject to outstanding Options and Stock Awards hereunder and (ii) the number and class of shares then reserved for issuance under the Plan and the maximum number of shares for which awards may be granted to a Participant during a specified time period shall be appropriately and proportionately adjusted. The conversion of convertible securities of the Corporation shall not be treated as effected without receiving consideration. The Administrator shall make such adjustments, and its determinations shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 C. Merger, Consolidation or Asset Sale . If the Corporation is merged or consolidated with another entity or sells or otherwise disposes of substantially all of its assets to another entity 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 11 - 
 
 while Options or Stock Awards remain outstanding under the Plan, unless provisions are made in connection with such transaction for the continuance of the Plan and/or the assumption or substitution of such Options or Stock Awards with new options or stock awards covering the stock of the successor entity, or parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices, then all outstanding Options and Stock Awards which have not been continued, assumed or for which a substituted award has not been granted shall, whether or not vested or then exercisable, vest immediately as of the effective date of any such merger, consolidation or sale. 
 D. Limitation on Adjustment . Except as previously expressly provided, neither the issuance by the Corporation of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, for cash or property, or for labor or services either upon direct sale or upon the exercise of rights or warrants to subscribe therefor, or upon conversion of shares or obligations of the Corporation convertible into such shares or other securities, nor the increase or decrease of the number of authorized shares of stock, nor the addition or deletion of classes of stock, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number, class or price of shares of Common Stock then subject to outstanding Options or Stock Awards. 
 9. WITHHOLDING OF TAXES 
 The Corporation or an Affiliate shall have the right, before any certificate for any Common Stock is delivered, to deduct or withhold from any payment owed to a Participant any amount that is necessary in order to satisfy any withholding requirement that the Corporation or Affiliate in good faith believes is imposed upon it in connection with Federal, state, or local taxes, including transfer taxes, as a result of the issuance of, or lapse of restrictions on, such Common Stock, or otherwise require such Participant to make provision for payment of any such withholding amount. Subject to such conditions as may be established by the Administrator, the Administrator may permit a Participant to (i) have Common Stock otherwise issuable under an Option or Stock Award withheld to the extent necessary to comply with minimum statutory withholding rate requirements for supplemental income, (ii) tender back to the Corporation shares of Common Stock received pursuant to an Option or Stock Award to the extent necessary to comply with minimum statutory withholding rate requirements for supplemental income, (iii) deliver to the Corporation previously acquired Common Stock, (iv) have funds withheld from payments of wages, salary or other cash compensation due the Participant, or (v) pay the Corporation or its Affiliate in cash, in order to satisfy part or all of the obligations for any taxes required to be withheld or otherwise deducted and paid by the Corporation or its Affiliate with respect to the Option or Stock Award. 
 10. REPURCHASE RIGHTS 
 The Corporation shall have the right to repurchase shares that have been acquired through an award or sale of shares or exercise of an Option upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service if provided in the applicable Stock Award Agreement or Stock Option Agreement. Subject to the following restrictions, the Board in its sole discretion shall determine when the right to repurchase shall lapse as to all or any portion of the shares, and may, in its discretion, provide for accelerated vesting. With respect to a stock award intended to be a Qualified Option, the following restrictions shall apply in the case of a Participant who is not a 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 12 - 
 
 Consultant or an officer or director of the Corporation, a Parent or Subsidiary: 
 A. Repurchase Price . If the Corporation retains a right to repurchase the shares at the original purchase price or exercise price, then such repurchase right shall lapse at the minimum rate of twenty percent (20 per year over the five (5) year period starting on the date of the award or sale of shares or grant of the Option. 
 B. Exercise of Repurchase Right . The Corporation s right of repurchase under this Section 10 may be exercised only within ninety (90) days of the date on which the Participant s Continuous Service terminates or, if the Participant acquired the shares upon exercise of an Option after the date of termination, within ninety (90) days from the date of exercise. 
 C. Payment of Repurchase Price . The Corporation shall pay the repurchase price in cash, cash equivalents or for cancellation of indebtedness incurred in purchasing the shares. 
 11. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND APPROVAL OF REGULATORY BODIES 
 A. General Requirements . No Option or Stock Award shall be exercisable, no Common Stock shall be issued, no certificates for shares of Common Stock shall be delivered, and no payment shall be made under this Plan except in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations (including, without limitation, withholding tax requirements), any listing agreement to which the Corporation is a party, and the rules of all domestic stock exchanges or quotation systems on which the Corporation s shares may be listed. The Corporation shall have the right to rely on an opinion of its counsel as to such compliance. Any share certificate issued to evidence Common Stock when a Stock Award is granted or for which an Option or Stock Award is exercised may bear such legends and statements as the Administrator may deem advisable to assure compliance with federal and state laws and regulations. No Option or Stock Award shall be exercisable, no Stock Award shall be granted, no Common Stock shall be issued, no certificate for shares shall be delivered, and no payment shall be made under this Plan until the Corporation has obtained such consent or approval as the Administrator may deem advisable from regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such matters. 
 B. Participant Representations . The Administrator may require that a Participant, as a condition to receipt or exercise of a particular award, execute and deliver to the Corporation a written statement, in form satisfactory to the Administrator, in which the Participant represents and warrants that the shares are being acquired for such person s own account, for investment only and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof. The Participant shall, at the request of the Administrator, be required to represent and warrant in writing that any subsequent resale or distribution of shares of Common Stock by the Participant shall be made only pursuant to either (i) a registration statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act of 1933, which registration statement has become effective and is current with regard to the shares being sold, or (ii) a specific exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, but in claiming such exemption the Participant shall, prior to any offer of sale or sale of such shares, obtain a prior favorable written opinion of counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Corporation, as to the application of such exemption thereto. 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 13 - 
 
 C. Financial Reports . At least annually, the Corporation shall furnish its financial statements, including a balance sheet regarding the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations, to stockholders who have received shares under the Plan, Participants and purchasers, unless such persons are key employees whose duties at the Corporation assure them access to equivalent information. Financial statements need not be audited. The filing of the Corporation s annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the EDGAR System shall constitute delivery under this section. 
 D. Restrictions; Securities Listing . All certificates for Shares or other securities delivered under the Plan pursuant to any Award or the exercise thereof shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any applicable federal or state securities laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. If the Shares or other securities are traded on NASDAQ or a securities exchange, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares or other securities covered by an Award unless and until such Shares or other securities have been admitted for trading on NASDAQ or such securities exchange. 
 12. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 A. Effect on Employment and Service . Neither the adoption of this Plan, its operation, nor any documents describing or referring to this Plan (or any part thereof) shall (i) confer upon any individual any right to continue in the employ or service of the Corporation or an Affiliate, (ii) in any way affect any right and power of the Corporation or an Affiliate to change an individual s duties or terminate the employment or service of any individual at any time with or without assigning a reason therefor or (iii) except to the extent the Administrator grants an Option or Stock Award to such individual, confer on any individual the right to participate in the benefits of the Plan. 
 B. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds received by the Corporation from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to this Plan shall be used for general corporate purposes. 
 C. Unfunded Plan . The Plan, insofar as it provides for grants, shall be unfunded, and the Corporation shall not be required to segregate any assets that may at any time be represented by grants under this Plan. Any liability of the Corporation to any person with respect to any grant under this Plan shall be based solely upon any contractual obligations that may be created pursuant to this Plan. No such obligation of the Corporation shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge of, or other encumbrance on, any property of the Corporation. 
 D. Rules of Construction . Headings are given to the Sections of this Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference, and shall not be used in interpreting, construing or enforcing any provision hereof. The reference to any statute, regulation, or other provision of law shall be construed to refer to any amendment to or successor of such provision of law. 
 E. Choice of Law . The Plan and all Stock Option Agreements and Stock Award Agreements entered into under the Plan (except to the extent that any such Stock Option Agreement or Stock Award Agreement otherwise provides) shall be governed by and interpreted 
 Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 14 - 
 
 under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation excluding (to the greatest extent permissible by law) any rule of law that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation. 
 13. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 The Board may amend or terminate this Plan from time to time; provided, however, that with respect to any amendment that (i) increases the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan, (ii) changes the class of employees eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options or (iii) is required by the terms of any applicable law, regulation, or rule, including, without limitation, any rule of The Nasdaq Stock Market, or any national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is publicly traded, each such amendment shall be subject to the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation within twelve (12) months of the date such amendment is adopted by the Board. Except as specifically permitted by the Plan, Stock Option Agreement or Stock Award Agreement or as required to comply with applicable law, regulation or rule, no amendment shall, without a Participant s consent, adversely affect any rights of such Participant under any Option or Stock Award outstanding at the time such amendment is made; provided, however, that an amendment that may cause an Incentive Stock Option to become a Nonqualified Stock Option, and any amendment that is required to comply with the rules applicable to Incentive Stock Options, shall not be treated as adversely affecting the rights of the Participant. 
 14. EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF PLAN 
 A. The Plan became effective as of January 15, 2021, upon adoption by the Board, The Plan shall be submitted for approval within twelve (12) months by the stockholders holding of a majority of the shares of entitled to vote thereon. In the event that the stockholders of the Corporation shall not approve the Plan within such twelve (12) month period, the Plan and any previously granted Incentive Stock Option shall automatically convert to a Nonqualified Stock Option. 
 B. Unless previously terminated, the Plan will terminate ten (10) years after the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders, except that Options and Stock Awards that are granted under the Plan prior to its termination will continue to be administered under the terms of the Plan until the Options and Stock Awards terminate or are exercised. 

Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 15 - 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 5
 ex231auditorconsent.htm
 EX 23.1 AUDITOR CONSENT

Ex 23.1 Auditor Consent-Assurance 

Ex 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS 

We consent to the use, in the statement on Form 10-K of Enigma-Bulwark Ltd., (formerly PearTrack Security Systems, Inc.) for the year ended December 31, 2016, of our report dated June 6, 2023, on our audit of the financial statements of Enigma-Bulwark Ltd, (formerly PearTrack Security Systems, Inc.) as of December 31, 2016, and for the year then ended, and the reference to us under the caption Experts . 

/s/ Assurance Dimensions 
 
 Assurance Dimensions 
 
 Margate, Florida 

June 6, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-23>
 6
 ex232auditorconsent.htm
 EX 23.2 AUDITOR CONSENT

Ex 23.2 Auditor Consent-Banerjee 

Ex 23.2 
 
 This consent is being issued based upon PCAOB Rule 2107(b)(1). 
 
 Dave Banerjee CPA, an Accountancy Corporation is no longer in existence and has been closed. 
 
 Dave Banerjee CPA's California license has been in retired status for over 3 years. 
 
 Therefore, on behalf of as the sole shareholder of the now closed firm, and with a retired CPA license, I make the following consent: 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the use, in the statement on Form 10-K of Enigma-Bulwark Ltd., (formerly PearTrack Security Systems, Inc.) for the year ended December 31, 2016, of our report dated May 17, 2016, on our audit of the financial statements of Enigma-Bulwark Ltd, (formerly PearTrack Security Systems, Inc.) as of December 31, 2015, and for the year then ended, and the reference to us under the caption Experts . 
 
 Dave Banerjee CPA, an Accountancy Corporation 
 Dave Banerjee, CPA, An Accountancy Corporation 
 Woodland Hil1s, CA 

May 31, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 ex311section302certceo.htm
 EX 31.1 SEC 302 CERT-CEO

Ex 31.1 Sec 302 Cert-CEO 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Clive Oosthuzien., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Clive Oosthuzien . 
 Clive Oosthuzien 
 President and CEO 
 
 June 6, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 ex312section302certcfo.htm
 EX 31.2 SEC 302 CERT-CFO

Ex 31.2 Sec 302 Cert-CFO 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Calli Bucci, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Calli Bucci 
 Calli Bucci 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 June 6, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 ex321section906certceo.htm
 EX 32.1 SEC 906 CERT-CEO

Ex 32.1 Sec 906 Cert-CEO 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Clive Oosthuzien., hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. for the period ended December 31, 2016 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 

/s/ Clive Oosthuzien 
 Clive Oosthuzien 
 President and CEO 
 
 June 6, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. and will be retained by Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 ex322section906certcfo.htm
 EX 32.2 SEC 906 CERT-CFO

Ex 32.2 Sec 906 Cert-CFO 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Calli Bucci, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. for the period ended December 31, 2016 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. 

/s/ Calli Bucci 
 Calli Bucci 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 June 6, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. and will be retained by Enigma-Bulwark, Ltd. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ebwk-20161231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ebwk-20161231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ebwk-20161231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ebwk-20161231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 ebwk-20161231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

