<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1499785_0001213900-23-030342.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4730748</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>186935</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1005211</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1042716</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1213338</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1160857</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030342.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417173026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030342
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tengjun Biotechnology Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001499785
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				273042462
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-169397
		FILM NUMBER:		23824915

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FOOD INDUSTRY ECONOMIC AND TECHNOLOGY
		STREET 2:		DEVELOPMENT DISTRICT
		CITY:			JINING, SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			214028
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8613909840703

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FOOD INDUSTRY ECONOMIC AND TECHNOLOGY
		STREET 2:		DEVELOPMENT DISTRICT
		CITY:			JINING, SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			214028

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Herb Group Holdings Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120717

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Island Radio, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030342.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_tengjunbio.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission File Number: 333-169397 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, Shandong Province, 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12
(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 Not applicable 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If the securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of
the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was
approximately . 

The number of shares of the Registrant s
common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 31, 2023, was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: NONE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 8 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 22 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 
 22 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 23 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 
 24 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 24 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 28 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 29 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 29 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 
 30 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 30 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 31 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 33 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 33 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 34 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 35 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 36 

Items 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 36 
 
 Signatures 
 
 37 

i 

PART I 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

There are statements in this report that are not
historical facts. These forward-looking statements can be identified by use of terminology such as believe, 
 hope, may, anticipate, should, intend, plan, will, 
 expect, estimate, project, positioned, strategy and similar expressions.
You should be aware that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control. For
a discussion of these risks, you should read this entire report carefully, especially the risks discussed under the section entitled Risk
Factors. Although management believes that the assumptions underlying the forward looking statements included in this report are
reasonable, they do not guarantee our future performance, and actual results could differ from those contemplated by these forward looking
statements. The assumptions used for purposes of the forward-looking statements specified in the following information represent estimates
of future events and are subject to uncertainty as to possible changes in economic, legislative, industry, and other circumstances. As
a result, the identification and interpretation of data and other information and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from
and among reasonable alternatives require the exercise of judgment. To the extent that the assumed events do not occur, the outcome may
vary substantially from anticipated or projected results, and, accordingly, no opinion is expressed on the achievability of those forward-looking
statements. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the results and events contemplated by
the forward-looking statements contained in this report will in fact transpire. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements. 

As used in this Annual Report, unless otherwise
noted, references to the Company , we , our or us means Tengjun Biotechnology Corp. unless
the context clearly requires otherwise. 

ITEM. 1 BUSINESS 

Corporate History and Structure 

We were incorporated on June 28, 2010 in the State
of Nevada under the name Island Radio, Inc. and changed our name to China Herb Group Holdings Corporation 
effective July 17, 2012. On December 9, 2019, the Company changed its corporate name to Tengjun Biotechnology Corp. As a
Nevada holding company, and not a Chinese operating company, Tengjun Biotechnology Corp. Tengjun , the Company ,
 we or us operates primarily through its PRC subsidiaries in China and this structure involves unique risks
to the investors. We conduct business primarily in mainland China and as a result are subject to mainland Chinese law. There are legal
and operational risks associated with having operations in mainland China. The Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow this direct
ownership structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or a material change in the value of the securities
we are registering for sale, including that it could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Doing Business in the PRC . 

On June 27, 2012, Eric R. Boyer and Nina Edstrom
(collectively, the Sellers ), who were then the major shareholders of the Company, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
with Chin Yung Kong, Qiuping Lu and Fumin Feng (collectively, the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Sellers sold to the
Purchasers an aggregate 4,000,000 shares of the common stock of the Company, which represented approximately 93 of the then total issued
and outstanding stock of the Company, for a total purchase price of 159,970 (the Change in Control ). As result of this
share purchase transaction, Chin Yung Kong, Qiuping Lu and Fumin Feng became the controlling shareholders of the Company. 

The Company s original business plan was
to become a commercial FM radio broadcaster. Subsequently, following the Change in Control, the Company changed its business plan and
intended to become a medical and spa company with a focus on Asia. However, after consultation with its professional and business advisors
in the United States and the People s Republic of China, the Company s management decided during the third quarter of 2014
that this would no longer be its plan of operations. The Company s plan of operations was to evaluate various industries as well
as geographic and market opportunities. This has taken the form of a Share Exchange Agreement (defined below). 

Acquisitions/Business Combinations 

On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into
a Share Purchase/Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with Tengjunxiang Biotechnology Ltd. (the Target ),
a Cayman Islands corporation, and the Target s eleven shareholders (the Selling Shareholders ): Min Xing Biotechnolgy
Ltd, Pastoral Technology Co., Ltd., Shu Zhilin Trading Co., Ltd., Teng Rui Xiang Bio-Tech Ltd., Aihua Trading Co., Ltd, Rock Climbing
Technology, Langtaosha Trading Co., Ltd., Min Cheng Biotechnology Ltd, Kangfan Technology Co., Ltd., Chaorong Technology Co., Ltd., and
Shengrui Biotechnology Co., Ltd. In accordance with the Share Exchange Agreement, on December 23, 2021, the Selling Shareholders collectively
sold and transferred 500,000,000 ordinary shares of the Target, constituting one hundred percent (100 of the issued and outstanding
share capital of the Target, to the Company in exchange for 19,285,714 shares of Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share
(the Tengjun Shares ), at an agreed price of 0.19 per share of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock for a total valuation of 3,675,000 of the Target. 

1 

In connection with the acquisition of the Target
pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company entered into the Chinese tea and water purifier business through its newly acquired
subsidiary, the Target Company, which owns four corporate entities: (i) Tengjunxiang Biotechnology HK Limited Tengjun HK ),
a company formed in Hong Kong and wholly owned by the Target, (ii) Shandong Minfu Biotechnology Co., Ltd. WFOE ), a wholly
foreign owned entity formed under the laws of China and wholly owned by Tengjun HK, (iii) Shandong Tengjunxiang Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Shangdong Tengjunxiang or Tengjunxiang ), a company formed under the laws of China and 94.95 owned by WFOE,
and (iv) Jinxiang County Kanglong Water Purification Equipment Co. Ltd. Kanglong ), a company formed under the laws of China
and wholly-owned subsidiary of Shandong Tengjunxiang. The parties to this Agreement closed the transaction contemplated therein on December
23, 2021. 

The Target was incorporated on July 19, 2021 under
the laws of the Cayman Islands. The authorized capital stock of the Target is 500,000,000 ordinary shares, all of which were issued and
outstanding prior to the closing of the Acquisition. Shangdong Tengjunxiang, our operating company, was formed on June 27, 2014, under
the laws of China. Promptly after the Closing, the Target shall update the shareholder registration of the Target to effect the Share
Exchange Agreement. The Share Exchange Agreement was signed and agreed by and among all of the shareholders and/or beneficial owners of
the Target, the Target and the Company. 

As a result of the consummation of the Acquisition on December 23,
2021 as discussed above, the Target became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the business of the Target became the business
of the Company. The diagram below illustrates our corporate structure following the Acquisition: 

As of the date hereof, no dividends, distribution
of earnings or other transfers of funds have occurred among Tengjun, Tengjunxiang Biotechnology Ltd. Tengjunxiang Cayman ),
Tengjunxiang Biotechnology HK Ltd. Tengjunxiang HK ), Shandong Minfu Biotechnology Co. Ltd. (the WFOE and
the PRC subsidiaries or the investors of Tengjun. For the foreseeable future, we intend to use earnings for research and development,
to develop new products and to expand our production capacity. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends or distribute any
earnings to our shareholders. To the extent that we may in the future seek to fund the business through distribution, dividends or transfer
of funds among Tengjun, Tengjunxiang Cayman, Tengjunxiang HK, the WFOE and the PRC subsidiaries, any such transfer of funds with PRC subsidiaries
is subject to the PRC governmental regulations. The structure of cash flows within Tengjun, Tengjunxiang Cayman, Tengjunxiang HK, the
WFOE and the PRC subsidiaries and a summary of the applicable regulations is as follows: Within the direct holding structure, the cross-border
transfer of funds within us and our PRC subsidiaries is legal and compliant with the laws and regulations of the PRC. The PRC subsidiaries 
ability to distribute dividends is based upon their distributable earnings. Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay
dividends to their respective shareholders only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. In addition, each of the PRC subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each
year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of each of their registered capitals. These reserves are not
distributable as cash dividends. 

2 

Business Strategy 

Compared with other teas,
dandelion teas enjoy the reputation of having health benefits in China. It is a household concept in China that drinking dandelion teas
may clean the consumers livers and purify their digestion system. We intend to leverage that deep-rooted concept to market its
products to the Chinese consumers. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we through our operating subsidiaries produced only two types of teas, green dandelion tea and black dandelion tea with another line of
business of manufacturing and selling consumer water purifiers. Our tea products are focused on not only their taste but also their aesthetic
presentation and health benefits. We have started official marketing and distribution of our products, and offer our products in certain
flagship stores in China through regional representatives, online stores and WeChat marketing. 

The Company has devoted
substantial resources to establish the entire dandelion production chain, from research and development, plant cultivation, tea leaves
selection, processing, to storing and distributing to the market. Shandong Tengjunxiang, our operating subsidiary in the PRC, was founded
in 2014 and has used the past 8 years to cultivate the dandelion farms, construct its tea manufacturing factory, research and development
center and office buildings. Shandong Tengjunxiang has a wholly-owned subsidiary, Kanglong, which is in the business of design and development
of consumer water purifiers, which are manufactured by our partners and sold by us. 

Our goal is to become
a household brand of dandelion tea in each city where we plan to operate our stores, by selling the finest quality teas and related products,
and by providing customers with premium post-sales services. 

Principal Products 

The Company s main tea products are Mincheng
Black Dandelion Tea and Mincheng Green Dandelion Tea, of various packages and sizes. Company s subsidiary Kanglong focuses on designing
and developing consumer water purifiers which are manufactured by our partners. Sales of such water purifiers by us in the Shandong Province
and other provinces in China by our subsidiary Tengjunxiang made up a substantial portion of the revenue of the Company for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. 

In addition to the featured dandelion teas, we
also are trying to market and distribute Ejiao (donkey hide gelatin candies), other tea products (including Puxichun tea),
packed multigrain porridge, and other nutraceutical products in Shandong Province and other provinces in China. 

Production Process 

The Company has two operating campuses, Tengjunxiang
Campus I and Tengjunxiang Campus II, and one campus under construction. Tengjunxiang Campus I occupies approximately 52.5 acres of land
located in Jining City Food Industry Park. Inside Tengjunxiang Campus I, there is one tea factory of a total 16,000 square meters that
produces green dandelion tea and black dandelion tea. Our factory has received the Quality Management System Certificate, 
 Food Safety Management System Certification and Environmental Management System Certificate issued by Beijing
Shenghui Certification Service Co., Ltd. The Company s factory is equipped with two modern tea production lines, three manual tea
selection lines, one smart packing line having the capacity of producing 6 tons of green dandelion tea and 3 tons of black dandelion tea
on a daily basis. 

Our research center has developed modern processing
techniques to produce dandelion tea in a cost efficient manner. With respect to green dandelion tea production, the selected fresh tea
leaves will go through the following steps: cutting- spreading - transporting- finishing- cooling and transporting- air selecting- spreading
again- transporting- stir roasting- drying- and roasting again. We use a different method to produce dandelion black tea, which involves
cutting- lining and tuning - transporting- spreading and drying- kneading- cutting- transporting to the work station- fermenting- dehydration-
drying- and roasting. Our two tea production lines would require only nine workers in total to monitor and facilitate the production process,
which has saved us a lot of labor costs compared to the conventional labor-intensive tea production process. On the other hand, each of
our three tea selection lines would require approximately 120 workers to operate in its full capacity. 

3 

Competitive Strength 

The Company believes
the following competitive strengths will contribute to the future sales growth: 

Premium Tea Products -
We can produce high quality dandelion green and red teas on a large scale, which can satisfy customers need for freshness, healthiness,
and trendiness in all seasons. 

Focus on Dandelion- We
have shifted our production focus to dandelion teas with firm belief that the Chinese consumers have unmet demands on dandelion products
due to the Chinese herbal medicine concept that dandelion teas have certain health benefits. 

Cost Performance - Because
we can produce tea products on a massive scale from the tea factory, We offer high-quality teas for competitive prices in the Chinese
consumer market. 

Integrated streamline process-
We own and control the entire tea production line, from growing and farming dandelion leaves (from its own farm and local farms with
dandelion purchase arrangements), selecting dandelion leaves, processing dandelion leaves into dandelion teas, packing and storing finished
tea products. 

Dedicated Marketing Team - We are building our experienced and skilled marketing and sales team to distribute our dandelion teas and water purifiers in China. 

High Quality Post-sales
Services- We have trained an experienced and knowledgeable customer service team devoted to consumer post-sales services. 

Sales and Marketing 

We plan to open at least one franchise store in each city, with a goal
to reach 10,000 franchise dandelion tea stores in China. We intend to provide in-depth training to its sales force about its dandelion
tea products, including their health benefits and skills and tips of making dandelion tea. With respect to the supplies of tea products,
the Company intends to use the spoke-hub model whereby each regional hubs would transport and distribute the tea products to local stores
in that region and also collect the returned products. With respect to consumers in Shandong Province where our headquarters are, we have
formed a seven-person sales committee to research and analyze the customers feedback and needs for tea products and then continue
to change and improve the tea products. We expect to leverage the one trademark for the tea products, Mincheng Dandelion 
to further market and sell our teas to provinces outside Shandong. 

For future franchise stores outside Shandong Province,
Company plans to actively monitor and manage the performance of the stores and seek to incorporate information learned through the monitoring
process into its analytic process and future site selection and store retention decisions. 

The Company intends to team up with China s
leading online stores and food ordering and delivery platforms to allow consumers to order its dandelion teas through the Internet. Most
of our tea products are suitable for delivery because of their long shelf life. The black dandelion tea in theory will not expire for
years and the longer it is stored under proper conditions the better the black dandelion tea will taste. 

Business Development
and Turnaround 

In connection
with the acquisition of Tengjunxiang pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company with its subsidiaries commenced its business
operations in processing, packaging, distribution and sale of dandelion teas, producing and sale of water purifiers in China through Tengjunxiang
and its subsidiaries in the People s Republic of China. 

The Company started its
dandelion teas business in 2017. Dandelion teas typically take two to three years to be fermented before drying and packaging for sale.
The Company also developed a new business segment involving the sale of water purifiers with features of energy conservation and environmental
protection. The Company s water purifiers provide the customers with a home water solution system for drinking water, cooking water,
washing water, and sewer water by filtering tap water. 

However, starting in late January 2020, the COVID-19
pandemic triggered a series of lockdowns, social distancing requirements and travel restrictions that had significantly and negatively
affected the business operations of the Company as well as its merchants, business partners and other participants in the Company s
ecosystem. The Company s subsidiaries in China had suspended its normal business operations from early 2020 to late 2021 and could
not make any sales until early 2022. Since January 2022, the Company has resumed its business operations and started to turn around to
generate revenues and be profitable. Especially, the Company s water purifiers have been highly demanded by customers with increased
awareness of water pollution hazard. In response to the strong demand of the market, the Company has timely taken actions to expand its
sales agent team and further promoted the products through its sales network. As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company generated revenue of 150,136,738 and profit of 11,971,674, respectively, as disclosed in the Result of Operations below. The
Company expects that the sales growth momentum in both dandelion teas and water purifier segments will continue in the following years. 

4 

Employees 

As of the date of this report, we had 27 full-time employees who work
primarily from Shandong, China. We have employment contracts with all of our full-time employees in accordance with the relevant PRC laws.
There are no collective bargaining contracts covering any of our full-time employees. We believe our relationship with our full-time employees
is satisfactory. In addition, from time to time, we hire part-time workers for our business operations. 

We have made employee
benefit contributions in accordance with relevant Chinese regulations, including retirement insurance, unemployment insurance, medical
insurance, housing fund, work injury insurance and birth insurance. The Company records a contribution in the general administration expenses
when incurred. 

Intellectual Property 

We rely on a combination of patent, copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect
our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our technology and brand names. Monitoring
unauthorized use of our products and brands is difficult and costly, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent
misappropriation of our technology and brand names, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights
as fully as in the United States. From time to time, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights,
which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. 

In addition, third parties may initiate litigation
against us alleging infringement of their proprietary rights. In the event of a successful claim of infringement and our failure or inability
to develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or similar technology on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. In
addition, even if we are able to license the infringed or similar technology, license fees could be substantial and may adversely affect
our results of operations. See also our discussion of protection of our intellectual property under the Risk Factors. 

As of the date of this
report, the Company, including its subsidiaries, has 18 utility model patents registered in China regarding its water purifiers,
all of which are registered under its subsidiary Kanglong. In addition, the Company, through Shandong Tengjunxiang, owns the trademark
of Mincheng Dandelion (in Chinese) registered with China Intellectual Property Administration. 

Insurance 

As required by laws and
regulations in China, we participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by municipal and provincial governments,
including housing, pension, medical insurance and unemployment insurance programs. Shandong Tengjunxiang, one of our operating subsidiaries,
is required under Chinese law to make contributions to employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain
allowances of its employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time. As of the date of this report,
all of the Company s full-time employees, including the full-time employees of the Company s subsidiaries, are fully covered
by those employee social security plans. 

Seasonality 

The sale of our dandelion
teas (including green and black dandelion teas) is not subject to seasonality in China. In addition, following the abatement of COVID-19,
our consumer water purifiers are not subject to major seasonality trends. We are focusing on marketing and sales of our dandelion teas
and water purifiers as the featured products for the entire company. 

5 

Research and Development 

Producing Dandelion Teas - with our researchers
and skilled technical consultants, Company has developed and put into commercial production two modern tea production lines, one for green
dandelion tea and one for black dandelion tea, both of which have greatly enhanced the efficiency of making dandelion teas. Our research
and development center is dedicated to exploring more health benefits from dandelion plants and producing more commercially appealing
products. 

Licenses, Permits and Regulations 

PRC Legal System 

The PRC legal system is based on the PRC Constitution
and is made up of written laws, regulations and directives. Decided court cases do not constitute binding precedents. 

The National People s Congress of the PRC NPC and the Standing Committee of the NPC are empowered by the PRC Constitution to exercise the legislative power of the
state. The NPC has the power to amend the PRC Constitution and to enact and amend primary laws governing the state organs and civil and
criminal matters. The Standing Committee of the NPC is empowered to interpret, enact and amend laws other than those required to be enacted
by the NPC. 

The State Council of the PRC is the highest organ
of state administration and has the power to enact administrative rules and regulations. Ministries and commissions under the State Council
of the PRC are also vested with the power to issue orders, directives and regulations within the jurisdiction of their respective departments.
Administrative rules, regulations, directives and orders promulgated by the State Council and its ministries and commissions must not
be in conflict with the PRC Constitution or the national laws and, in the event that any conflict arises, the Standing Committee of the
NPC has the power to annul such administrative rules, regulations, directives and orders. 

At the regional level, the people s congresses
of provinces and municipalities and their standing committees may enact local rules and regulations and the people s government
may promulgate administrative rules and directives applicable to their own administrative area. These local laws and regulations may not
be in conflict with the PRC Constitution, any national laws or any administrative rules and regulations promulgated by the State Council. 

Rules, regulations or directives may be enacted
or issued at the provincial or municipal level or by the State Council of the PRC or its ministries and commissions in the first instance
for experimental purposes. After sufficient experience has been gained, the State Council may submit legislative proposals to be considered
by the NPC or the Standing Committee of the NPC for enactment at the national level. 

PRC Laws and Regulations Relating to Our
Business 

Our business and operations in the PRC are subject to government rules
and regulations, including food safety, food manufacturing permit, environmental, working safety, and health regulations. Shandong Tengjunxiang,
the majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, holds food manufacturing permit (valid until April 28, 2024), value added telecommunication
license (valid until November 17, 2025), and auction transaction permit (valid until September 16, 2030). We also obtained the Business
License from the Market Supervision Administration of Jining City and Food Business License from the Food and Drug Administration of Jinxiang
County, for the consumer retail industry, producing, distributing and marketing featured dandelion teas and water purifiers in the PRC,
which is the main business we operate in the PRC. In addition, our factory has received the Quality Management System Certificate, 
 Food Safety Management System Certification and Environmental Management System Certificate issued by Beijing
Shenghui Certification Service Co., Ltd. 

6 

Regulation of Foreign Currency Exchange 

Foreign currency exchange in the PRC is governed
by a series of regulations, including the Foreign Currency Administrative Rules (1996), as amended, and the Administrative Regulations
Regarding Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996), as amended. Under these regulations, the Renminbi is freely convertible
for trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not for direct investment, loans or investments in securities outside
the PRC without the prior approval of China s State Administration of Foreign Exchange. Pursuant to the Administrative Regulations
Regarding Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996), Foreign Investment Entities may purchase foreign exchange without the
approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange for trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions by providing commercial
documents evidencing these transactions. They may also retain foreign exchange, subject to a cap approved by the State Administration
of Foreign Exchange, to satisfy foreign exchange liabilities or to pay dividends. However, the relevant Chinese government authorities
may limit or eliminate the ability of foreign investment entities to purchase and retain foreign currencies in the future. In addition,
foreign exchange transactions for direct investment, loan and investment in securities outside the PRC are still subject to limitations
and require approvals from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange. 

China has allowed for a more market-based exchange
rate to influence the valuation of the Renmenbi versus global currencies, and supported devaluation consistently over the seven months
prior to the date of this prospectus. To the extent any of our future revenues are denominated in Renmenbi or other currencies other than
the United States dollar, we would be subject to increased risks relating to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results since operating results are reported in United States dollars
and significant changes in the exchange rate could materially impact our reported earnings. 

PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and Individual
Income Tax Law 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law or EIT Law,
enterprises are classified as resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises. PRC resident enterprises typically pay an enterprise
income tax at the rate of 25 . An enterprise established outside of the PRC with its de facto management bodies located
within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise, meaning that it can be treated in a manner similar to a PRC domestic
enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The implementation rules of the EIT Law define de facto management body as
a managing body that in practice exercises substantial and overall management and control over the production and operations, personnel,
accounting, and properties of the enterprise. 

The SAT Circular 82 issued by the SAT in April
2009 provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management body of a PRC-controlled offshore
incorporated enterprise is located in China. Pursuant to the SAT Circular 82, a PRC-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise has its
 de facto management body in China only if all of the following conditions are met: (a) the senior management and core management
departments in charge of its daily operations function have their presence mainly in the PRC; (b) its financial and human resources decisions
are subject to determination or approval by persons or bodies in the PRC; (c) its major assets, accounting books, company seals, and minutes
and files of its board and shareholders meetings are located or kept in the PRC; and (d) more than half of the enterprise s
directors or senior management with voting rights habitually reside in the PRC. The SAT Bulletin 45, in effect from September 2011, provides
more guidance on the implementation of the SAT Circular 82 and provides for procedures and administration details on determining resident
status and administration on post-determination matters. Although the SAT Circular 82 and the SAT Bulletin 45 only apply to offshore enterprises
controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreign individuals, the determining
criteria set forth there may reflect the SAT s general position on how the de facto management body test should be
applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises or
PRC enterprise groups or by PRC or foreign individuals. 

7 

Due to the lack of applicable legal precedents,
it remains unclear how the PRC tax authorities will determine the PRC tax resident treatment of a foreign company controlled by individuals
in the PRC. We may be classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Such classification
would likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders, and would have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and the value of your investment. 

PRC Value Added Tax 

Pursuant to the Provisional Regulation of China
on Value Added Tax, all entities and individuals that are engaged in the businesses of sales of goods, provision of repair and placement
services and importation of goods into China are generally subject to a VAT at a rate of 17 (with the exception of certain goods which
are subject to a rate of 13 of the gross sales proceeds received, less any VAT already paid or borne by the taxpayer on the goods or
services purchased by it and utilized in the production of goods or provisions of services that have generated the gross sales proceeds. 

PRC Business Tax 

Companies in China were generally subject to business
tax and related surcharges by various local tax authorities at rates ranging from 3 to 20 on revenue generated from providing services
and revenue generated from the transfer of intangibles. Beginning on May 1, 2016, value added tax replaced the existing business tax in
China, and there is no longer business tax imposed in China. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You should carefully consider the risks described
below together with all of the other information included in this Form 10-K. The statements contained in or incorporated herein that
are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be
harmed. In that case, you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to Our Businesses 

We may not be able to successfully implement
our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all, which could harm our results of operations. 

We are at a nascent stage of our operations. Our ability to successfully
scale the tea and consumer water purification businesses depends on many factors, including: 

Our ability to increase brand
awareness in the PRC and to increase tea consumption; 

our ability to educate the
consumers in general about the health benefits potentially associated with dandelion teas; 

the negotiation of acceptable
terms with our suppliers; 

the maintenance of adequate
distribution capacity, information systems and other operational system capabilities; 

buying, distribution and other
support operations; 

the hiring, training and retention
of management and other skilled personnel; 

expanding our store presence
and enhancing the internet traffic to our tea products; 

8 

assimilating new store employees
into our corporate culture; 

the effective sourcing and
management of inventory to meet the needs on a timely basis; 

the availability of sufficient
levels of cash flow and financing to support our expansion; and 

the short-term and long-term
effects of COVID-19 on the food services industry in the PRC. 

Our limited operating experience and limited
brand recognition in other regions may limit our expansion strategy and cause our business and growth to suffer. 

Our future growth depends, to a considerable extent,
on our expansion efforts into regions of the PRC outside Shandong Province. We have a limited number of customers and limited experience
in operating outside our current areas. We also have limited experience with market practices outside of our current areas and cannot
guarantee that we will be able to penetrate or successfully operate in any market outside of our current region, Shandong Province. We
may also encounter difficulty expanding in other regions markets because of limited brand recognition. In particular, we have no
assurance that our marketing efforts will prove successful outside of the narrow geographic regions in which they have been used. The
expansion into other regions may also present competitive, merchandising, forecasting and distribution challenges that are different from
or more severe than those we currently face. Failure to develop new markets outside our current areas or disappointing growth may harm
our business and results of operations. 

We face significant competition from other
specialty tea and beverage retailers and retailers of grocery products, which could adversely affect us and our growth plans. 

The Chinese tea market is highly fragmented. We
compete directly with a large number of relatively small independently owned tea retailers and a number of regional and national tea retailers,
as well as retailers of grocery products, including loose-leaf tea and tea bags and other beverages. We compete with these retailers on
the basis of taste, quality and price of products offered, store atmosphere, location, customer service and overall customer experience.
We must spend considerable resources to differentiate our customer experience. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, marketing
and operating resources than we do. Therefore, despite our efforts, our competitors may be more successful than us in attracting customers.
In addition, as we continue to drive growth in Shandong Province, our success, combined with relatively low barriers to entry, may encourage
new competitors to enter the market. As we continue to expand geographically, we expect to encounter additional regional and local competitors. 

If we are unable to maintain sufficient
levels of cash flow, we may not meet our growth expectations. 

We may be unable to obtain any necessary financing
on commercially reasonable terms to pursue or maintain our growth strategy. If we are unable to pursue or maintain our growth strategy,
the market price of our common stock could decline, and our results of operations and profitability could suffer. 

Because our tea business is highly concentrated
on a single, discretionary product category, dandelion teas, we are vulnerable to changes in consumer preferences and in economic conditions
affecting disposable income that could harm our financial results. 

Our tea business is not diversified and consists
primarily of developing, sourcing, producing, marketing and selling dandelion tea. Consumer preferences often change rapidly and without
warning, moving from one trend to another among many retail concepts. Therefore, our business is substantially dependent on our ability
to educate consumers on the many positive attributes of tea and anticipate shifts in consumer tastes. Any future shifts in consumer preferences
away from the consumption of tea beverages or dandelion tea would also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In
particular, there has been an increasing focus on health and wellness by consumers, which we believe has increased demand for products,
such as our teas, that are perceived to be healthier than other beverage alternatives. If such consumer preference trends change, or if
our dandelion teas are not perceived to be healthier than other beverage alternatives, our financial results could be adversely affected. 

9 

Consumer purchases of specialty retail products,
including our products, are historically affected by economic conditions such as changes in employment, salary and wage levels, the availability
of consumer credit, inflation, interest rates, tax rates, fuel prices and the level of consumer confidence in prevailing and future economic
conditions. Since the second half of 2019, the recent inflationary pressures in China have materially impacted our operations. We are
currently facing inflationary pressures caused by the increase of transportation cost due to the rising global crude oil prices and potential
decline in consumer discretionary spending on our products caused by the inflation-related pricing increases on non-discretionary consumer
items. Transportation is a key part of our business operations. We rely on gasoline-run vehicles to distribute our products, and thus
the cost of transportation directly impacts our operations. Due to the rising global crude oil prices, our transportation cost has increased
significantly. Consequently, the costs of shipping and distributing our products have increased significantly, which has imposed adverse
effects on our business. In addition, we are facing the risk that discretionary consumer purchases may decline during recessionary periods,
high inflation rate periods, or at other times when disposable income is relatively lower. Our financial performance may become susceptible
to economic and other conditions in regions or countries where we market and distribute our products. Our continued success will depend,
in part, on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences and economic conditions. 

Our success depends, in part, on our ability
to source, develop and market new varieties of teas and tea blends, tea accessories and other tea-related merchandise that meet our high
standards and customer preferences. 

We currently only offer black and green dandelion
teas under the brand name Mincheng Dandelion. Our success depends in part on our ability to continually innovate, develop, source and
market new varieties of tea beverages, tea accessories and other tea-related merchandise that both meet our standards for quality and
appeal to customers preferences. Failure to innovate, develop, source and market new varieties of tea beverages, tea accessories
and other tea-related merchandise that consumers want to buy could lead to a decrease in our sales and profitability. 

We may experience negative effects to our
brand and reputation from real or perceived quality or safety issues with our tea products, which could have an adverse effect on our
operating results. 

We believe our customers rely on us to provide
them with high-quality tea products. Concerns regarding the safety of our tea products or the safety and quality of our supply chain could
cause consumers to avoid purchasing certain products from us or to seek alternative sources of tea, even if the basis for the concern
has been addressed or is outside of our control. Adverse publicity about these concerns, whether or not ultimately based on fact, and
whether or not involving our tea products, could discourage consumers from buying our tea and have an adverse effect on our brand, reputation
and operating results. 

Furthermore, the sale of our tea entails a risk
of product liability claims and the resulting negative publicity. For example, tea leaves supplied to us may contain contaminants that,
if not detected by us, could result in illness or death upon their consumption. We cannot assure you that product liability claims will
not be asserted against us or that we will not be obligated to perform product recalls in the future. 

Any loss of confidence on the part of our customers
in the safety and quality of our tea products would be difficult and costly to overcome. Any such adverse effect could be exacerbated
by our position in the market as a purveyor of quality tea and could significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the safety
of any teas sold by us, regardless of the cause, could have a substantial and adverse effect on our sales and operating results. 

Use of social media may adversely impact
our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. 

There has been a substantial increase in the use
of social media platforms and similar devices, including blogs, social media websites, and other forms of Internet-based communications,
which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. As laws and regulations rapidly evolve to
govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable
laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices could adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. 

Consumers value readily available information
concerning retailers and their goods and services and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to
its accuracy. Information concerning us may be posted on social media platforms and similar devices by unaffiliated third parties, whether
seeking to pass themselves off as us or not, at any time, which may be adverse to our reputation or business. The harm may be immediate
without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. 

10 

A shortage in the supply, a decrease in
the quality or an increase in the price of tea or water purifiers as a result of weather conditions, labor shortage, shipping costs, regulatory
changes, crop disease, pests or other natural or manmade causes could impose significant costs and losses on our business segments, products,
lines of services and overall business operations. 

Although we have our own dandelion farm, we also
purchase dandelion leaves from local farms which have contracts with us. The supply and price of tea are subject to fluctuation, depending
on demand and other factors outside of our control. In order to maintain our supply to meet consumer demand, we determined the volume
of dandelion tea production based on market orders and accordingly attempt to adjust our production volume based on the market demand. 

However, although our line of dandelion business
has not experienced any of the following factors, the supply, quality and price of our teas can be affected by multiple factors in the
future, including: 

labor shortages for dandelion farming and processing; 

cybersecurity attacks in our supply chain; 

adverse weather conditions, including floods, drought and
temperature extremes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and other natural disasters; 

surges or declines in consumer demand of our tea products
for which we are unable to adequately adjust the supply. 

To prevent adverse weather conditions from affecting
our dandelion harvests, we built a small meteorological observation station on our dandelion farm. Our meteorological observation station
can monitor and automatically adjust the amount of water supply to keep the soil moist and to increase yield and quality of our dandelion.
Dandelion tea may be vulnerable to crop disease and pests, which may vary in severity and effect. The costs to control disease and pest
damage vary depending on the severity of the damage and the extent of the plantings affected. Moreover, there can be no assurance that
available technologies to control such conditions will continue to be effective. These conditions can increase costs and decrease sales,
which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

With respect to the water purifiers, we were forced
to suspend our manufacture of the water purifiers in the fiscal years of 2020 and 2021 due to the broad COVID-19 related restrictions
on transportation in China in such periods. As such, our water purifier segment was adversely affected by such regulatory action. In 2022,
we have contracted a third party manufacturer to produce certain water purifiers that meet our specific requirements and demands and therefore
we have mitigated the impacts of the recent transportation restrictions on the water purifier business line. 

In addition to our recent experience of temporary
production suspension in the water purifier segment due to regulatory changes, the supply, quality and price of our water purifiers can
be affected by multiple factors in the future, including: 

suspension of the production, purchase, sale or maintenance of the water purifiers due to a lack of raw
materials, parts, or equipment; reduced headcounts of our manufacturer; or delayed projects; 

labor shortages of our third party suppliers; 

cybersecurity attacks in our supply chain; 

higher costs due to increases in oil and shipping costs; or 

surges or declines in consumer demand for the water purifiers for which we are unable to adequately adjust
our supply. 

We rely significantly on information technology
systems and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of those systems could harm our ability to operate our business
effectively. 

We rely on our information technology systems
to effectively manage our business data, tea production lines, communications, point-of-sale, supply chain, order entry and fulfillment,
inventory and distribution centers and other business processes. The failure of our systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt
our business and result in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies and the loss of sales, causing our business to suffer. Despite
any precautions we may take, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond
our control, including fire, natural disasters, systems failures, power outages, viruses, security breaches, cyber-attacks and terrorism,
including breaches of our transaction processing or other systems that could result in the compromise of confidential company, customer
or employee data. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause us to face significant fines,
customer notice obligations or costly litigation, harm our reputation with our customers, require us to expend significant time and expense
developing, maintaining or upgrading our information technology systems or prevent us from paying our vendors or employees, receiving
payments from our customers or performing other information technology, administrative or outsourcing services on a timely basis. Furthermore,
our ability to conduct our website operations may be affected by changes in foreign, state, provincial and federal privacy laws and we
could incur significant costs in complying with the multitude of foreign, state, provincial and federal laws regarding the unauthorized
disclosure of personal information. Although we carry business interruption insurance, our coverage may not be sufficient to compensate
us for potentially significant losses in connection with the risks described above. 

11 

Data security breaches and attempts thereof
could negatively affect our reputation, credibility and business. 

We collect and store personal information relating
to our customers and employees, including their personally identifiable information, and rely on third parties for the operation of the
various social media tools and websites we use as part of our marketing strategy. Consumers are increasingly concerned over the security
of personal information transmitted over the Internet (or through other mechanisms), consumer identity theft and user privacy. Any perceived,
attempted or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding our employees or customers could harm our
reputation and credibility, reduce our ability to attract and retain customers and could result in litigation against us or the imposition
of significant fines or penalties. We cannot assure you that any of our third-party service providers with access to such personally identifiable
information will maintain policies and practices regarding data privacy and security in compliance with all applicable laws, or that they
will not experience data security breaches or attempts thereof which could have a corresponding adverse effect on our business. 

Recently, data security breaches suffered by well-known
companies and institutions have attracted a substantial amount of media attention, prompting new foreign legislative proposals addressing
data privacy and security, as well as increased data protection obligations imposed on merchants by credit card issuers. As a result,
we may become subject to more extensive requirements in the future to protect the customer information that we process in connection with
the purchase of our products, resulting in increased compliance costs. 

Our business, results of operations and
financial condition may be adversely affected by global public health epidemics, including the strain of coronavirus known as COVID-19. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
causing respiratory illness, or COVID-19, has surfaced in Wuhan, China, spreading at a fast rate in January and February of 2020, and
confirmed cases were also reported in other parts of the world. In reaction to this outbreak, a number of countries imposed travel suspensions
to and from China following the World Health Organization s public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC)
announcement on January 30, 2020. Since this outbreak, business activities in China and many other countries including U.S. have been
disrupted by a series of emergency quarantine measures taken by the government. 

China has begun to relax its zero-COVID policy
at the end of 2022, which has prompted uncertainties about the economic and market outlook. A wide range of possible outcomes are possible,
some of which could be highly unfavorable to our business. There remains uncertainty as to the future impact of the virus, especially
in light of this change in domestic policy. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our results of operations going forward will depend on
future developments which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, including the frequency, duration and extent of outbreaks of COVID-19,
the appearance of new variants with different characteristics, the success or failure of efforts to contain or treat cases, and future
actions we or regulators may take in response. China may experience lower domestic consumption, higher unemployment, severe disruptions
to exporting of goods to other countries and greater economic uncertainty, which may negatively affect our business and financial performance. 

Although the COVID-19 pandemic has since abated,
the extent to which COVID-19 may continue to negatively impact our business is highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. Our
intended marketing and sales efforts of our products have been delayed due to COVID-19. We believe that the coronavirus outbreak and the
measures taken to control it may continue to have a negative impact on not only our business, but economic activities globally. The magnitude
of this negative effect on the continuity of our business operation in China and U.S. remains uncertain. These uncertainties impede our
ability to conduct our daily operations and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations,
and as a result affect our share price and create more volatility. 

Litigation may adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

Our business is subject to the risk of litigation
by employees, consumers, vendors, competitors, intellectual property rights holders, shareholders, government agencies and others through
private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The outcome of litigation, particularly
class action lawsuits, regulatory actions and intellectual property claims, is inherently difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs
in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating
to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to
us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results
if changes to our business operation are required. Regardless of the outcome or merit, the cost to defend future litigation may be significant
and result in the diversion of management and other company resources. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation
that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately
found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

12 

Our failure to comply with existing or new
regulations in the PRC, or an adverse action regarding product claims or advertising could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. 

Our business operations, including farming, food
processing, labeling, packaging, advertising, sourcing, distribution and sale of our products, are subject to the Food and Drug Safety
Law and Product Quality Law of the PRC and the applicable regulations. From time to time, we may be subject to challenges to our marketing,
advertising or product claims in litigation or governmental, administrative or other regulatory proceedings. Failure to comply with applicable
regulations or withstand such challenges could result in changes in our supply chain, product labeling, packaging or advertising, loss
of market acceptance of the product by consumers, additional recordkeeping requirements, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product
seizures, fines, monetary settlements or criminal prosecution. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, consumers who allege that they were
deceived by any statements that were made in advertising or labeling could bring a lawsuit against us under consumer protection laws.
If we were subject to any such claims, while we would defend ourselves against such claims, we may ultimately be unsuccessful in our defense.
Defending ourselves against such claims, regardless of their merit and ultimate outcome, would likely result in a significant distraction
for management, be lengthy and costly and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the negative
publicity surrounding any such claims could harm our reputation and brand image. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property adequately, which could harm the value of our brand and adversely affect our business. 

We believe that our intellectual property, including
the trademark and patents, has substantial value and has contributed significantly to the success of our business. In particular, our
trademarks, and the unregistered names of a significant number of the varieties of tea beverages that we sell, are valuable assets that
reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand and our customers favorable perception of our stores. 

We also strive to protect our intellectual property
rights by relying on PRC laws, as well as contractual restrictions with our employees, contractors (including those who develop, source,
manufacture, store and distribute our tea beverages, light meals, baked goods, tea accessories and other tea-related merchandise), vendors
and other third parties. However, we may not enter into confidentiality and/or invention assignment agreements with every employee, contractor
and service provider to protect our proprietary information and intellectual property ownership rights. Those agreements that we do execute
may be breached, resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary information. Individuals not subject to invention
assignments agreements may make adverse ownership claims to our current and future intellectual property, and even the existence of executed
confidentiality agreements may not deter independent development of similar intellectual property by others. Unauthorized disclosure of
or claims to our intellectual property or confidential information may adversely affect our business. 

From time to time, third parties may sell our
products using our name without our consent, and, we believe, may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property rights. We will
respond to these actions on a case-by-case basis and where appropriate may commence litigation to protect our intellectual property rights.
However, we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or to take appropriate steps to enforce, defend and
assert our intellectual property in all instances. 

Effective trade secret, patent, copyright, trademark
and domain name protection is expensive to obtain, develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration or prosecution
requirements and expenses and the costs of defending our rights. Our trademark and patent rights and related registrations may be challenged
in the future and could be opposed, canceled or narrowed. Our failure to register or protect our trademarks could prevent us in the future
from using our trademarks or challenging third parties who use names and logos similar to our trademarks, which may in turn cause customer
confusion, impede our marketing efforts, negatively affect customers perception of our brand, stores and products, and adversely
affect our sales and profitability. Moreover, intellectual property proceedings and infringement claims brought by or against us could
result in substantial costs and a significant distraction for management and have a negative impact on our business. We cannot assure
you that we are not infringing or violating, and have not infringed or violated, any third-party intellectual property rights, or that
we will not be accused of doing so in the future. 

13 

In addition, although we have also taken steps
to protect our intellectual property rights in the PRC, other entities may have rights to trademarks that contain portions of our marks
or may have registered similar or competing marks in foreign countries. There may also be other prior registrations in other foreign countries
of which we are not aware. We may need to expend additional resources to defend our trademarks in these countries, and the inability to
defend such trademarks could impair our brand or adversely affect the growth of our business internationally. 

Continued innovation and the successful
development and timely launch of new products are critical to our financial results and achievement of our growth strategy. 

Achievement of our growth strategy is dependent,
among other things, on our ability to extend the product offerings of our brand and introduce innovative new products, including new tea
products. Although we devote significant time and resources to the development of new products, we may not be successful in developing
innovative new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. Additionally, our new product introductions are often
time sensitive, and thus failure to deliver innovations on schedule could be detrimental to our ability to successfully launch such new
products, in addition to potentially harming our reputation and customer loyalty. Our financial results and our ability to maintain or
improve our competitive position will depend on our ability to effectively gauge the direction of our key marketplaces and successfully
identify, develop, manufacture, market and sell new or improved products in these changing marketplaces. 

Due to factors such as adverse weather
conditions, our operating results are subject to fluctuations. 

The sales of our products are influenced to some
extent by weather conditions in the geographies in which we operate. Unusually cold weather during the winter months or unusually hot
weather during the summer months may have a temporary decrease on the demand for some of our products and contribute to lower sales, which
could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for such periods. 

Changes in the beverage environment and
retail landscape could impact our financial results. 

The beverage environment is rapidly evolving as
a result of, among other things, changes in consumer preferences; shifting consumer tastes and needs; changes in consumer lifestyles;
and competitive product and pricing pressures. In addition, the beverage retail landscape is dynamic and constantly evolving, not only
in emerging and developing marketplaces, where modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade outlets, but also in developed
marketplaces, where discounters and value stores, as well as the volume of transactions through e-commerce, are growing at a rapid pace.
If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing environment and retail landscape, our share of sales, volume growth and
overall financial results could be negatively affected. 

Price increases may not be sufficient to
offset cost increases and maintain profitability or may result in sales volume declines. 

We may be able to pass some or all ingredient,
energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of our products or decreasing the size of our products;
however, higher product prices or decreased product sizes may also result in a reduction in sales volume and/or consumption. If we are
not able to increase our selling prices or reduce product sizes sufficiently to offset increased raw material, energy or other input costs,
including packaging, direct labor, overhead and employee benefits, or if our sales volume decreases significantly, there could be a negative
impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

14 

Our failure to accurately forecast customer
demand for our products, or to quickly adjust to forecast changes, could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

There is inherent risk in forecasting demand due
to the uncertainties involved in assessing the current demand level of our tea products. We will be setting target levels for the production
of our beverages and foods in advance of customer orders based upon our forecasts of customer demand. 

If our forecasts exceed demand, we could experience
excess inventory in the short-term, excess manufacturing capacity in the short and long-term, and/or price decreases, all of which could
impact our financial performance. In addition, we may be contractually bound to minimum purchase commitments over a period of time which
exceed customer demand. Alternatively, if the demand exceeds our forecasts significantly beyond our current production capacity, we may
not be able to satisfy customer demand, which could result in a loss of market share if our competitors are able to meet customer demand.
A failure to accurately predict the level of demand for our products could adversely affect our net revenues and net income. 

Incidents involving tampering, adulteration,
contamination or mislabeling of our dandelion tea, whether or not accurate, as well as adverse public or medical opinions about the health
effects of consuming our dandelion products, could harm our business. 

Instances or reports, whether true or not, of
unclean water supply or food-safety issues, such as food or beverage-borne illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination or mislabeling,
either during growing, manufacturing, packaging, storing or preparation, have in the past severely injured the reputations of companies
in the food and tea beverage processing, grocery and quick-service restaurant sectors. Any report linking us to such instances could severely
hurt our sales and could possibly lead to product liability claims, litigation (including class actions) and/or temporary store closures.
Clean environment, including farming, processing, packaging and storing environment, is critical to the preparation of dandelion tea,
and our ability to ensure a clean environment at each stage of production can be limited, particularly in some rural locations. 

Additionally, we are evolving our product lineup
to include more local or smaller suppliers for some of our fresh tea leaves who may not have as rigorous quality and safety systems and
protocols as larger or more national suppliers. In addition, instances of beverage-safety issues, even those involving solely the restaurants
or stores of competitors or of suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors),
could, by resulting in negative publicity about us in general, adversely affect our sales on a regional or national basis. A decrease
in customer traffic as a result of safety concerns or negative publicity, or as a result of product recalls or litigation, could materially
harm our business and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Doing Business in the PRC 

The Chinese regulatory authorities could
disallow our direct ownership structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or a material change in
the value of the securities we are registering for sale, including that it could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline
or become worthless. 

As a Nevada holding company, and not a Chinese
operating company, the Company operates through its PRC subsidiaries in mainland China and this structure involves unique risks to the
investors. We conduct business primarily in mainland China and as a result are subject to mainland Chinese law. There are legal and operational
risks associated with having operations in mainland China. The Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow this direct ownership structure,
which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or a material change in the value of the securities we are registering
for sale, including that it could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

Changes in China s economic, political,
or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Substantially all of our assets and operations
are currently located in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be influenced,
to a significant degree, by political, economic, and social conditions in China generally. The Chinese economy differs from the economies
of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control
of foreign exchange, and allocation of resources. Although the Chinese government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization
of market forces for economic reform, including the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of improved
corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still owned by the government. In
addition, the Chinese government continues to play a significant role in regulating industries by imposing regulatory guidance or policies.
The Chinese government also exercises significant control over China s economic growth by allocating resources, controlling payment
of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policies, and providing preferential treatment to particular industries
or companies. 

15 

While the Chinese economy has experienced significant
growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. Any adverse changes
in economic conditions in China, in the policies of the Chinese government, or in the laws and regulations in China could have a material
adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China. Such developments could adversely affect our business and operating results, reduce
demand for our services, and weaken our competitive position. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic
growth and guided the allocation of various types of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but others
may have a negative effect on our operations. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected
by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. In the past, the Chinese government has implemented certain
measures to control the pace of economic growth, such as interest rate adjustments. These measures may decrease the auto-mobile based
transportation activities in China, which may adversely affect the overall auto insurance demands and our business. 

Furthermore, our China based operating entities,
Shangdong Tengjunxiang and Kanglong, as well as our investors, face uncertainty about future actions by the Chinese government that could
significantly affect our financial performance and operations in China. As of the date of this current report, there is no laws, regulations
or other rules require our China based operating entities to obtain permission or approvals from Chinese authorities to list its affiliate s
securities on U.S. exchanges, and neither we nor our China based operating entities have received or were denied such permission. However,
there is no guarantee that we or Shandong Tengjunxiang will receive or not be denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S.
exchanges in the future. 

Changes in the policies of the PRC government
could have a significant impact upon our ability to operate profitably in the PRC. 

Currently, we conduct all of our operations and
all of our revenue is generated in the PRC. Accordingly, economic, political and legal developments in the PRC will significantly affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on
economic conditions in the PRC and the ability of businesses to operate profitably. Our ability to operate profitably in the PRC may be
adversely affected by changes in policies by the PRC government, including changes in laws, regulations or their interpretation. 

PRC laws and regulations governing our current
business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain and any changes in such laws and regulations may impair our ability to operate profitably.
Changes and uncertainty in PRC laws and interpretation may materially and adversely affect our business performance and impede our operations
in China. 

There are substantial uncertainties regarding
the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our tea
business. The laws and regulations over Chinese food safety are sometimes vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official
interpretation and enforcement may involve substantial uncertainty. The effectiveness and interpretation of newly enacted laws or regulations
and amendments to existing laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business operations. New laws and regulations may also have
retroactive effects on our operations in certain circumstances. We cannot predict what effect the new PRC laws and regulations and new
interpretation of existing PRC laws or regulations may have on our business. 

On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist
Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued an announcement to crack down on illegal activities
in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital market, which, among other things, requires the relevant
governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over
China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application of the PRC securities laws.
Since this announcement is relatively new, uncertainties still exist in relation to how soon legislative or administrative regulation
making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified
or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on companies like us. 

On February 17, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory
Commission CSRC released a set of regulations, including the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering
and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Trial Measures, and certain supporting guidelines, collectively, the Filing Measures, effective
March 31, 2023. On February 24, 2023, the CSRC, the State Secrecy Bureau, the State Archives Administration and the Ministry of Finance
jointly promulgated the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and File Management Work Related to Overseas Issuance and Listing
of Securities by Domestic Enterprises, which came into force on March 31, 2023. The provisions aim to develop a gatekeeping mechanism
in the provision of information by domestic enterprises to the relevant securities companies, securities service institutions, overseas
regulatory authorities or other entity or individual, so as to prevent sensitive information from leakage and prescribe protective protocols
for any residual sensitive information that still has to be provided. The impact of such new measures remains to be seen and further regulatory
changes may have an adverse impact on our ability to operate our businesses in China. 

16 

Because our business is conducted in Chinese
dollars or RMB and the price of our common stock is quoted in United States dollars, changes in currency conversion rates may affect the
amount of proceeds we will receive after the currency exchange from U.S. dollars to RMB. 

Our business is conducted in the PRC, our internal
books and records are recorded in renminbi or RMB , which is the legal currency of the PRC, and the audited consolidated
financial statements that we file with the SEC and provide to our shareholders are presented in United States dollars. Changes in the
exchange rate between the RMB and U.S. dollars would affect the value of our assets and the results of our operations denominated in United
States dollars. The value of the RMB against the United States dollars and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other
things, changes in the PRC s political and economic conditions and perceived changes in the economy of the PRC and the United States.
Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, revenue and financial condition presented in
U.S. dollars. 

If we become subject to the scrutiny, criticism
and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate and resolve
such matters, which could harm our business operations, stock price and reputation. 

U.S. public companies that have substantially
all of their operations in China have been the subject of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity by investors, financial commentators
and U.S. regulatory agencies. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity has centered on financial and accounting irregularities,
lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting, inadequate corporate governance policies and, in many cases, allegations
of fraudulent activities. As a result of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, the publicly traded stocks of many U.S. listed
Chinese companies have experienced and may experience in the future high volatility in trading prices and market value and, in some cases,
may be subject to the delisting procedures from the national stock exchanges. Some of these companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits
and SEC enforcement actions and are conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations. It is not clear what effect
this sector-wide scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity will have on our business and stock prices when listed on a national stock
exchange. If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations, whether such allegations are proven to be true or false, we will have
to expend significant capital and time to investigate such allegations and defend our company. If such allegations are proven to have
merits, we and our business operations could be severely affected and you could sustain a significant loss in your investment in our common
stock. 

Increases in labor costs in the PRC may
adversely affect our business and our profitability. 

China s economy has experienced increases
in labor costs in recent years, which is expected to continue to grow. The average wage level for our employees has also increased in
recent years. We expect that our labor costs, including wages and employee benefits and additional personal protective equipment during
COVID-19, will continue to increase. Unless we are able to pass on these increased labor costs to our customers by increasing prices for
our services or insurance products, our profitability and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

17 

In addition, we have been subject to stricter
regulatory requirements in terms of entering into labor contracts with our employees and paying various statutory employee benefits, including
pensions, housing fund, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and childbearing insurance to designated
government agencies for the benefits of our employees. Pursuant to the PRC Labor Contract Law that became effective in January 2008 and
its rules and amendments promulgated thereunder, employers are subject to stricter requirements in terms of labor contracts, minimum wages,
payments of remuneration, terms of probation and unilateral termination of labor contracts. In the event that we decide to terminate some
of our employees or otherwise alter our employment or labor practices, the PRC Labor Contract Law and regulations may limit our ability
to effect those changes in a desirable or cost-effective manner, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

As the interpretation and implementation of the
PRC Labor Contract Laws and regulations continue evolving, we cannot assure you that our employment practice does not and will not violate
such rules and regulations in China, which may subject us to labor disputes or government investigations. If we are deemed to have violated
relevant labor laws and regulations, we could be required to provide additional compensation to our employees and our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Failure to make adequate contributions to
various employee benefits plans as required by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties. 

Companies operating in China are required to participate
in various government sponsored employee benefit plans, including certain social insurance, housing funds and other welfare payment obligations,
and contribute to the plans in such amounts in relation to their employees salaries, as specified by the local government where
the business operations are. Such requirement to contribute to employee benefit plans has not been implemented consistently by the local
governments in China given the different levels of economic development in different locations. If we fail to make contributions to certain
employee benefit plans or fail to comply with applicable PRC labor laws or regulations in the future, we may be subject to penalties and
fines and/or catch-up contributions to certain employee benefit plans. A large lump sum payment obligation due to certain labor law violations
will likely negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Regulation and censorship of information
disseminated over the internet in China may adversely affect our business and reputation and subject us to liability for information displayed
on our website. 

The PRC government has adopted regulations governing
internet access and the distribution of news and information over the internet. Under these regulations, internet content providers and
internet publishers are prohibited from posting or displaying over the internet content that, among other things, violates PRC laws and
regulations, impairs the national dignity of China, or is reactionary, obscene, superstitious, fraudulent or defamatory. Failure to comply
with these requirements may result in the revocation of licenses to provide internet content and other licenses, and the closure of the
concerned websites. The website operator may also be held liable for such censored information displayed on or linked to the websites.
If our website is found to be in violation of any such requirements, we may be penalized by relevant authorities, and our online insurance
operations or reputation could be adversely affected. 

The Chinese government exerts substantial
influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. We are currently not required to obtain approval from any
Chinese authority to quote our common shares on the OTC Markets. However, if we were required to obtain any type of securities listing
approval from the PRC government in the future and were denied such permission, we would not be able to continue being quoted on the OTC
Markets or offering securities to investors, and therefore our share price would significantly depreciate. 

The Chinese government has exercised and continues
to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulations and state ownership. Our ability
to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, insurance commissions,
property and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new and restrictive regulations or interpretations
of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations
or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms
and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have
a significant effect on economic conditions in China, and result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our common
stock. 

18 

For example, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator
announced on July 2, 2021, that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered that Didi Global
Inc. s application be removed from all the smartphone application stores in China. 

Given the example of Didi Global Inc. and recent
statements of by the Chinese government indicating an intent to exert more oversight and control overseas offerings and foreign investments
in Chinese companies, our dandelion tea production business may be subject to various government and regulatory interference once this
Acquisition is completed and such regulatory actions could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to
offer securities to non-Chinese investors and directly cause the value and trading prices of our common shares to significantly decline
or become worthless. 

Although we are currently not required to obtain
any permission from any PRC government to quote our shares of common stock on the OTC Markets, it will remain uncertain when and whether
we will be required to obtain any permission from the PRC government to do so in the future, and even when we obtain such permission in
accordance with the new rules and regulations, it will be unclear whether such permission will be rescinded or revoked at some point in
time. 

In light of recent events indicating greater
oversight by the Cyberspace Administration of China (the CAC over data security, we may be subject to a variety of PRC
laws and other obligations regarding cybersecurity and data protection, and any failure to comply with applicable laws and obligations
could have a material adverse effect on our business, our quotation on the OTC Markets, financial condition, results of operations, and
the offering. 

The regulatory requirements with respect to cybersecurity
and data privacy are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations, and significant changes, resulting in uncertainties
about the scope of our responsibilities in that regard. Failure to comply with the cybersecurity and data privacy requirements in a timely
manner, or at all, may subject us to government enforcement actions and investigations, fines, penalties, suspension or disruption of
our operations, among other things. The Cybersecurity Law, which was adopted by the National People s Congress on November 7, 2016
and came into force on June 1, 2017, and the Cybersecurity Review Measures, or the Review Measures, which were promulgated
on April 13, 2020, provide that personal information and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure
operator in the course of its operations in China must be stored in China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases
internet products and services that affect or may affect national security, it should be subject to cybersecurity review by the CAC. In
addition, a cybersecurity review is required where critical information infrastructure operators, or the CIIOs, purchase
network-related products and services, which products and services affect or may affect national security. Due to the lack of further
interpretations, the exact scope of what constitute a CIIO remains unclear. Further, the PRC government authorities may
have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws. 

On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the
National People s Congress promulgated the Data Security Law, which took effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law requires
that data shall not be collected by theft or other illegal means, and also provides for a data classification and hierarchical protection
system. The data classification and hierarchical protection system puts data into different groups according to its importance in economic
and social development, and the damages it may cause to national security, public interests, or the legitimate rights and interests of
individuals and organizations in case the data is falsified, damaged, disclosed, illegally obtained or illegally used. In addition, the
Office of the Central Cyberspace Affairs Commission and the Office of Cybersecurity Review under the CAC, published the Cybersecurity
Review Measures (Revised Draft for Comments), or the Review Measures Draft, on July 10, 2021, which provides that, aside
from CIIOs, data processing operators engaging in data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, must be subject
to the cybersecurity review by the Cybersecurity Review Office. According to the Review Measures Draft, a cybersecurity review is conducted
by the CAC, to assess potential national security risks that may be brought about by any procurement, data processing, or overseas listing.
The Review Measures Draft further, if effective, would require that critical information infrastructure operators and services and data
processing operators that possess personal data of at least one (1) million users must apply for a review by the Cybersecurity Review
Office of PRC, if they plan to conduct securities listings on foreign exchanges. While the Review Measures Draft has been released for
consultation purpose and has not become effective (as of September 23, 2021), there is uncertainty about its final content, its adoption
timeline or effective date, its final interpretation and implementation, and various other implications. It also remains uncertain whether
any future regulatory changes would impose additional restrictions on companies like us. 

19 

We are subject to PRC laws relating to the collection,
use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of confidential and private information. We have not been subject to any penalties, fines,
suspensions, investigations from any competent authorities for violation of the regulations or policies that have been issued by the CAC
to date. 

However, it remains uncertain as to how the Review
Measures Draft will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations,
rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the Review Measures Draft. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or
implementation and interpretation come into effect, we expect to take all reasonable measures and actions to comply therewith. However,
we cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and we will not be subject to
the cybersecurity review by the CAC or designated as a CIIO. We may experience disruptions to our operations should we be required to
have a cybersecurity review by the CAC. Any cybersecurity review could also result in uncertainty to our common stock being quoted on
the OTC Markets, negative impacts on our share trading prices and diversion of our managerial and financial resources. 

The regulatory review and the development
of regulations across the U.S. and China, may subject us to uncertainties of whether we can meet such regulations and development of regulations. 

Adverse regulatory developments in China may subject
us to additional regulatory review and expose us to government interference, and additional disclosure requirements and regulatory scrutiny
to be adopted by the SEC in response to risks related to recent regulatory developments in China may impose additional compliance requirements
for companies like us with significant China-based operations, all of which could increase our compliance costs, subject us to additional
disclosure requirements, and/or suspend or terminate our future securities offerings, making capital-raising more difficult. 

The approval of the China Securities Regulatory
Commission (the CSRC and other compliance procedures may be required in the future for us to continue being quoted on the
OTC Markets, and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able to obtain such approval. 

Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system
could adversely affect us, the rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice, and such uncertainties materially
and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations in China. If we become directly subject to the recent
scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate
and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations and our reputation and could result in a loss of your investment in our
securities, especially if such matter cannot be addressed and resolved favorably. 

The newly enacted Holding Foreign
Companies Accountable Act and proposed Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act both call for additional
and more stringent criteria to be applied to restrictive market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially
the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to our offering and if our auditors
fail to permit the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB to inspect the auditing firm, our class A ordinary
shares may be subject to delisting. 

On April 21, 2020, the SEC and the PCAOB released
a joint statement highlighting the risks associated with investing in companies based in or having substantial operations in certain restrictive
markets, including China. The joint statement emphasized the risks associated with lack of access from the PCAOB to inspect auditors
and audit work papers in China and higher risks of fraud in the markets where the PCAOB has limited access to the local auditing firms
and their work. 

20 

On May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals
with the SEC to (i) apply a minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating in a restrictive market, (ii) adopt a
new requirement relating to the qualification of management or the board of directors of companies in the restrictive markets, and (iii)
apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the qualifications of the company s auditor. 

On December 18, 2020, the Holding Foreign
Companies Accountable Act (the HFCAA was signed by President Donald Trump and became law. This legislation requires
certain issuers to establish that they are not owned or controlled by a foreign government. Specifically, an issuer must make this certification
if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the issuer has retained a foreign public accounting firm that is not subject
to inspection by the PCAOB. Furthermore, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm for three consecutive
years, the issuer s securities are banned from trading on a national stock exchange. 

On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final
rule implementing the HFCAA, which became law in December 2020. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December
16, 2021, which found that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely certain named registered public accounting firms
headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong. On December 29, 2022, the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the AHFCAA was signed into law, amending the HFCAA and requiring the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock
exchange if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years. 

The limited PCAOB inspection in China prevents
the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the auditors in China. As a result, investors may be deprived
of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections and supervision. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China makes
it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these public accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures,
which could cause existing investors and potential investors in our Ordinary Shares to lose confidence in our audit procedures and audited
financial statements. 

On August 26, 2022, the SEC issued a statement
announcing that the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance of the People s Republic of China
governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong, jointly agreeing on the need for a framework. On
December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it has secured complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms
headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate the previous 2021 Determination Report to the contrary. 

On March 23, 2023, we elected not to continue
the engagement of KCCW Accountancy Corp. serving as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and approved the
engagement of PWN LLP as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm. Our auditor PWN LLP is an independent
registered public accounting firm with the PCAOB and is subject to laws in the U.S. pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections
to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor has been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis. However,
the above recent developments may have added uncertainties to our securities trading on the OTC Markets, to which the OTC Markets may
apply additional and more stringent criteria with respect to our auditor s audit and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel
and training, sufficiency of resources, geographic reach, and experience as related to their audits. If our independent registered public
accounting firm fails to permit PCAOB to inspect its firm, our common stock may be prohibited from trading on the OTC Markets or subject
to delisting by the stock exchange where such common shares will be listed. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You may experience dilution of your ownership
interests because of the future issuance of additional common stock of the Company. 

In the future, we may issue additional authorized
but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our current shareholders. We may also
issue additional shares of our securities that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock, as the case may be, in
connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future financing, and other purposes. The future issuance of any such
additional shares may create downward pressure on the market price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will not be
required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with any capital raising efforts
at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at which our shares may be valued or priced in a public market. 

21 

There is not an active liquid trading market
for the Company s Common Stock. 

There is no regular active trading market in the
Company s Common Stock, and we cannot guarantee that an active trading market will develop. If an active market for the Company s
Common Stock develops, there is a significant risk that the Company s stock price may fluctuate dramatically in the future in response
to any of the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

variations in our operating
results; 

announcements that our revenue
or income are below expectations; 

general economic slowdowns; 

sales of large blocks of the
Company s Common Stock; and 

announcements by us or our
competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our headquarters are located at East Jinze Road
and South Huimin Road, Food Industry Economic and Technology Development District, Jinxiang County, Jining City, Shandong Province, China.
Through Target, we own two operating campuses, including two office buildings (one 9-floor office building and one 3-floor conference
building), two warehouses (one for storing water purifiers and one for tea), dandelion farms and one tea factory of a total of 16,000
square meters. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are presently no material pending legal
proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such proceedings are known to the Company
to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000
shares of common stock, with a par value of 0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value of 0.001 per share.
As of March 31, 2023, there were 99,309,169 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and 0 share of preferred stock issued and
outstanding. As of March 31, 2023, our shares of common stock were held by approximately 167 stockholders of record. 

Since July 17, 2014, our common stock has been
quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol CHGH . On December 9, 2019, our trading symbol was changed to TJBH .
For the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of common stock. The below prices
represent inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions: 

Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter ended March 31 
 3.00 
 3.00 
 55.00 
 55.00 
 
 Second Quarter ended June 30 
 3.00 
 3.00 
 55.00 
 3.00 
 
 Third Quarter ended September 30 
 4.00 
 3.00 
 3.00 
 3.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter ended December 31 
 4.00 
 4.00 
 3.00 
 3.00 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends.
We currently intend to retain all future earnings for the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the
common stock in the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors
and will depend upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant
by our director. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we have not adopted an
equity compensation plan and have not granted any stock options. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On July 7, 2022, the Company and nine non-U.S.
investors entered into the securities purchase agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements ), pursuant to which the Company
issued and sold an aggregate of 25,000,000 shares of its common stock (the Private Offering ), par value 0.001 per share,
at a price of 0.10 per share, to such nine investors. The shares of common stock were sold to such non-U.S. investors in reliance upon
the exemption pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act and Regulation S promulgated under the
Act. The Company did not engage any placement agent with respect to the Private Offering. As of July 31, 2022, the Company received the
gross proceeds of 2,500,000 as a result of the Private Offering. 

On December 23, 2021, we issued 19,285,714 shares
of Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement to the eleven shareholders of the
Target. The issuance of the shares of our common stock to the shareholders of the Target was exempted from registration pursuant to Regulation
S promulgated under the Act because the offer or sale was made in an offshore transaction and no directed selling efforts were made in
the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing.
In addition, the recipient of the shares certified that he is not a U.S. person and is not acquiring the securities for the account or
benefit of any U.S. person and agreed to resell such securities only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration
under the Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from registration; and agreed not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to
such securities unless in compliance with the Act. 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company
sold an aggregate of 2,646,919 shares of common stock at an average price of 0.01 per share to investors pursuant to stock purchase agreements.
The Company did not engage any placement agent with respect to the sales. The Company received proceeds of 29,411. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We have not repurchased any of our equity securities
during the period covered by this report. 

23 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make such disclosure under Item 6. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of our results of
operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and financial condition as of December 31, 2022 should
be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. 

Results of Operations 
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The following table
sets forth information from our statements of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 (Amount) 
 (Percent) 
 
 Sales revenue 
 150,136,738 
 - 
 150,136,738 

Cost of Goods Sold 
 (9,722,341 
 - 
 (9,722,341 

Gross Profit 
 140,414,397 
 - 
 140,414,397 

Operating Expenses 
 (124,350,261 
 (738,234 
 (123,612,027 
 16,744 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 16,064,136 
 (738,234 
 16,802,370 
 (2,276 
 
 Interest Income (Expense) 
 22,890 
 (4,970 
 27,860 
 (561 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 (805,421 
 (4,321 
 (801,100 
 18,540 
 
 Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 
 (3,309,931 
 - 
 (3,309,931 

Net Income (Loss) 
 11,971,674 
 (747,525 
 12,719,199 
 (1,702 
 
 Comprehensive Income (loss) 
 11,706,439 
 (783,816 
 12,490,255 
 (1,594 

Revenues 

We generated 150,136,738
and 0 in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company did not generate any revenue during the year
ended December 31, 2021 due to the impact of COVID-19. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2022, sales of dandelion teas, certain nutraceutical products, and water treatment accessories generated 21,323,222 in revenue,
constituting approximately 14.2 of the total revenue for that year, and sales of water purifiers generated 128,813,516 in revenue, representing
approximately 85.8 of the total revenue for such year. 

The following is the
sales breakdown by segment during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the year ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Dandelion teas 
 21,323,222 
 14.2 
 - 
 - 
 
 Water purifier 
 128,813,516 
 85.8 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 150,136,738 
 100.0 
 - 
 - 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Our cost of goods sold
was 9,722,341 and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of sales
of dandelion teas, certain nutraceutical products, and water treatment accessories was 2,456,221, constituting approximately 25.3 of
the total cost of goods sold, and cost of sales of water purifiers was 7,266,120, representing approximately 74.7 of the total cost
of goods sold of such year. The Company did not incur any cost in the year ended December 31, 2021 because there were no sales during
the year of 2021. 

24 

The following is the
cost of goods sold breakdown by segment during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the year ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Dandelion teas 
 2,456,221 
 25.3 
 - 
 - 
 
 Water purifier 
 7,266,120 
 74.7 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 9,722,341 
 100.0 
 - 
 - 

Gross Profit 

Our gross profit was
 140,414,397 and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The gross profit as a percentage of net revenue for the
Dandelion teas was 88.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The gross profit as a percentage of net revenue for the Water purifiers
was approximately 94.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The following table
presents gross profit by segment for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the year ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Dandelion teas 
 18,867,001 
 88.5 
 - 
 - 
 
 Water purifier 
 121,547,396 
 94.4 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 140,414,397 
 93.5 
 - 
 - 

Selling and Marketing
Expenses 

Our selling and marketing
expenses primarily consist of sales commission, advertising and product promotional expenses. 

Our selling and marketing
expenses were 123,157,529 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 28,499 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our total
selling and marketing expenses increased by 123,129,030 or 432,047 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period
in 2021. Such increase in selling and marketing expenses was mainly due to the significant increase in sales commission. 

General and administrative
expenses 

Our general and administrative
expenses primarily consist of payroll and benefit costs for corporate employees, legal, consulting, professional expenses, rental expenses
and other corporate overhead costs. 

The general and administrative
expenses was 1,192,732 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 709,735 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our general
and administrative expenses increased by 482,997 or 68 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021.
Such increase in general and administrative expenses was mainly due to the increase in legal, accounting, printing, and stock transfer
agent fees that were associated with the Company s merger and SEC public disclosures. 

25 

Interest income
(expense) 

Interest income was 22,890
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to interest loss of 4,970 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our total interest income
increased by 27,860 or 561 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. The increase in interest income
was primarily due to the interest earned from the Company s bank savings accounts. 

Income tax provision 

Income tax provision
was 3,309,931 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was no income tax provision
in the year of 2021 because the Company had loss before provision for income tax. 

Net Income (Loss) 

Our net income was 11,971,674
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net loss of 747,525 for the year ended December 31, 2021, increased by 12,719,199
or 1,702 as a result of the above factors. 

Foreign Currency
Translation Loss 

We had foreign currency
translation loss of 265,235 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to foreign currency translation loss of 36,291 during
the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting a change of 228,944 or 631 . Such increase in foreign currency translation gain was primarily
caused by the currency exchange rate fluctuation. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

Working Capital 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 (Amount) 
 (Percent) 
 
 Current Assets 
 50,569,077 
 4,628,531 
 45,940,546 
 993 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 43,656,963 
 16,316,116 
 27,340,847 
 168 
 
 Working Capital (deficit) 
 6,912,114 
 (11,687,585 
 18,599,699 
 (159 

Our working capital was
 6,912,114 as of December 31, 2022 as compared to working capital deficit of 11,687,585 as of December 31, 2021, an increase in working
capital of 18,599,699 or 159 . The increase in working capital is primarily due to the increase in cash inflow from revenue and the increase
in the loans to third parties that are related to our operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cash Flow from Operating
Activities 

Our net cash provided
by operating activities were 1,347,451 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 561,297 of net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting an increase of 1,908,748 or 340 . The increase was primarily due to the increase in
net income, the decrease in inventories, prepaid taxes, and increase in accounts payable and taxes payable, partially offset by the increase
in loan to third parties during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flow from Investing
Activities 

Our net cash used in
investing activities was 503,802 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to that of 20,599 for the year ended December 31,
2021, reflecting an increase of 483,203 or 2,346 . The increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the increase
in an equity investment during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to those items in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

26 

Cash Flow from Financing
Activities 

Our net cash provided
by financing activities were 1,776,551 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 860,718 of net cash provided by financing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 915,833 or 106 . The increase was primarily due to the proceeds
received from issuance of the Company s stock shares, offsetting by repayment of loans from related parties, during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates 

We prepare our financial
statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP of the United States, which requires management
to make certain estimates and apply judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other
factors that management believes to be important at the time the financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, we review our
accounting policies and how they are applied and disclosed in our financial statements. 

While we believe that
the historical experience, current trends and other factors considered support the preparation of our financial statements in conformity
with GAAP, actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material. 

Inventories 

Our inventories primarily
consist of dandelion teas and water purifiers. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (determined on a weighted average basis) and
net realizable value. Inventories consist of raw materials, goods in process, and finished goods. We review our inventories regularly
for possible obsolete goods and establishes reserves when determined necessary. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the allowance
for obsolete inventories was 36,299 and 0, respectively. 

Construction in Progress 

Construction in progress
represents direct costs of construction, interest and design fees incurred. No interest was capitalized for the three and year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property, plant, and equipment
when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is recognized
until it is completed and ready for intended use. Construction in progress as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 7,734,862 and 8,726,299,
respectively. 

27 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes
revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. To determine the revenue to be recognized, the Company
applies the following five-step model: 

identify arrangements with customers; 

identify performance obligations; 

determine transaction price; 

allocate transaction price to the separate performance obligations in the arrangement, if more than one exists; and 

recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied. 

The Company generates
revenues mainly from sales of packaged dandelion teas and water purifiers. During the three and year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company also engaged in the sale of certain nutraceutical products and water treatment accessories. Revenue from the sales of goods
is recognized when the control over the promised goods is transferred to customers. 

Cash payments received
or due from customers before revenue recognized are recorded as advances from customers. The advance from customers is recognized as revenue
when the Company s performance obligation is completed. 

Related parties 

The Company follows ASC
850, Related Party Disclosures, for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.
Parties are related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence
over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common
control or significant influence, such as a family member or relative, shareholder, or a related corporation. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

See Note 3 to audited
consolidated financial statements for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT; MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act, we are not required to provide the information under this item. 

28 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders of 

Tengjun Biotechnology
Corp. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Tengjun Biotechnology Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has incurred recurring losses from operations, has a working capital deficit, and is in need of additional capital to grow
its operations so that it can become profitable. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

F- 1 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter
communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Inventory valuation Refer to Note
3 and 4 to the financial statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company values inventory
using the lower of weighted average cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is generally based on the selling price expectations
of the merchandise. The Company regularly reviews inventory to determine if the carrying value of the inventory exceeds net realizable
value and when determined necessary, records a reserve to reduce the carrying value to net realizable value. The Company s inventories
amounted to 1,001,028 as of December 31, 2022. 

We identified the inventory
valuation as a critical audit matter because of the extent of audit judgment and effort required to evaluate management s estimates. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the inventory
valuation included the following, among others: 

We evaluated the appropriateness of management s methods used in developing their estimate of the inventory valuation. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of inputs supporting management s estimate of inventory cost. We also agreed the data back to source information including third party vendor invoices. 

We evaluated management s calculation of the inventory cost by testing the mathematical accuracy 

/s/ PWN LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

North Carolina April 17, 2023 

Auditors Name: 
Location: 1601 201, CARY, NC 27511 
Firm ID: 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders of 

Tengjun Biotechnology
Corp. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Tengjun Biotechnology Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses from operations, has a working capital deficit, and is in need of additional
capital to grow its operations so that it can become profitable. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter
communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 3 

Inventory valuation Refer to Note
3 and 4 to the financial statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company values inventory
using the lower of weighted average cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is generally based on the selling price expectations
of the merchandise. The Company regularly reviews inventory to determine if the carrying value of the inventory exceeds net realizable
value and when determined necessary, records a reserve to reduce the carrying value to net realizable value. The Company s inventories
amounted to 3,084,157 as of December 31, 2021. 

We identified the inventory
valuation as a critical audit matter because of the extent of audit judgment and effort required to evaluate management s estimates. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the inventory
valuation included the following, among others: 

We evaluated the appropriateness of management s methods used in developing their estimate of the inventory valuation. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of inputs supporting management s estimate of inventory cost. We also agreed the data back to source information including third party vendor invoices. 

We evaluated management s calculation of the inventory cost by testing the mathematical accuracy 

/s/ KCCW Accountancy Corp. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

Diamond Bar, California 

March 30, 2022 

F- 4 

TENGJUN BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(AUDITED) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Advance to suppliers 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid taxes 
 -

Due from related party 
 
 -

Other receivables 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Construction in progress 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Advances
 from customers 

Due to related parties 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' equity (deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscribed stock 
 
 -

Accumulated profit (deficit) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

TENGJUN BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(AUDITED) 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Sales revenue, net 
 
 -

Cost of goods sold 
 
 -

Gross profit 
 
 -

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Income (Loss) from operations 

Interest income (expense), net 

Other (expense) income, net 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 
 -

Net income (loss) attributable to the Company 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
 -

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Tengjun stockholders 

Net Loss Per Common Share: 

Net income (loss) per common share - basic and diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

TENGJUN BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN DEFICIT 

(AUDITED) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Subscribed 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interests 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

-

-

Reverse merger adjustment 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance at December 31, 2021 

-

Issuance of common stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock subscriptions received in advance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

TENGJUN BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(AUDITED) 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Allowance for obselate inventory 
 
 -

Impairment of fixed assets 
 
 -

Impairment of long-lived assets - equity investment 
 
 -

Changes in net assets and liabilities: 

Inventories 

Prepaid taxes 

Other receivables 

Advance to suppliers 

Accounts payable 

Loan to third parties 
 
 -

Taxes payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Payment for construction in progress 

Long-term investment in equity 
 
 -

Cash receipt from reverse merger 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Capital contribution 
 -

Proceeds from issuing common stocks 
 
 -

Repayment of short-term bank loan 
 -

Repayment of short-term loan from third parties 
 -

Net proceeds (repayment of) loans from related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGE ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING BALANCE 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, ENDING BALANCE 

- 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: 

Income tax paid 
 -
 
 -

Interest paid 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

TENGJUN BIOTECHNOLOGY
CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AUDITED) 

Business
Combination 

million,
of which RMB million shall be contributed by Shandong Minfu and the remaining RMB million shall be contributed
by fourteen other shareholders. On December 16, 2021, Tengjunxiang completed its restructuring transaction (the Restructuring Transaction ).
As a result of the Restructuring Transaction, Tengjunxiang, through its subsidiaries, directly owns of the ownership
of Shandong Tengjunxiang and therefore became the controlling shareholder of Shandong Tengjunxiang. 

F- 9 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated
profit of , working capital of , and cash balance of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
had a net loss of . As of December 31, 2021, the Company had an accumulated deficit of , working capital deficit of
 , and cash of used in operating activities. 

owned subsidiaries,
Tengjunxiang HK and WOFE, and its owned subsidiaries, Shandong Tengjunxiang and Jinxiang Kanglong. All inter-company transactions
and balances are eliminated in consolidation. 

F- 10 

and as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Based on management s evaluation, no allowance for advances to suppliers was recorded
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

and , respectively. 

- years 

Machinery and equipment 

- years 

Office furniture and equipment 

years 

Vehicles 

years 

F- 11 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

to on proceeds received from customers, and are entitled to a deduction
for VAT already paid or borne on the products purchased by them. The VAT payable will be presented on the balance sheets when input VAT
is less than the output VAT. Receivable balance, prepaid VAT, will be presented on the balance sheets when input VAT is larger than the
output VAT. 

F- 12 

and , respectively. 

per bank. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes
they are not exposed to any risks on their cash in these bank accounts. 

during the year ended December 31, 2022. No customer accounted for over of total revenue
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

from three suppliers during the year
ended December 31, 2022. All three suppliers accounted for over of the Company s total purchases. 

F- 13 

B 

C 

of total purchase during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 14 

Average Period Exchange Rate (RMB/USD) 

F- 15 

-

Water purifier 
 
 -

Total revenues, net 
 
 -

Cost of goods sold 

Dandelion teas 
 
 -

Water purifier 
 
 -

Total cost of goods sold 
 
 -

Gross profit 

Dandelion teas 
 
 -

Water purifier 
 
 -

Gross profit 
 
 -

Operating expenses 

Dandelion teas 

Water purifier 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Dandelion teas 

Water purifier 

Income (loss) from operations 

F- 16 

Water purifier 

Total assets 

F- 17 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Less: allowance for obsolete inventories 
 
 -

Inventories, net 

Machinery and equipment 

Office equipment 

Vehicles 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively,
which can be used to offset VAT payable when the Company incurs sales. 

-

Prepaid Expenses 

Security deposit 
 
 -

Other 
 
 -

Total 

F- 18 

pursuant to the
agreements with each of the sales agents. The loans were made to each of the sales agents for the purpose of market expansion, and all
loans shall be repaid in full before December 31, 2023. These loans are unsecured and bear no interest. 

,
equivalent to . The term started March 17, 2020 with the maturity date on . The loan balance bore an interest rate
of per annum. The Company repaid the loan together with the accrued interest in full on March 17, 2021. 

and , respectively. 

Advance from employees 

Payable for construction and improvements 
 -

Payable for machinery and equipment 
 -

Accrued payroll 

Accrued professional fees 

Other 
 -

Total 

to . 

F- 19 

on its taxable income generated from operations
in Hong Kong. The Company did not make any provisions for Hong Kong profit tax as there were no assessable profits derived from or earned
in Hong Kong since inception. Additionally, payments of dividends by the subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong to the Company are not subject
to any Hong Kong withholding tax. 

on all domestic-invested enterprises and foreign investment enterprises in PRC, unless they qualify under certain limited exceptions.
As such, starting from January 1, 2008, the Company s subsidiaries in PRC are subject to an enterprise income tax rate of .
The Company had recorded income tax provision of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

China 

Total 

-

Total current tax expense 
 
 -

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

U.S Federal 
 -
 
 -

Foreign 
 -
 
 -

Total deferred tax expense (benefit) 
 -
 
 -

Income tax expense 
 
 -

to total income tax expense (benefit): 

-

Increases/(decreases) due to: 

Foreign tax rate differential 
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 
 
 -

Total income tax expense, net 
 
 -

Effective tax rate 

F- 20 

valuation allowance associated with its deferred tax assets. 

, and of the total purchases, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022.
In the event of losing the three vendors without alternative providers, the Company s water purifier business will be materially
and adversely affected. 

Liuhong Liu 

Pan Shi 

Jin Tian 

Qiuping Lu 

F- 21 

-

Xianchang Ma 
 
 -

Total 
 
 -

Qiuping Lu 

Liuhong Liu 
 -

Pan Shi 

Jin Tian 

shares with par value of per
share. 

shares of its preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

The total number
of common shares authorized that may be issued by the Company was 70,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.001 per share.
On March 30, 2022, the board of directors of the Company adopted a resolution to increase its authorized capital from 70,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares
of its common stock by amending and restating the Company s articles of incorporation. On March 31, 2022, the Company decided to
remove restrictive legend from 9,908,465 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, held by the Company s twelve unrelated
shareholders in accordance with Section 4(a)(1) of the Security Act of 1933. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total of 86,100,704
restricted common stock shares and total of 10,208,465 unrestricted common stock shares. 

F- 22 

shares of its
common stock to eleven Selling Shareholders of Tengjunxiang. 

shares of its common stock at a price of per share to unrelated
nine investors pursuant to the signed stock purchase agreements. 

shares of its common stock at a price of per share, to two investors pursuant
to the restricted stock agreements with the investors. Of a total of shares of the common stock sold, shares
were sold to one of the two investors who was a former officer of the Company. The Company received advance payments of from
the two investors in September 2022 and recognized the advance payment as subscribed stock on September 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022,
all common stock shares were issued and outstanding. 

shares of common stock at 
per share for a total purchase price of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company received a total advance payment of 
from the investors and recognized the proceed of as subscribed stock. The subscribed stock shares of were issued
on January 9, 2023 and the rest proceed of was received in January 2023. (See the NOTE 14. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS). 

shares of common stock shares at per share for total purchase price of (the
 Initial Closing Amount from the investors. 

pursuant
to the agreements with each of the sales agents. The loans were made to each of the sales agents for the purpose of market expansion and
were unsecured and bear no interest. As of March 31, 2023, approximately of the loans have been repaid. 

F- 23 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our officers and directors, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of a date Evaluation Date within ninety (90) days prior
to the filing of our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 on Form 10-K with the SEC. 

Based upon that evaluation, our management
has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in timely alerting management to
the material information relating to us required to be included in our periodic filings with the SEC. 

Our officers and directors have concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures had the following material weaknesses: 

We were unable to maintain any segregation of duties within our financial operations due to our reliance on limited personnel in the finance function. While this control deficiency did not result in any audit adjustments to our 2022 interim or annual financial statements, it could have resulted in a material misstatement that might have been prevented or detected by a segregation of duties; 

We lack sufficient resources to perform the internal audit function and do not have an Audit Committee; 

We do not have an independent Board of Directors, nor do we have a board member designated as an independent financial expert. The Board of Directors is comprised of one (1) member who is also our only executive officer. As a result, there is a lack of independent oversight of the management team, lack of independent review of our operating and financial results, and lack of independent review of disclosures made by us; 

The Company has no formal control process related to the identification and approval of related party transactions; and 

Documentation of all proper accounting procedures is not yet complete. 

These weaknesses have existed since our inception
on June 28, 2010 and, as of December 31, 2022, have not been remedied. To the extent reasonably possible given our limited financial and
personnel resources, we intend to take measures to cure the aforementioned material weaknesses, including, but not limited to, the following: 

Consider the engagement of consultants to assist in ensuring that accounting policies and procedures are consistent across the organization and that we have adequate control over financial statement disclosures; 

Hire additional qualified financial personnel, including a Chief Financial Officer, on a full-time basis; 

Expand our board of directors to include additional independent individuals willing to perform directorial functions; and 

Increase our workforce in preparation for commencing revenue producing operations. 

Since the recited remedial actions will require
that we hire or engage additional personnel, these material weaknesses may not be overcome in the near-term due to our limited financial
resources. Until such remedial actions can be realized, we will continue to rely on the limited advice of outside professionals
and consultants. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

(a) 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
 Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

29 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the registrant s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Our officers assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment
under such criteria, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022
due to control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses. 

Management has identified a lack of sufficient
personnel in the accounting function, due to our limited resources, with appropriate skills, training and experience to perform the review
processes to ensure the complete and proper application of generally accepted accounting principles. 

We are in the process of developing and implementing
remediation plans to address our material weaknesses in our internal controls. 

Management has identified specific remedial
actions to address the material weaknesses described above: 

Improve the effectiveness of the accounting group by augmenting our existing resources with additional consultants or employees to improve segregation procedures and to assist in the analysis and recording of complex accounting transactions and preparation of tax disclosures. We plan to mitigate the segregation of duties issue by hiring additional personnel in the accounting department once we have achieved positive cash flow from operations and/or have raised significant additional working capital; and 

Improve segregation procedures by strengthening cross approval of various functions including cash disbursements and quarterly internal audit procedures where appropriate. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls

Our management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will
prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

(a) 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us
to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent
registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the SEC that
permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

(b) 
 Changes in Controls and Procedures 

There were no significant changes made in
our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect these controls. Thus, no corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses
were necessary. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

30 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Below are the names and certain information regarding
the Company s executive officers and directors as of December 31, 2022. 

Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 Age 
 
 Position / Title 
 
 Xianchang Ma 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ), Chief Financial Officer (the CFO and Director 
 
 Suzhen Zhang 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Huaping Lu 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Xianchang Ma , age 48, established a company
named Jinan Tengiun Biological Technology Co., Ltd in 2014. Over the years, Mr. Ma has devoted himself to enterprise management and has
abundant corporate management experience. In 2015, he returned to the county of Jinxiang and founded Kanglong. On November 22, 2011, he
established the company named Jinan Kanglong Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Ma served as Marketing
and Sales Director of Shijiazhuang Shikang Fuchang Technology Co., Ltd. From 2007 to 2009, he was the sales clerk of Shenzhen Rongge Company.
And from 1994 to 2007, Mr. Ma was self-employed. 

Suzhen Zhang , age 68, has served as the
executive manager of Tengjun Biotechnology Corp. since 2015. From 2004 to 2014, Ms. Zhang was the chairman and General Manager of Nanjing
Zhuoren Communication Co., Ltd. From 1997 to 2002, she was the Director of Jiangyan Telecommunication Bureau. In 1996, Ms. Suzhen Zhang
served as Director of Taizhou Telecommunication Bureau. In 1989, Ms. Zhang was chief of the Unit of Taizhou Telecommunication Bureau.
In the year of 1971, Ms. Zhang started to do maintenance work at Jiangsu Jiangyan Telecommunication Bureau. 

Huaping Lu , age 55, has served as the operating
manager of Tengjun Biotechnology Corp. since 2011. From 1996 to 2010, she was the owner of Changzhou Jianding Shopping Mall. From 1990
to 1995, she was the accountant of Changzhou Chashan Shopping Center. Mrs. Huaping Lu graduated from Changzhou LiuGuoJun Polytech majoring
in accounting in 1989. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, our directors and executive
officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

31 

4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Family Relationships 

Huaping Lu is a sibling of Qiuping Lu, the former CEO, CFO, officer
and director of the Company. 

Board Committees and Director Independence 

We do not have standing audit, compensation and
corporate governance committees, or committees performing similar functions. Our Board, as a whole, handles the matters usually addressed
by such committees. Our director Xianchang Ma is also the sole executive officer of the Company. Our Board does not currently have any
member who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. We believe that the cost of retaining such a financial expert at this time
is prohibitive. 

At this time, we have not adopted corporate governance
guidelines, a code of business conduct, a code of ethics or a related party transaction policy. We anticipate that as we engage in a business
combination and commence operations, we will implement appropriate corporate governance structures to comply with SEC and/or stock exchange
requirements that would be applicable to us at such time. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

We currently do not have a compensation committee
and the entire Board serves the functions of the compensation committee. The Board reviews the compensation of each executive officer
of the Company. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
Section 16 officers, directors and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in
ownership with the SEC. Copies of these filings must be furnished to us. Based solely upon a review of the forms filed with the SEC by
our Section 16 officers, directors and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our common stock, regarding their ownership of, and transactions
in, our common stock and upon written representations from such persons that no additional forms were required, we believe that during
the 2022 fiscal year all Section 16(a) reports were timely filed. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted the Code of Ethics as of the
date of this report. 

32 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

No compensation has been paid to our officers
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We have no current plans to begin paying our officers any compensation until our business
becomes operational. 

Director Compensation 

No compensation has been paid to our directors
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We have no current plans to begin paying our directors any compensation until our business
becomes operational. 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any employment agreements
with any of our executive officers or directors. 

Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards 

We do not have any long-term incentive plans that
provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

As of December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors
is comprised of three (3) members, one of whom is also the executive officer. As a result, there is a lack of independent oversight of
the management team, lack of independent review of our operating and financial results, and lack of independent review of disclosures
made by us. 

Compensation Committee Report 

We currently do not have a compensation committee
and our Board performs the functions that would have been performed by a compensation committee. Our board of directors has reviewed and
discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this report with management. Based on its review and discussion with management,
the board of directors recommended that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this current report. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information, as of March 31,
2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common stock by (i) any holder of more than five (5 percent; (ii)
each of the Company s executive officers and directors; and (iii) the Company s directors and executive officers as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated, the beneficial owners have sole voting and investment power, as applicable, over the shares of common stock
listed below. For each individual and group included in the table below, percentage ownership is calculated by dividing (a) the number
of shares of common stock beneficially owned by such person or group by (b) the sum of the shares of common stock outstanding as of March
31, 2023, plus the number of shares of common stock that such person or group had the right to acquire on or within 60 days after March
31, 2023. The address for each individual listed below is: East Jinze Road and South Huimin Road, Food Industry Economic and Technology
Development District, Jinxiang County, Jining City, Shandong Province, China, unless otherwise noted. 

33 

As of March 31, 2023, we had 99,309,169 shares of the Common Stock
issued and outstanding. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Common Shares 
 Common Stock Percentage ) 
 Total Voting Power ) 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Xianchang Ma (2) 
 26,000,000 
 26.2 
 26.2 
 
 Suzhen Zhang 
 5,100,000 
 5.1 
 5.1 
 
 Huaping Lu 
 965,100 
 1.0 
 1.0 
 
 Directors and officers as a group (3 persons) 
 32,065,100 
 32.3 
 32.3 
 
 5 or more owners 

Fumin Feng 
 5,000,000 
 5.0 
 5.0 
 
 Qiuping Lu (3) 
 9,000,000 
 9.1 
 9.1 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is East Jinze Road and South Huimin Road, Food Industry Economic and Technology Development District, Jinxiang County, Jining City, Shandong Province, China. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of the Common Stock beneficially owned by them. 

(2) 
 Including 12,500,000 shares of common stock held under Xianchang Ma and 13,500,000 held under Min Xing Biotechnology Ltd., a British Virgin Islands company solely owned by Xianchang Ma. 

(3) 
 With the address of 527 Siltstone Place, Cary, NC 27519. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The related party of the Company with whom transactions
are reported in these financial statements are as follows: 

Name of Individual 
 
 Relationship with the Company 
 
 Xianchang Ma 
 
 Major shareholder, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
 
 Liuhong Liu 
 
 Beneficial Shareholder of the Company 
 
 Pan Shi 
 
 Beneficial Shareholder of the Company 
 
 Jin Tian 
 
 Beneficial Shareholder of the Company 
 
 Qiuping Lu 
 
 Shareholder, former director, former 

Due from related party: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Pan Shi 
 84,714 
 - 
 
 Xianchang Ma 
 4,450,000 
 - 
 
 Total 
 4,534,714 
 - 

Due from
related party represent advances to its related parties for working capital purpose and receivable from the related party for investment
purpose. 

34 

Due to related parties: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Xianchang Ma 
 14,992,431 
 15,193,647 
 
 Qiuping Lu 
 96 
 328,869 
 
 Liuhong Liu 
 - 
 5,619 
 
 Pan Shi 
 307 
 3,055 
 
 Jin Tian 
 62 
 68 

14,992,896 
 15,531,258 

Due to related
parties represent advances from its related parties for the Company s payment for construction, purchase of equipment, and daily
operating expenses. The balances are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and payable on demand. 

Director Independence 

No member of management is required by us to work
on a full time basis. Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may arise between us and our officers and directors in that they may
have other business interests in the future to which they devote their attention, and they may be expected to continue to do so although
management time must also be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise that can be resolved only through their
exercise of such judgment as is consistent with each officer s understanding of his or her fiduciary duties to us. 

The OTC Markets, where our common stock is quoted
under the trading symbol TJBH , does not have any director independence requirements. In determining whether our directors
are independent, we refer to Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 4200(a)(15). Based on these criteria, we have determined that Suzhen Zhang who served
in that capacity at any time during 2022 met the independence requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market as currently in effect. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for each of the last
two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the annual audit of our financial statements and review
of financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

For the Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For the Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Audit Fees 
 232,000 
 42,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 0 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Given the fact that we currently have four directors,
as well as the limited financial resources and operational state of us, our Board acts as our Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves
all audit and permissible non-audit services. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and
other services. Our Board approves these services on a case-by-case basis. 

35 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SCHEDULES 

The following documents are filed as a part of
this Annual Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

The financial statements required to be filed
as part of this report are set forth in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules are omitted for the reason that
the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that they are not required or are not applicable. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

3.1 
 
 Amendment of Articles of Incorporation dated November 25, 2019 (1) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment of Articles of Incorporation dated July 17, 2012 (2) 

3.3 
 
 Amendment of Articles of Incorporation dated December 19, 2013 (2) 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws (3) 

4.1 
 
 Description of securities 

10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated December 23, 2021 (4) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed along with this document 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference from our Form 8K filed with the SEC on December 12, 2019. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 14, 2015. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 12, 2010. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Tengjun Biotechnology Corp. 

/s/ Xianchang Ma 
 
 Date: April 17, 2023 
 Xianchang Ma 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) and 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), and 
President 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Xianchang Ma 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Xianchang Ma 
 
 Director 

/s/ Suzhen Zhang 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Suzhen Zhang 

/s/ Huaping Lu 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Huaping Lu 

37 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_tengjunbio.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

General 

The total number of shares that the corporation has
authority to issue is 205,000,000 shares, consisting of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common
Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Preferred Stock ). 

Common Stock 

As of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 167
holders of our Common Stock and 99,309,169 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Preferred Stock 

As of December 31, 2022, no shares of preferred stock
were issued and outstanding. 

Potential Effects of Authorized but Unissued Stock 

Our shares of unissued Common Stock are available
for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to certain protections afforded to our preferred stock pursuant to our certificate
of incorporation, as amended and restated. We may utilize these additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future
public offerings to raise additional capital, to facilitate corporate acquisitions, payment as a dividend on the capital stock or as equity
compensation to our service providers under our equity compensation plans. 

The existence of unissued and unreserved Common Stock
may enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management thereby protecting the continuity of our management. 

Also, if we issue additional shares of our authorized,
but unissued, Common Stock, these issuances will dilute the voting power and distribution rights of our existing Common Stockholders. 

Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder
Nominations and Proposals 

Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with
respect to stockholder proposals and nomination of candidates for election as directors. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Certain provisions of Nevada law, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective immediately prior to the completion
of this offering, which are summarized below, may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring
control of us. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board
of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited
acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an
improvement of their terms. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our securities is Transhare Corporation. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_tengjunbio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Xianchang Ma, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tengjun
Biotechnology Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
is made known to us by others within the registrant, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Xianchang Ma 

Xianchang Ma 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_tengjunbio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Xianchang Ma, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tengjun
Biotechnology Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
is made known to us by others within the registrant, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ Xianchang Ma 

Xianchang Ma 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_tengjunbio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Form 10-K of Tengjun Biotechnology Corp., a company duly formed under the laws of Nevada (the Company ),
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
Xianchang Ma, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
to the best of his knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Xianchang Ma 

Xianchang Ma 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_tengjunbio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Form 10-K of Tengjun Biotechnology Corp., a company duly formed under the laws of Nevada (the Company ),
for the quarter ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
Xianchang Ma, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
to the best of her knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Xianchang Ma 

Xianchang Ma 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tjbh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 tjbh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tjbh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tjbh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tjbh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

