<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1285543_0001477932-23-002547.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6908199</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>264519</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1103695</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1795896</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1559115</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2001840</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002547.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414135411
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002547
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zerify, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001285543
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				223827597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55012
		FILM NUMBER:		23820626

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1090 KING GEORGES POST ROAD
		CITY:			EDISON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08837
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732 661 9641

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1090 KING GEORGES POST ROAD
		CITY:			EDISON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08837

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	StrikeForce Technologies Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STRIKEFORCE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002547.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 zrfy_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

zrfy_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. For the transition period from _________ to _________ (Exact name of registrant as specified in its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (Commission (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) file number) Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) ) (Issuer s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Title of Class Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such a shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act. Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class Outstanding at March 31, 2023 Common stock, 0.0001 par value Class Outstanding at March 31, 2023 Preferred stock, Series A, no par value 3 Class Outstanding at March 31, 2023 Preferred stock, Series B, 0.10 par value 36,667 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Solely for purposes of the foregoing calculation, all of the registrant s directors and officers are deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status for this purpose does not reflect a determination that any persons are affiliates for any other purposes. Transitional Small Business Disclosure Format Yes No Documents Incorporated By Reference None ZERIFY, INC. FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 15 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 22 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 22 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 22 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 22 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 23 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 24 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 25 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 29 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA F-1 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 30 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 30 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 30 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE . 31 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 36 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 38 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 44 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 46 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 48 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K/A SUMMARY 49 SIGNATURES 50 CERTIFICATIONS Exhibit 31 Management certification Exhibit 32 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2 CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION Included in this annual report are forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 PSLRA as well as historical information. Some of our statements under Business , Properties , Legal Proceedings , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and elsewhere in this report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable, we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected therein will prove to be correct. Additionally, because these statements involved risks and uncertainties, . we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including matters described in the section titled Risk Factors. Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology, such as the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, project, plan, will, shall, should, and similar expressions, including when expressed negatively. . We claim the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. Such risks include, among others, the following: international, national and local general economic and market conditions: our ability to sustain, manage or forecast our growth; material costs and availability; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; changes in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the current inflation rate and supply chain disruptions; the implications and consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and on our clients business and on the effectiveness and distributions of vaccines and boosters, domestically and internationally, to limit the impact of COVID-19, changes to mask mandate policies and to transitioning from a pandemic to an endemic; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; and other factors referenced in this and prior filings. Consequently, all the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results anticipated by management will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to or effects on our business operations. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date initially filed or published, to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise. Unless otherwise noted, references in this Form 10-K to StrikeForce , Zerify , we , us , our , SFT , our company , and the Company means Zerify, Inc (formally known as StrikeForce Technologies, Inc.), a Wyoming corporation. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Executive Offices/Website Our executive office is located at 1090 King Georges Post Road, Suite 603, Edison, NJ 08837. Our telephone number is (732) 661-9641. Our website is at www.zerify.com (formerly www.strikeforcetech.com (we are not including the information contained in our website as part of, nor should the information be relied upon or incorporated by reference into this report on Form 10-K). History We are a software development and services company that offers a suite of integrated computer network security products using proprietary technology. StrikeForce Technical Services Corporation was incorporated in August 2001 in New Jersey. On September 3, 2004, we changed our name to StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. On November 15, 2010, we redomiciled to Wyoming. We initially conducted operations as an integrator and reseller of computer hardware and telecommunications equipment and services until December 2002. In December 2002, and formally memorialized in September 2003, we acquired certain intellectual property rights and patent pending technology from NetLabs.com, Inc. Net Labs ), including the rights to further develop and sell Net-Labs principal technology. At such time, certain officers of NetLabs joined us as our officers and directors. Our ongoing strategy is developing and marketing our suite of network security products to the corporate, financial, healthcare, legal, government, technology, insurance, e-commerce and consumer sectors. Our goal is to grow our business through our globally expanding sales channel and internally generated sales, rather than by acquisitions. On June 14, 2022, our Board of Directors and the majority of our outstanding votes approved by consent to change our name from StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. to Zerify, Inc. We hold a 49 interest in BlockSafe Technologies, Inc., and, as of April 2021, we hold a 100 interest in Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC. We conduct our operations from our corporate office in Edison, New Jersey. We began our operations in 2001 as a reseller and integrator of computer hardware and iris biometric technology. Iris biometric technology is using your looking into your cell phone as a way to authenticate it is really you. From our inception through the first half of 2003, we derived the majority of our revenues as an integrator. In December 2002, upon the acquisition of the licensing rights to certain intellectual property and patent pending technology from NetLabs, we shifted our focus to developing and marketing our own suite of security products. Based upon our acquired licensing rights and additional research and development, we have developed various identification protection software products to protect computer networks from unauthorized access and to protect users from identity theft. We completed the development of our ProtectID platform at the end of June 2006, we completed the core development of our keyboard encryption and anti-keylogger product, GuardedID , in December 2006, and we commenced deployment of our new mobile product, MobileTrust into the mobile stores in 2015. We finished development of our SafeVchat Secure Video Conferencing and PrivacyLoK products at the end of 2020 and deployed SafeVchat beta testing by some by our clients and individuals through our resellers. SafeVchat , in management s estimation, is one of the most secure video conferencing products on the market. PrivacyLoK adds security to all video conferencing tools and runs in conjunction with other applications on the same computer. Our goal is to expand our revenue base via increased revenues from SafeVchat and PrivacyLoK in 2023, and beyond. All of the foregoing products are currently being sold and distributed. The keystroke encryption technology we developed and use in our GuardedID product is protected by three patents through the US Patent and Trademark Office. MobileTrust has a patent throughout Europe, by the European Patent Office, as of June 2020 See Intellectual Property Section beginning on page 11). Our Product Targets, Pricing and Revenues Our suite of products is targeted to the financial, e-commerce, corporate, government, healthcare, legal, insurance, technology and retail markets. We seek to locate customers in a variety of ways, including contracts with value added resellers and distributors (both inside the United States and internationally), direct sales calls initiated by our internal staff, exhibitions at security and technology trade shows, through the media, through consulting agreements, and through our agent relationships. We generate sales revenue either as an Original Equipment Manufacturer OEM model, through a Hosting/License agreement, bundled with our other products or through direct purchase by distributors and resellers. We price our products for cloud consumer transactions based on the number of transactions in which our software products are utilized. We also price our products for business applications based on the number of users. These pricing models provide us with one-time, monthly, quarterly and annual recurring revenues with volume discounts. 4 Table of Contents We generated all of our revenues of 103,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (compared to 193,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021), from the sales of our security products. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to a reduction in the sales of our products caused by the adverse economic conditions resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Marketing/Market Demand We market our products globally to financial service firms, healthcare related companies, legal services companies, e-commerce companies, automotive, government agencies, multi-level marketing groups, the enterprise market in general, and with virtual private network companies, as well as technology service companies and retail distributors that service all the above markets. We seek such sales through our own direct efforts, with emphasis on retail, through distributors, resellers and third-party agents internationally. We are also seeking to license the technology as original equipment with computer hardware and software manufacturers. We are engaged in multiple production installations and pilot projects with various distributors, resellers and direct customers primarily in the United States. Our GuardedID product is also being sold directly to consumers, primarily through the Internet as well as distributors, resellers, third party agents, affiliates and potential OEM agreements by bundling GuardedID with their products (providing a value-add and competitive advantage to their own products and offerings). Currently this is the most active market for us with multiple programs in production. We anticipate, but cannot guarantee, increases in revenues in fiscal 2023 (subject to the impairments to the economy caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the degree to which the economy rebounds post-pandemic, and any domestic economic impact from the war in Ukraine), from these programs. We have incurred substantial losses since our inception. Our products provide a cost-effective and technologically competitive solution to address the problems of network security and identity theft in general. Guidance for the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council FFIEC regulations include the requirement for solutions that have Two-Factor Out-of-Band Authentication and products that stop keylogging malware, real time, which our management believes our proprietary products uniquely and directly address. This guidance went into effect as of January 1, 2012. Based on this requirement in the FFIEC update (published in June 2011 with enforcement commencing in January 2012), we have experienced a growing increase in sales orders and inquiries every year. However, there can be no assurance that our products will continue to gain acceptance and continue to grow in the commercial marketplace or that one of our competitors will not introduce technically superior products. Because we are now experiencing a continual growing market demand (with growth temporarily curtailed by the economic consequences of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic), we are developing a reseller and distribution channel as a strategy to generate, manage and fulfill demand for our products across market segments, minimizing the requirement for an increase in our staff as we grow our distributor market. We have minimized the concentration on our initial direct sales efforts as our distribution and reseller channels continue to grow internationally and will require appropriate levels of support. Covid-19 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the spread of COVID-19 a pandemic. This outbreak continues to spread throughout the U.S. and around the world. As a result, authorities continue to implement numerous measures to try to contain the virus, including restrictions on travel, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, business restrictions and complete shutdowns. We are not considered an essential business due to the industries and customers we serve. As of, and subsequent to, December 31, 2022, we have been following the recommendations of the CDC and state/local health authorities to minimize exposure risk for our team members during the pandemic, including the temporary closure of our corporate office and having our team members work remotely. During the second quarter of 2021, we reopened our corporate office while continuing to adhere to the guidelines issued by health authorities. Many customers and vendors have transitioned to electronic submission of invoices and payments. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in longer response times from potential new customers and certain existing customers. We cannot anticipate the effect that the impairments caused by the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our year end fiscal 2023 results, or the effectiveness and distributions of vaccines, boosters, and their distribution in 2023 and changes to mask mandate policies or the shift from a pandemic to an endemic. The pandemic has significantly impacted the economic conditions both in the United States and worldwide, with accelerated effects through the date of this Annual Report, as federal, state and local governments react to the public health crisis, creating significant uncertainties in both the worldwide and the United States economies. The situation is rapidly changing, including the onset of the ongoing most recent and anticipated wave of the virus caused by the B2 Omicron variant and the possibility of other variants over time, and additional impacts to our business may arise that we are not aware of currently. We cannot predict whether, when or the manner in which, the conditions surrounding COVID-19 will change including the timing of lifting any restrictions or office closure requirements. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of COVID-19 s impact to our business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and our results presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future periods in 2023, or beyond. 5 Table of Contents Management believes that cyber security is a growing requirement as the pandemic continues and more people are working remotely as well as using digital forms on a regular basis. Consequently, the market demand, in our estimation, is increasing. However, we are also experiencing the impact of the pandemic. Currently our management has limited operating from our office location, which impedes our ability to take full advantage of the increasing market demand. Many of our current clients have experienced a dramatic slowdown in their business, limiting their ability to have the resources to pay for our services. We continue to generate revenues and we anticipate, but cannot guarantee, our video conferencing tool, SafeVchat , which provides authentication and security (using our existing products), will have gained acceptance in the market. Currently, we have companies doing beta testing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned revenues of 10,000 from SafeVchat and PrivacyLoK and overall revenues of 103,000. We believe, but cannot assure, that our sales, partly as a consequence of the new work environment created by the ongoing pandemic and the need for our products, will significantly increase in fiscal 2023 and continue that substantial growth in 2024. We also are encouraged by the 65 billion dollars provided for broadband access to improve internet services that is in the recently enacted federal Infrastructure Bill of 2021, but cannot provide assurance as to how, or if, that will impact our products and services. Regulation A Offerings On May 11, 2021, our filing of an Offering Circular on Form 1-A, pursuant to Regulation A (File Number: 024-11512) was qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We registered 150,000,000 shares of common stock for maximum proceeds of 7,065,000 (after deducting the maximum broker discount and costs of the offering). During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 119,666,450 shares of common stock to investors for cash proceeds of 5,602,158, net of fees and commission, pursuant to the May 2021 Offering Circular. In September 2021, we sold 50,000,000 warrant shares for 50,000 to two investors who purchased subscriptions through the Offering Circular. We also awarded 5,000,000 warrant shares to the broker who facilitated the Offering Circular. The warrants vest immediately and have a 5-year term with an exercise price of 0.05 per share. On December 21, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission qualified our Regulation A Offering Circular on Form 1-A (File Number: 024-12026). We registered 222,222,222 Units consisting of five (5) shares of Common Stock and one (1) common stock purchase warrants exercisable at 0.02 per share, at a price of .0225 per Unit, for maximum proceeds of 5,000,000 (after deducting the maximum broker discount and costs of the offering). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 40,100,000 common stock shares in the Regulation A Offering in exchange for cash of 180,000, net of direct fees and commissions. As part of the Regulation A offering, we also issued warrants to certain investors and its placement agent to purchase 8,020,000 shares of common stock, which warrants vest immediately and have a 5-year term with an exercise price of 0.02 per share. 6 Table of Contents Our Products Zerify is a software development and services company. We own and are seeking to commercially market various identification protection software products that we developed to protect computer networks from unauthorized access, real time, and to protect network owners and users from cyber security attacks and data breaches. Our principal products ProtectID , GuardedID , MobileTrust inclusive of our unique Zerify Meet (our Secure Video Conferencing Product) and Zerify Defender (our end-point security product) are proprietary authentication and patented keystroke encryption technologies that are intended to eliminate unauthorized access to computer networks, securing video conferencing and all mobile devices, and to prevent unauthorized individuals from copying (logging) keystrokes and utilizing any video conference product. We are increasing our market for our suite of products in the financial services, e-commerce, corporate, healthcare, government and consumer sectors. Our cyber security products are as follows: ProtectID is our multi-patented authentication platform that uses Out-of-Band multi-factor in-house installation, cloud service technology, a hybrid to authenticate computer network users by a variety of methods including traditional passwords combined with a telephone, iPhone, Droid, Blackberry, PDA, multiple computer secure sessions, or a Push Authentication method which was implemented in the fourth quarter of 2017, biometric identification and encrypted devices such as tokens or smartcards as examples. The authentication procedure separates authentication information such as usernames from the pin/passwords or biometric information, which are then provided to or from the network s host server across separate communication channels. The platform allows for corporate control and client choices, per their company s security policies, which evolves over time with newly available and customer requested technologies. GuardedID creates a 256-bit AES encrypted real time separate pathway for information delivery from a keyboard to a targeted application on a local computer, preventing the use of spyware/malware to collect user information. This product provides keyboard encryption and helps prevent keylogging from occurring in real time, which helps prevent the number one threat to consumers and businesses in today s market: keylogging software, which is stealth software embedded in web sites, emails, pictures, MP3 files, videos, USB s or other software and hardware that, once unknowingly launched, secretly monitors and records all of a user s keystrokes on the computer and sends the data to the cyber thief without the user s awareness. Keylogging has been reported as the one of the major causes of major data breaches that occurred from 2010 to 2016, as reported in the 2010-2016 Verizon Data Breach Reports. (Patent No: 8,566,608, 8,732,483 and 8,973,107). MobileTrust is an advanced iPhone/iPad and Android device password vault that includes a strong password generator. MobileTrust also provides for Mobile Multi-Factor One Time Password authentication, a secured browser and keystroke encryption between its virtual keyboard and secured browser, which is critical to all confidential online transactions and other features, which is now in production. This new feature for mobile devices, which helps prevent data breaches and stolen credentials is a critical and vital addition to all enterprise mobile users, as enterprises transition to Bring Your Own Devices (BYOD). (International European Patent No: Application #14763895.1) GuardedID Mobile SDK is a software development kit that provides developers our patent protected keystroke encryption protection for all Apple and Android mobile device s secure keyboards, allowing our keystroke encryption software to be embedded in any mobile applications, utilizing DES 256 Encryption. Zerify Meet is, in our estimation, one of the best and most secure video conferencing products in the marketplace and we believe at a time when it is most needed due to the remote workplace environment brought on by the work conditions arising from the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. The product is a two-factor authentication application, with out-of-band authentication capability, including push transactions to cell phones or a one-time passcode or fingerprint or facial capability, and only allows invitees to the conference to gain access. Zerify Meet runs on any Apple or Android device and operates on any browser because it does not require an application. Zerify Meet . The purchaser of Zerify Meet also receives Zerify Defender . 7 Table of Contents Zerify Defender is an end-point lock product that offers protective mechanisms that are far more encompassing than what other video conferencing platforms currently provide, such as camera locking, keyboard protection, clipboard protection, microphone protection and audio input/output locking. The application also runs on the user s computer and protects all applications, not just video conferencing. The application is offered a part of our Zerify Meet product, or as a separate standalone application. Our products sometimes include software and hardware that we contractually license from other vendors. These products include additional authentication and telecommunication software devices. The ProtectID Cloud Service can be hosted by our service provider (we have a strategic arrangement with a third party SAS70 hosting service) as well as the ProtectID Out-of-Band and Multi-Factor Platform, which can be installed internally in a customer s infrastructure or as a hybrid implementation. With the exception of our free redistributable Microsoft software components. ProtectID is also part of our Zerify Meet product. Factors that we consider important to our success include the following: Our products address the needs of a broad variety of customers for authentication and cyber security overall. For illustration (while historic), in 2011, it was reported that RSA Security s data was breached from which Lockheed Martin and others were affected and lost millions of dollars. This event caused many companies to look to other means of two-factor authentication, such as Out-of-Band. The RSA Data Breach started with a keylogging virus which our GuardedID product, management believes, would most likely have prevented. The 2017 Verizon Data Breach report, published in April 2018, stated that 80 of all the data breaches they reported would not have occurred if the corporations used two factor authentications. In February 2015, the New York Times reported that a Global Bank heist occurred in banks around the globe from a keylogger. This was the first known time that a large hack was reported that included a keylogger, which our management believes GuardedID would have prevented. The article was noted as caused by keystroke encryption in a picture on the front page of the New York Times. The Effectiveness of Our Products: Our products have been designed to provide, we believe, a high available level of security for computer networks and individual users. In particular, we believe that the now Patented Out-of-Band authentication process is an innovative technology that will greatly prevent unauthorized access to computer networks and will provide effective security products to drastically reduce the incidence of identity fraud for our customers. We have contractually commenced implementation of our products on a large global scale, yet there can be no assurance that they will function in all aspects as intended. Likewise, a high level of innovation characterizes the software industry and there can be no assurance that our competitors will not develop and introduce a superior product. The effective functioning of our products once deployed is an important factor in our future success. Ability to Integrate our Software with Customer Environments: There are numerous operating systems that are used by computer networks. The ability of a software product to integrate with multiple operating systems is likely to be a significant factor in customer acceptance of particular products. Our ProtectID operates on an independent Cloud Service platform and is also able to integrate with multiple operating systems and user interfaces for an in-house implementation. ProtectID has been designed to use multiple authentication devices that are currently on the market (including, but not limited to, biometrics, key-fob tokens, iPhones, iPads, Androids, PDA s, smart cards, face biometric, fingerprint and other mobile devices). Our ability to integrate our products with multiple existing and future technologies is currently a key factor in the growth of our product s acceptance and is demonstrated by our success with recent clients and installations. Our GuardedID product currently operates with Windows Internet Explorer (IE), Firefox, Chrome and Safari browsers and our upgraded Premium version works with almost all applications running on a Windows desktop platform, inclusive of Microsoft Office and the MAC. New features and functions for both products continue to be developed via our research and development. Our MobileTrust and GuardedID work on all Apple and Android devices. Relative Cost: We have attempted to design our products to provide a cost-effective suite of products for financial services, e-commerce, commercial, healthcare, government and direct-consumer customers. Our ability to offer our products at a competitive price is a key factor in the acceptance of our product as we have seen with many of our clients. 8 Table of Contents Business Model We are focusing primarily on developing sales through channel relationships by offering our products through other manufacturers, distributors, value-added resellers and agents, internationally. In 2016, we added and publicly announced additions to our global distribution sales channel, which provides additional presence for us in the United States, Canada, Europe and Africa. We continue to add additional channel partners, especially on the consumer side and developed a new retail business. We also sell our suite of security products directly from our Edison, New Jersey office, which also augments our channel partner relationships. It is our strategy that these channel relationships will provide the greater percentage of our revenues ongoing, as was the case in the past two years. Examples of the channel relationships that we are seeking include already established original equipment manufacturer OEM and bundled relationships with other security technology and software providers that would integrate or bundle the enhanced security capabilities of ProtectID , GuardedID into their own product lines, including Zerify Meet and Zerify Defender and our Zerify Meet API s, thereby providing greater value to their clients. These would include providers of networking software and manufacturers of computer and telecommunications hardware and software that provide managed services, and multi-level marketing groups, as well as all markets interested in increasing the value of their products and packages, such as financial services software, anti-virus, government integrators and identity theft product companies. We contracted with various new distributors during 2020 and 2021, and we anticipate, but cannot guarantee an increase in revenues in 2023 (subject to the impairments caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the degree to which the economy rebounds post-pandemic). However, in 2023 we anticipate some large increases based on current discussions starting. We believe, but cannot guarantee, increased revenues of Zerify Meet , our secure Video Conferencing Tool, and Zerify Defender , which adds five levels of security for Zerify Meet . While the full effect of the increased use in remote access in employment due to COVID-19 is still undeterminable, it has become evident, in managements estimation, clear that people will be working remotely for a long time, perhaps with some hybrid level of permanence. In a February 2021 New York Times article, Google announced that they will no longer require that their employees to come into the attainment office, as stated in the New York Times, Video conference sales are projected to be over 100 billion, more than double of what was originally projected. We believe that SafeVchat and Zerify Defender are perfectly timed for introduction into the market and we anticipate, but cannot guarantee, our market share will grow over the next several years. From our MobileTrust security application, built with our sCloud registration process, we created and announced two additional products in 2020: our ProtectID Mobile OTP (One Time Password) to be used with ProtectID and our GuardedID Mobile keystroke encryption software development kit (SDK). Both products are now in production. With the creation of GuardedID Mobile SDK, we now focus the sales of this software product to the development groups of our target markets for it to be added to their mobile applications. We are in discussions with many large-scale parties that are interested in this software, although no assurances can be provided as to acceptance and profitability. Management has already received requests for this software, as keystroke encryption malware grows and remains a major problem for the mobile-cyber security market, particularly with anti-virus products being viewed as non-effective against malware threats. Our primary target markets include secure financial services such as banks and insurance companies, healthcare providers, legal services, government agencies through integrators, technology platforms, e-commerce-based services companies, telecommunications and cellular carriers, technology software companies, government agencies and consumers, especially for our mobile and keystroke encryption products and our secure video conferencing and end-point solutions We are focusing our concentration on cyber security and data breach strategic problem areas, such as where compliance with financial, healthcare, legal and government regulations are key and stolen passwords are used to acquire private information illegally. In 2020 and 2021, several of our channel partners had pilots and client implementations in place that are expected, although no assurances can be provided, to increase our revenues in 2023 (subject to the impairments caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the degree to which the economy rebounds post-pandemic). There is no guarantee as to the timing and continued success of these efforts. 9 Table of Contents Because we are now expecting a continual, recurring growing market demand, especially in the mobility and encryption retail markets, we continue to develop a reseller and distribution channel as a strategy to generate, manage and fulfill demand for our products across market segments, minimizing the requirement for an increase in our staff as we grow our distributor market. We continue to minimize the concentration on our initial direct sales efforts as our distribution and reseller channels continue to grow internationally and provide appropriate levels of sales and support to the growing Cyber Security market, especially with the new help with VationVentures. We seek to generate revenues through recurring fees for Zerify Meet (inclusive of Zerify Defender and ProtectID ), Zerify Defender , GuardedID and ProtectID based on client consumer usage in the financial, healthcare services and legal services markets, as well as enterprises in general. We provide our clients a choice of operating our ProtectID software internally by licensing it or through our hosted Cloud Service or a hybrid that some clients have implemented and none of our competitors presently offer. GuardedID requires a download on each and every computer it protects, whether for employees or consumers. We have four GuardedID products, (i) a standard version which protects browser data entry only, (ii) a premium version which protects almost all the applications running under Microsoft Windows on the desktop, including Microsoft Office Suite and almost all applications running on the desktop, (iii) an Enterprise version which, in addition, provides the Enterprise administrative rights and the use of Microsoft s Enterprise tools for the product s deployment, and (iv) an Apple version for all the latest MAC operating systems and for the browsers and entire desktop. Our GuardedID Mobile SDK (software development kit) is priced for the consumer through the appropriate mobile phone stores, as well as direct, distribution and OEM sales for higher volume enterprises, including volume discounts to the degree allowed by the telecommunications providers. We anticipate, but cannot guarantee, steadily increasing revenues from these product offerings. Our management believes that our products provide a cost-effective and technologically competitive solution to address the increasing problems of network security and cyber security in general. Marketing Our multi-channel marketing strategy includes: 1. The addition of resellers, agents distributors (our strategic sales channel) who distribute and resell our products and services to enterprise and commercial customers globally (technology and software product distributors, systems integrators, managed service companies, other security technology and software vendors, telecom companies, cyber security related product companies, etc.). 2. Application Service Provider (ASP) Partners: Our third-party service provides a hosting platform that facilitates faster implementations at competitive prices for our Cloud Service option 3. Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM): SFT products are sold to other security technology vendors that integrate ProtectID , GuardedID and, now, GuardedID Mobile SDK into their products (bundling) and services providing for monthly/annual increasing recurring revenues. They are also now able to sell and bundle Zerify Meet and Zerify Defender . 4. Technology and other providers and resellers, agents and distributors are interested in purchasing and or selling our new SafeVchat and PrivacyLok products as secure video conferencing products 5. Outside Independent consultants selling our products for commission only, focusing on the video conferencing, healthcare, legal, travel and consumer markets 10 Table of Contents Intellectual Property In November 2010, we received notice that the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO had issued an official Notice of Allowance for the patent application for the technology relating to our ProtectID product, titled Multi-Channel Device Utilizing a Centralized Out-of-Band Authentication System . In January 2011, we received notice that the USPTO issued to us Patent No. 7,870,599. This Out-of-Band Patent went through a USPTO Re-Examination process starting on August 16, 2011 and concluded on December 27, 2011, with all of our patent claims remaining intact and eight additional patent claims being added. Since 2011, we submitted additional continuation patents on the Out-of-Band Patent. The keystroke encryption technology we developed and use in our GuardedID product is protected by three patents and one continuation pending. In January 2013, we were assigned the entire right, title and interest in the Out-of-Band Patent from NetLabs, with the agreement of the developer, and the assignment was recorded with the USPTO. In February 2013, we executed a retainer agreement with our patent attorneys to aggressively enforce our patent rights as Out-of-Band Authentication was becoming the standard for authenticating consumers in the financial market and for many SaaS application users (e.g., SalesForce, Quickbooks, etc.). In February 2013, our patent attorneys submitted a new Out-of-Band Patent continuation, which was granted. In March 2013, our patent attorneys submitted a new Methods and Apparatus for securing user input in a mobile device Patent, which is now patent pending. Our MobileTrust product is the invention supporting the patent pending. In July 2013, we received notice that the USPTO had added 54 additional patent claims for our Out-of-Band patent we received in January 2011, by issuing to us Patent No. 8,484,698 thereby strengthening our position with clients and our current and potential lawsuits. In October 2013, we received notice that the USPTO issued to us Patent No. 8,566,608 Methods and apparatus for securing keystrokes from being intercepted between the keyboard and a browser. This protects our GuardedID product and the keystroke encryption portion of our MobileTrust products. In February 2014, we received a Notice of Allowance from the USPTO for our third patent relating to our Multi-Channel Device Utilizing a Centralized Out-of-Band Authentication System Patent No. 7,870,599. Upon receipt of this Out-of-Band patent we filed another continuation patent. In March 2014, we received Notice of Allowance from the USPTO for our second patent and first continuation of our Keystroke Encryption patent, which only furthers our protection for all mobile devices when utilizing any keyboard for data entry. Upon receipt of this Notice, we also filed another continuation patent for Patent No. 8,566,608. In April 2014, we were granted our third patent relating to our Multi-Channel Device Utilizing a Centralized Out-of-Band Authentication System Patent No. 8,713,701. In September 2014, we filed an International Patent for MobileTrust (PCT/US20114/029905). In March 2015, we received our third patent from the USPTO, Patent No. 8,973,107, of our Keystroke Encryption patent. This enhances our position for our Keystroke Encryption product, GuardedID , and our MobileTrust product. On March 28, 2013, we initiated patent litigation against PhoneFactor, Inc., a subsidiary of Microsoft Corporation, for alleged infringement of United States Patent No. 7,870,599 (the 599 Patent ). We filed a separate action against Microsoft Corporation based on its alleged infringement of the 599 Patent and two additional patents for out-of-band user authentication (U.S. Patent Nos.: 8,484,698 8,713,701). Both actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. On January 15, 2016, the litigation was settled and the parties executed a settlement agreement in the form of a Release and License Agreement. The terms and conditions of the Release and License Agreement are confidential except under limited conditions. As a consequence of the Release and License Agreement, the parties have moved to dismiss the action with prejudice, we have licensed the patents to Microsoft Corporation, and we received a non-disclosable one-time lump sum payment. 11 Table of Contents In June 2020, we were awarded an International European Patent, Application #14763895.1, for MobileTrust . While the MobileTrust International Patent was granted in Europe, the patent application in the United States was rejected. Our patent attorneys filed our fourth, fifth and sixth Out of Band continuation patents. We currently have three patents granted to us for Out-of-Band ProtectID (Patent Nos.: 7,870,599, 8,484,698 and 8,713,701). MobileTrust is also covered by our GuardedID patents. We cannot provide assurances that the latter patents will be granted in fiscal 2023. We plan to continue our strategy to aggressively enforce the patent rights relating to our granted Keystroke Encryption patents that help protect our GuardedID and MobileTrust products. We were granted three related keystroke encryption patents for which we received the most recent patent on March 3, 2015 (Patent Nos.: 8,566,608, 8,732,483 and 8,973,107). In June 2020, we also received an International Patent in Europe for MobileTrust (Patent Approved: Application #14763895.1). We have four trademarks that have been approved and registered: GuardedID , MobileTrust and CryptoColor . Also, BlockSafe Technologies, Inc. has one registered trademark: CyberDefender . A portion of our software is licensed from third parties and the remainder is developed by our own team of developers while leveraging some external consultant expertise as necessitated. We rely upon confidentiality agreements signed by our employees, consultants, and third parties to protect the intellectual property rights. Business Strategy Our primary strategy throughout 2023 is to focus on the growth and support of our channel partners, including distributors, resellers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) (subject to the impairments caused by COVID-19). Our internal sales team targets potential direct sales in industries that management believes provides the greatest potential for short term sales. These include small to medium sized financial institutions, government agencies, e-commerce, healthcare, legal and enterprise businesses. We are also executing agreements with strategic resellers and distributors for marketing, selling and supporting our products internationally. We primarily work with distributors, resellers and agents to generate the bulk of our sales internationally, realizing that this strategy takes longer to nurture, however it is progressing well. We are starting to realize positive results, however slowly, with our sales channel and anticipate, but cannot guarantee, a successful fiscal 2023, through the sales channel and from our new mobile and GuardedID MAC, ZerifyMeet and ZerifyDefender products with a concentration of sales already contracted. There can be no assurances, however, that we will succeed in implementing our sales strategy. Although management believes that there is an increasingly strong market for our products as the need for cyber security solutions increases globally, we have not generated substantial revenue from the sale of our products and there is no assurance we can secure a market sufficient to permit us to achieve profitability in fiscal 2023 (subject to the impairments caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the degree to which the economy rebounds post-pandemic). Most of the costs that we incur are related to salaries, professional fees, marketing, sales and research design. Our operations presently require funding of approximately 220,000 per month. We expect that our monthly cash usage for operations will increase slightly due to contracted and anticipated increased volumes and adding some targeted channel marketing programs. We anticipate that the areas in which we will experience the greatest increase in operating expenses is in marketing, selling, product support, product research and new technology development in the growing cyber security market. We are committed to maintaining our current level of operating costs until we reach the level of revenues needed to absorb any potential increase in costs. Competition The software development and services market is characterized by innovation and competition. There are several well-established companies within the authentication market that offer network security systems in our product market and newer companies with emerging technologies. We believe that our multi-patented Out-of-Band multi-factor identity authentication platform is an innovative, secure, adaptable, competitively priced, integrated network authentication platform. The main features of ProtectID include: an open architecture Out-of-Band platform for user authentication; operating system independence; biometric layering; soft mobile tokens; mobile authentication; secure website logon; Virtual Private Network VPN access; domain authentication; newly added Office 365 authentication and multi-level authentication. Unlike other techniques for increased network security, ProtectID does not rely on a specific authentication device or method (e.g., phone, tokens, smart cards, digital certificates, soft mobile tokens, or biometrics, such as a retinal or fingerprint scan). Rather ProtectID has been developed as an open platform that incorporates an unlimited number of authentication devices and methods. For example, once a user has been identified to a computer network, a system deploying our ProtectID authentication system permits the Out-of-Band authentication of that user by a telephone, iPhone, iPad, PDA, email, hard token, SSL client software, a biometric device such as a voice biometric, or others, before that user is permitted to access the network. By using Out-of-Band authentication methods, management believes that ProtectID , now protected through our ongoing litigation, with plans for additional litigation, provides a competitive product for customers with security requirements greater than typical name and password schemes for virtual private networks and computer systems with multiple users at remote locations, as examples. We also believe that our multi-patented keystroke encryption product, GuardedID , offers an additional competitive edge for network security and e-commerce applications that should provide greater levels of security and the ability to evolve over time based on newer technologies when made available. There is less competition for the keystroke encryption product and there are no well-established companies in this space, which explains our current growth in pilots and sales for GuardedID , especially relating to bundled channel partner programs. GuardedID is critical to help prevent key logging viruses, one of the largest sources of cyberattacks and data breaches. GuardedID also is protected with three patents. 12 Table of Contents Our patented technologies are used in Zerify Meet , our secure Video Conferencing Tool and Zerify Defender , which adds five levels of security for Zerify Meet Premium, which we believe is more secure than Zoom, Teams and other competitors products available in the growing marketplace. Although we believe that our suite of products offers competitive advantages, there is no assurance that any of these products will continue to increase its market share in the marketplace. Our competitors include established software and hardware companies that are likely to be better financed and to have established sales channels. Due to the high level of innovation in the software development industry, it is also possible that a competitor will introduce a product that provides a higher level of security than our products or which can be offered at prices that are more advantageous to the customer. BlockSafe Technologies, Inc. BlockSafe Technologies, Inc. BlockSafe was formed on December 1, 2017 in the State of Wyoming. BlockSafe is in the business of providing total cyber security solutions and has the licensee from us of our desktop anti-malware product called GuardedID and our one-of-a-kind mobile application called MobileTrust . BlockSafe is intended to be developed as an enterprise focused on using our licensed technology in the field of cryptocurrency and its use of blockchains. Small revenues have been generated to date, primarily due to the effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. There can be no assurances on the success of this project or any profitability arising from BlockSafe. In prior years, the Company agreed to issue crypto currency tokens as part of its financing activities. As of December 31, 2022, no tokens have been developed or issued. There is no assurance as to whether, or at what amount, or on what terms, tokens will be available. Moreover, there can be no assurance how such technology will function, which could expose us to legal and regulatory issues. Cryptocurrency and its use of blockchains is still in the development stage and receiving mixed results. The Securities and Exchange Commission has, in its dissemination of information to the public, expressed that tokens in the United States would be treated as securities pursuant to the Howey Test. This standard has been adopted, in various forms, in numerous other jurisdictions. The European Union and China are contemplating their own form of cryptocurrency and Facebook Libra cryptocurrency recently lost the support of PayPal (see https://www.independent.co.uk/topic/cryptocurrency, which article is not incorporated by reference to this filing). On March 30, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission s Division of Examinations announced its 2022 examination priorities which included the review of the use of crypto-assets as one of its top five priorities for review. This review and any regulatory rules and regulations arising from this review may impact the BlockSafe business. In addition, legal and regulatory developments could render the technology impermissible, which could have a material adverse effect on BlockSafe and us. At December 31, 2022, noncontrolling interests represent 51 of BlockSafe. BlockSafe meets the definition of a variable interest entity VIE and based on the determination that we are the primary beneficiary of BlockSafe, we consolidated BlockSafe s operating results, assets and liabilities. We and BlockSafe have a management agreement pursuant to which BlockSafe shall remit a management fee of 36,000 per month to us, and when BlockSafe reaches a milestone of 1,000,000 in financing, an additional management fee of 5,000,000 shall be owed to us, payable monthly over three years. The management fee is eliminated in consolidation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of VIE cash on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets can be used only to settle obligations of BlockSafe, and the amounts of VIE accounts payable, VIE Notes Payable, VIE Accrued Interest, and VIE Financing Obligation have no recourse to our general credit. . 13 Table of Contents In June 2018, two members of our management team, George Waller, our Executive Vice President and Ramarao Pemmaraju, our Chief Technical Officer, were appointed to BlockSafe to serve as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technical Officer, respectively. Additionally, our Chief Executive Officer of Zerify, Mark L. Kay, also an appointee to the Board of Directors of BlockSafe, was appointed as Chairman and President of BlockSafe. In 2018, our consolidated subsidiary, BlockSafe, issued promissory notes to investors in the aggregate of 775,500. As part of each promissory note agreement BlockSafe agreed to pay a financing obligation to the note holders equal to the note principal in tokens, as defined, to be issued by BlockSafe. In December 2018, BlockSafe agreed to issue 200,000 cryptocurrency tokens to an unrelated party for receipt of 50,000. In February 2019, the agreement was amended and the unrelated party is to receive an additional 100,000 tokens. No such tokens have been developed or issued as of December 31, 2022. From February 2019 to March 2019, BlockSafe agreed to issue 450,000 cryptocurrency tokens and 56,250 restricted shares of BlockSafe common stock to four unrelated parties for receipt of 122,500. The tokens or restricted stock of BlockSafe have not been issued as of December 31, 2022. From March to April 2019, five of the BlockSafe noteholders agreed to convert 295,500 of principal and 19,700 of accrued interest into 1,845,041 cryptocurrency tokens to be issued by BlockSafe. The tokens have not been issued as of December 31, 2022. We have used the funds received from investors pursuant to the promissory notes for the efforts mentioned below to develop the Tokens and to develop an additional product and prepare it for sale. We currently do not require additional funds for the development efforts. The steps we have taken to date in our efforts to develop tokens include completing a formal plan for the Tokens, obtaining professional advice regarding the legal implications of developing tokens, and we have a blockchain for our Tokens (BSAFE ). We have not yet finalized a budget for the development of Tokens, or hired a full development team, or completed the development of Tokens, and we have not developed any payment, trading, or custody platform or infrastructure related to the Tokens. The failure to develop or issue these Tokens as of December 31, 2022 does not constitute an event of default under the promissory notes. It should be noted however that the promissory notes were not repaid pursuant to their terms and are currently in default. At December 31, 2021, our consolidated subsidiary, BlockSafe, had recorded a financing obligation of 1,263,000 to be paid in tokens, as defined. At December 31, 2021 and through the date of this filing, BlockSafe. has not completed the development or issued any tokens. At December 31, 2022, as the development of the tokens has not been completed and tokens do not exist, and any amounts received for tokens are not considered equity or revenue, management determined that 100 of the obligation of 1,263,000 is a liability to be settled by BlockSafe., through the issuance of tokens, or through other means if tokens are never issued. We have stated to the note holders that once Zerify has the funds or BlockSafe sells the Tokens, the intent is to satisfy the outstanding balances as soon as possible. In the event that we are unable to satisfy the outstanding balances of the Notes, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In March 2019, an increase of the authorized shares of BlockSafe s common stock from one thousand (1,000) to one hundred million (100,000,000), 0.0001 par value, was ratified, effective upon the filing of an amendment to BlockSafe s Certificate of Incorporation with the Wyoming Secretary of State. The amendment was adopted in March 2019. 14 Table of Contents In March 2019, a 1:15,000 forward stock split of BlockSafe s issued and outstanding shares of common stock was ratified, effective upon the filing of an amendment to BlockSafe s Certificate of Incorporation with the Wyoming Secretary of State. The amendment was adopted in March 2019. Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC On April 15, 2021, StrikeForce formally closed a Member Interest Purchase Agreement in which StrikeForce acquired the entire Member Interests of Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. In April 2021, we issued 500,000 shares of common stock with a fair value of 36,000, for the purchase of Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC. At the date of acquisition, Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC had nominal assets and liabilities, no revenues and limited operating history. Furthermore, we also determined that the acquisition did not meet the requirement of a significant acquisition pursuant to the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC is a cybersecurity firm offering cyber, privacy data protection services including a personal cyber risk assessment, the industry s first cyber health score, report and custom action plan, as well as ongoing vulnerability scanning, hack monitoring and dark web intelligence monitoring. For more information, go to https://SecureCyberID.com (which website is expressly not included in this filing). Will Lynch, the prior sole member of Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC was hired by StrikeForce as the Director of Channel Distribution and not as a Named Executive Officer. A Director of Channel Distribution develops, services, and grows relationships with clients. Mr. Lynch has an annual salary of 100,000 and will also receive 2 net of all Channel sales. Mr. Lynch reports to our Executive Vice President and Marketing Director. Mr.Lynch, Director of Channel Distribution, tendered his resignation on December 2, 2022 and hasn t been replaced at StrikeForce, now called Zerify. Cybersecurity Risk Solutions is still in business and selling its products. Employees As of fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we had 16 employees and our relations with employees are good. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION You are advised to read this Form 10-K in conjunction with other reports and documents that we file from time to time with the SEC. In particular, please read our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we file from time to time. You may obtain copies of these reports directly from us or from the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549, and you may obtain information about obtaining access to the Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains information for electronic filers at its website http://www.sec.gov. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risk factors required pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 503(c) are not required for smaller reporting companies, however, we have determined to provide particular risk factors herein. e. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations and financial condition. If any events described in the risk factors actually occur, our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition could be materially harmed. In connection with the forward-looking statements that appear elsewhere in this annual report, you should also carefully review the cautionary statement referred to under Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements. The forward-looking statements made in this report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 15 Table of Contents SHOULD ONE OR MORE OF THE FOREGOING RISKS OR UNCERTAINTIES MATERIALIZE, OR SHOULD THE UNDERLYING ASSUMPTIONS OF OUR BUSINESS PROVE INCORRECT, ACTUAL RESULTS MAY DIFFER SIGNIFICANTLY FROM THOSE ANTICIPATED, BELIEVED, ESTIMATED, EXPECTED, INTENDED OR PLANNED. OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM HAS EXPRESSED SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN, WHICH MAY HINDER OUR ABILITY TO OBTAIN FUTURE FINANCING. We have yet to establish any history of profitable operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 8,829,000 and used cash in operating activities of 4,258,000, and at December 31, 2022, we had a stockholders deficit of 14,855,000. Also, at December 31, 2022, we are in default on notes payable and convertible notes payable in the aggregate amount of 2,825,000. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that these financial statements are issued. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 with respect to this uncertainty. This going concern opinion could materially limit our ability to raise additional funds through the issuance of new debt or equity securities and future reports on our financial statements may also include an explanatory paragraph with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern. At December 31, 2022, we had cash on hand in the amount of 192,000. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we received proceeds of 813,000 on the sale of common shares and warrants (see Note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). We believe we have enough cash to sustain operations through June 30, 2023. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to continue to implement our business plan. Currently, management is attempting to increase revenues by selling through a channel of distributors, value added resellers, strategic partners and original equipment manufacturers. While we believe in the viability of our strategy to increase revenues, there can be no assurances to that effect. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to increase our customer base and realize increased revenues. No assurance can be given that any future financing, if needed, will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, if needed, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity financing. We completed the development of our ProtectID platform at the end of June 2006, we completed the core development of our keyboard encryption and anti-keylogger product, GuardedID , in December 2006 and commenced deployment of our new mobile product, MobileTrust into the mobile stores in 2015. We completed GuardedID in 2016 and SafeVchat and PrivacyLok in 2021. Presently, (except for Zerify Meet and PrivacyLok which are in beta testing although we already earned revenues from Zerify Meet and Zerify Defender in 2022), all of the products are being sold and distributed. Our suite of products is targeted to the financial, e-commerce, corporate, government, healthcare, legal, insurance, technology and retail markets. We seek to locate customers in a variety of ways. These primarily include contracts with value added resellers and distributors (both inside the United States and internationally), direct sales calls initiated by our internal staff, exhibitions at security and technology trade shows, through the media, through consulting agreements, and through our agent relationships. Our sales generate revenue either as an Original Equipment Manufacturer OEM model, through a Hosting/License agreement, bundled with other of our products or through direct purchase by distributors and resellers. We price our products for cloud consumer transactions based on the number of transactions in which our software products are utilized. We also price our products for business applications based on the number of users. These pricing models provide us with one-time, monthly, quarterly and annual recurring revenues with volume discounts. We are also generating revenues from annual maintenance contracts, renewal fees and expect, but cannot guarantee, an increase in revenues based upon the execution of various agreements that we have recently concluded, primarily in the retail and insurance sectors. 16 Table of Contents WE WILL FACE INTENSE COMPETITION FROM OUR COMPETITORS THAT HAVE GREATER FINANCIAL, TECHNICAL AND MARKETING RESOURCES THAN WE DO. THESE COMPETITIVE FORCES MAY IMPACT OUR PROJECTED GROWTH AND ABILITY TO GENERATE REVENUES AND PROFITS, WHICH WOULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS AND THE VALUE OF YOUR INVESTMENT. We likely will face competition from alternate security software programs and services. As is typical of a new industry, demand and market acceptance for recently introduced services are subject to a high level of uncertainty and risk. In addition, the software industry is characterized by frequent innovation. As the market for computer security products evolves, it will be necessary for us to continually modify and enhance our existing products and develop new products. We believe that our competitors will enhance existing product lines and introduce new products. If we are unable to update our software to compete or to meet announced schedules for improvements and enhancements, it is likely that our sales will suffer and that potential customers will be lost to a competing company s product. Because the market for our services is new and evolving, it is difficult to predict the future growth rate, if any, and the size of this market. Substantial marketing activities have been implemented and will continue to be required to meet our revenue and profit goals. There can be no assurance we will be successful in such marketing efforts. There can be no assurance either that the market for our services will develop or become sustainable. Further, other companies may decide to provide services similar to ours. These companies may be better capitalized than us and we could face significant competition in pricing and services offered. IF WE DO NOT ADEQUATELY PROTECT THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, WE MAY EXPERIENCE A LOSS OF REVENUE AND OUR OPERATIONS MAY BE MATERIALLY IMPAIRED. We rely upon confidentiality agreements signed by our employees, consultants and third parties to protect the intellectual property. These agreements generally provide that the individual must keep confidential and not disclose to other parties any confidential information developed or learned by the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us except in limited circumstances. These agreements generally also provide that we shall own all inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering services to us. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information or result in the effective assignment to us of intellectual property and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or other breaches of the agreements. In addition, others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information that have been licensed to us or that we own, and in such case we could not assert any trade secret rights against such party. We cannot assure that we can adequately protect the intellectual property or successfully prosecute potential infringement of the intellectual property rights. Also, we cannot assure that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. Failure to protect the intellectual property rights would result in a loss of revenue and could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. OUR INABILITY TO RETAIN OUR KEY EXECUTIVE OFFICERS WOULD IMPEDE OUR BUSINESS PLAN AND GROWTH STRATEGIES, WHICH COULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS AND THE VALUE OF YOUR INVESTMENT. Our success depends, to a critical extent, on the continued efforts and services of our Chief Executive Officer, Mark L. Kay, our Chief Technical Officer and Inventor, Ramarao Pemmaraju, our Chief Technical Officer, and our Executive Vice President and Head of Marketing, George Waller. Were we to lose any of our key executive officers, we would be forced to expend significant time and money in the pursuit of a replacement, which would result in both a delay in the implementation of our business plan and the diversion of limited working capital. We can give you no assurance that we can find satisfactory replacements for these key executive officers at all, or on terms that are not unduly expensive or burdensome. We do not currently carry key-man life insurance policies on any of our employees, which would assist us in recouping our costs in the event of the loss of those officers. 17 Table of Contents THE INABILITY TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH COULD IMPEDE OUR ABILITY TO GENERATE REVENUES AND PROFITS AND TO OTHERWISE IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS PLAN AND GROWTH STRATEGIES, WHICH WOULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS AND THE VALUE OF YOUR INVESTMENT. We plan to grow rapidly, which will place strains on our management team and other of our resources to both implement more sophisticated managerial, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls and to hire, train and manage the personnel necessary to implement those functions. Our staff is currently comprised of ten people and we believe that in order for us to achieve our goals, it will be necessary to further expand our personnel, particularly in the area of sales, support services, technology development and client support. As we grow, we also expect to increase detailed and pertinent internal and administrative controls and procedures, require further product enhancements and customization of our existing products for specific clients, as well as enter new geographic markets. We do not presently have in place the corporate infrastructure common to larger organizations. We do not, for example, have a separate human resources department or purchasing department designed for a larger organization. Some of our key personnel do not have experience managing large numbers of personnel. Substantial expansion of our organization will require the acquisition of additional information systems and equipment, a larger physical space and formal management of human resources. It will require that we expand the number of people within our organization providing additional administrative support (or consider outsourcing) and to develop and implement additional internal controls appropriate for a larger organization. Our experience to date in managing the minimal growth has been positive, without product failures or breakdowns of internal controls. The time and costs to effectuate our business development process may place a significant strain on our management personnel, systems and resources, particularly given the limited amount of financial resources and skilled employees that may be available at the time. There can be no assurance that we will integrate and manage successfully new systems, controls and procedures for our business, or that our systems, controls, procedures, facilities and personnel, even if successfully integrated, will be adequate to support our projected future operations. There can be no assurance that any expenditure incurred during this expansion will ever be recouped. Any failure to implement and maintain such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. THE REGULATION OF PENNY STOCKS BY SEC AND FINRA (FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY, INC.) MAY DISCOURAGE THE TRADABILITY OF OUR SECURITIES AND THEREBY MAKE IT HARD FOR INVESTORS TO SELL THEIR SHARES AT THE TIME AND PRICES THEY MIGHT OTHERWISE EXPECT. We are a penny stock company. We are subject to a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes special sales practice requirements upon broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers or accredited investors. For purposes of the rule, the phrase accredited investors means, in general terms, institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000, or individuals having a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or having an annual income that exceeds 200,000 (or that, when combined with a spouse s income, exceeds 300,000). For transactions covered by the rule, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination of the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Effectively, this discourages broker-dealers from executing trades in penny stocks. Consequently, the rule will affect the ability of purchasers in this offering to sell their securities in any market that might develop, because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stocks . Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Because our securities constitute penny stocks within the meaning of the rules, the rules would apply to us and to our securities. The rules will further affect the ability of owners of shares to sell their securities in a market that might develop for them because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. Shareholders should be aware that, according to the Securities and Exchange Commission Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, leaving investors with losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 18 Table of Contents RULE 144 SALES IN THE FUTURE MAY HAVE A DEPRESSIVE EFFECT ON OUR STOCK PRICE AS AN INCREASE IN SUPPLY OF SHARES FOR SALE, WITH NO CORRESPONDING INCREASE IN DEMAND WILL CAUSE PRICES TO FALL. All of the outstanding shares of common stock held by the present officers, directors, and affiliate stockholders are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who is an affiliate or officer or director who has held restricted securities for six months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1.0 of a company s outstanding common stock. There is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate after the owner has held the restricted securities for a period of six months if the company is a current reporting company under the 1934 Act. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. FINRA SALES PRACTICE REQUIREMENTS MAY ALSO LIMIT A STOCKHOLDER S ABILITY TO BUY AND SELL OUR STOCK. In addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. BECAUSE WE ARE QUOTED ON THE OTCMARKETS.COM INSTEAD OF AN EXCHANGE OR NATIONAL QUOTATION SYSTEM, OUR INVESTORS MAY HAVE A MORE DIFFICULT TIME SELLING THEIR STOCK OR EXPERIENCE NEGATIVE VOLATILITY ON THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR STOCK. Our common stock is traded on OTCMarkets.com. The OTCMarkets.com is often highly illiquid. There is a greater chance of volatility for securities that trade on the OTCMarkets.com as compared to a national exchange or quotation system. This volatility may be caused by a variety of factors, including the lack of readily available price quotations, the absence of consistent administrative supervision of bid and ask quotations, lower trading volume, and market conditions. Investors in our common stock may experience high fluctuations in the market price and volume of the trading market for our securities. These fluctuations, when they occur, have a negative effect on the market price for our securities. Accordingly, for the reasons above, our stockholders may not be able to realize a fair price from their shares when they determine to sell them or may have to hold them for a substantial period of time until the market for our common stock improves. WE HAVE IDENTIFIED MATERIAL WEAKNESSES IN OUR DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING. Maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. As discussed in Item 9A Controls and Procedures of this Form 10-K, we have evaluated our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that they were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 19 Table of Contents A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses we identified are (1) We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness; (2) Our board of directors has no independent director or member with financial expertise which causes ineffective oversight of our external financial reporting and internal control over financial reporting; (3) We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. We are committed to remediating its material weaknesses as promptly as possible. Implementation of our remediation plans has commenced and is being overseen by the board. However, there can be no assurance as to when these material weaknesses will be remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. Even effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. Any failure to remediate the material weaknesses, or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. We have identified weaknesses in our internal controls, and we cannot provide assurances that these weaknesses will be effectively remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not occur in the future. If not remediated, our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. VOLATILITY IN OUR COMMON SHARE PRICE MAY SUBJECT US TO SECURITIES LITIGATION, THEREBY DIVERTING OUR RESOURCES THAT MAY HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON OUR PROFITABILITY AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. As discussed in the preceding risk factors, the market for our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention and resources. COMPLIANCE WITH CHANGING REGULATION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE WILL RESULT IN ADDITIONAL EXPENSES AND POSE CHALLENGES FOR OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM . Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC regulations, have created uncertainty for public companies and significantly increased the costs and risks associated with accessing the U.S. public markets. In addition, the current federal administration has indicated significant regulatory modifications and we cannot foresee the impact of any revised regulations. Our management team will need to devote significant time and financial resources to comply with both existing and evolving standards for public companies, including the policies of the recently appointed Chairman of the SEC, which will lead to increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. 20 Table of Contents COVID-19. We cannot, at this point, determine the extent to which ongoing COVID-19 pandemic will impact business or the economy as both are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. THE OUTBREAK OF THE CORONAVIRUS MAY NEGATIVELY IMPACT SOURCING AND MANUFACTURING OF THE PRODUCTS THAT WE SELL AS WELL AS CONSUMER SPENDING, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . The significant outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we applied for funding pursuant to the Small Business Administration program. The Paycheck Protection Program provided forgivable funding for payroll and related costs as well as some non-payroll costs. We applied for funding and we received (on April 17, 2020) funding in the amount of 313,000. In June 2021, the April 2020 PPP loan of 313,000 was forgiven by the SBA. Pursuant to ASC 470, Debt, we recorded a gain of 313,000 to extinguish the PPP loan and accrued interest of 4,000. The Economic Injury Disaster Loan provides low-interest, long-term financing. We applied for funding and received (on May 18, 2020) funding in the amount of 150,000. In March 2021, we applied for funding and were approved for a second round of Paycheck Protection Program forgivable financing in the amount of 177,000. In November 2021, the March 2021 PPP loan of 177,000 was forgiven by the SBA. Pursuant to ASC 470, Debt, we recorded a gain of 177,000 to extinguish the PPP loan and accrued interest of 1,000. THE OUTBREAK OF THE COVID-19 MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR CUSTOMERS. Further, such risks as described above could also adversely affect our customers financial condition, resulting in reduced spending for the merchandise we sell. Risks related to an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, such as COVID-19, could also lead to the complete or partial closure of one or more of our facilities or operations of our sourcing partners. The ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis on our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of such epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis and actions taken to contain or prevent their further spread, among others. These and other potential impacts of an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, such as COVID-19, could therefore materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. An economic recession had set in from the pandemic in 2020 and continued into 2021. Some companies are not receiving payments and in turn, as a consequence of limited cash flow, are not prepared to purchase our products. COVID-19 has led to some of our customers and potential customers being stricken with the virus causing them to not be able to work for many weeks and therefore causing delays for us in our marketing decisions. This outbreak could decrease spending, adversely affect demand for our products, and harm our business and results of operations. It is not possible for us to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak or the timing and the degree to which economic recovery will be realized post-pandemic and, consequently, its effects on our business or results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity, at this time. The global impact of COVID-19 and actions taken to reduce its spread continues to rapidly evolve and we will continue to monitor the situation and the effects on our business and operations closely. We do not yet know the full extent of potential impacts on our business or operations or on the global economy as a whole, particularly if the COVID-19 pandemic continues and persists for an extended period of time. The length of time it may take for global vaccine distribution and more normal economic and operating conditions to resume remains uncertain and the economic recovery period could continue for a prolonged period even after the health risks of the pandemic subside. Given the uncertainty, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact on our future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. To the extent the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described in this Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of COVID-19 s impact to our business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and our results presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future years. 21 Table of Contents THE OUTBREAK OF COVID-19 HAS RESULTED IN A WIDESPREAD HEALTH CRISIS THAT COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE ECONOMIES AND FINANCIAL MARKETS WORLDWIDE AND COULD EXPONENTIALLY INCREASE THE RISK FACTORS DESCRIBED IN OUR PRIOR FILINGS. SHOULD ONE OR MORE OF THE FOREGOING RISKS OR UNCERTAINTIES MATERIALIZE, OR SHOULD THE UNDERLYING ASSUMPTIONS PROVE INCORRECT, ACTUAL RESULTS MAY DIFFER SIGNIFICANTLY FROM THOSE ANTICIPATED, BELIEVED, ESTIMATED, EXPECTED, INTENDED OR PLANNED. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements about our business, financial condition and prospects that reflect our management s assumptions and good faith beliefs based on information currently available. We can give no assurance that the expectations indicated by such forward-looking statements will be realized. If any of our assumptions should prove incorrect, or if any of the risks and uncertainties underlying such expectations should materialize, our actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. The key factors that are not within our control and that may have a direct bearing on operating results include, but are not limited to, acceptance of our proposed services and the products we expect to market, our ability to establish a customer base, managements ability to raise capital in the future, the retention of key employees and changes in the regulation of our industry. There may be other risks and circumstances that management may be unable to predict. When used in this filing, words such as, believes, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, estimates and similar expressions are intended to identify and qualify forward-looking statements, although there may be certain forward-looking statements not accompanied by such expressions. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS This Item is not applicable to us as we are not an accelerated filer, a large accelerated filer, or a well-seasoned issuer; however, we have not received written comments from the Commission staff regarding our periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within the last 180 days before the end of our last fiscal year. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We operate from leased offices located at 1090 King Georges Post Road, Suite #603, Edison, New Jersey 08837. We do not hold any material investments in other real or personal property other than office equipment. We paid a monthly base rent of 4,542 from February 2020 through January 2021 and 4,678 from February 2021 through January 2022. We paid a monthly base rent of 4,818 from February 2022 through January 2023 and currently paying 4,963 from February 2023 thru January 2024. Our leased offices are adequate for our needs. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Constantino Zanfardino, Derivatively on Behalf of Nominal Defendant Zerify, Inc., formerly known as Strikeforce Technologies, Inc. v. Mark L. Kay, Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller, Defendants, and Zerify, Inc. formerly known as Strikeforce Technologies, Inc., Nominal Defendant (U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey, Civil Action No. 2:22-cv-07258-MCA-AME) On December 13, 2022, a claimed stockholder, Constantino Zanfardino Plaintiff ), filed a stockholder derivative Complaint against the Company s directors, Mark L. Kay, Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller (collectively, Defendants ). Plaintiff asserts claims against each of the Defendants for breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment resulting from Defendants alleged wrongdoing in their management of the Company. Through the litigation, Plaintiff seeks judgment against each of the Defendants in favor of the Company. On March 3, 2023, the Defendants filed a Memorandum of Law in Support of their Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff s Complaint. On March 10, 2023, the Defendants served a motion to dismiss the complaint upon the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff s opposition to the Defendants motion to dismiss is due on May 9, 2023. Defendants are vigorously defending this litigation. At this time, it is not possible to estimate the ultimate outcome of this litigation. Onstream Media Corporation The Company is currently engaged in several patent litigations brought by Onstream Media Corporation in the United States District Court, District of Wyoming. The parties are currently in negotiations to resolve all of the pending cases. The cases and their filing dates follow: Case Date Filed Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00191 (DWY) September 9, 2022 Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00192 (DWY) September 9, 2022 Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00193 (DWY) September 9, 2022 Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00194 (DWY) September 9, 2022 Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00195 (DWY) September 9, 2022 Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00196 (DWY) September 9, 2022 Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00197 (DWY) September 9, 2022 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 22 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. (A) MARKET INFORMATION Our registration statement on Form SB-2 was declared effective by the SEC in August 2005 and our shares were approved for listing on the OTC Bulletin Board by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) in December 2005. Prior to December 2005, there was no public market for the common stock. Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board maintained by OTCMarkets.com (OTC: Pink) under the symbol ZRFY . The following sets forth high and low bid price quotations for each calendar quarter during the last fiscal years that trading occurred or quotations were available, calculated based on the result post-prior reverse splits of our common stock. Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Quarter Ended: Low: High: March 31, 2021 0.0970 0.1068 June 30, 2021 0.0472 0.0510 September 30, 2021 0.0635 0.0860 December 31, 2021 0.0405 0.0440 March 31, 2022 0.0339 0.0589 June 30, 2022 0.0197 0.0419 September 30, 2022 0.0084 0.0220 December 31, 2022 0.0052 0.0100 The closing bid price for our shares of common stock on March 9, 2023 was .0055. Our common stock is considered a low-priced security under the Penny Stock rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, broker-dealers participating in transactions in these securities must first deliver a risk disclosure document which describes risks associated with these stocks, broker-dealers duties, customers rights and remedies, market and other information, and make suitability determinations approving the customers for these stock transactions based on financial situation, investment experience and objectives. Broker-dealers must also disclose these restrictions in writing, provide monthly account statements to customers, and obtain specific written consent of each customer. With these restrictions, the likely effect of designation as a low-priced stock is to decrease the willingness of broker-dealers to make a market for the stock, to decrease the liquidity of the stock and increase the transaction cost of sales and purchases of these stocks compared to other securities. (B) HOLDERS As of March 10, 2023, there were approximately 535 holders of the common stock on record with our transfer agent. (C) DIVIDENDS We have not previously paid any cash dividends on common stock and do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends on common stock in the foreseeable future. Our present intention is to utilize all available funds to develop and expand our business. The only restrictions that limit the ability to pay dividends on common equity, or that are likely to do so in the future, are those restrictions imposed by law and those restrictions imposed under contractual obligation. Under Wyoming corporate law, no dividends or other distributions may be made which would render a company insolvent or reduce assets to less than the sum of liabilities plus the amount needed to satisfy outstanding liquidation preferences. 23 Table of Contents Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors, and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors as our board may deem relevant at that time. (D) RECENT ISSUANCES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES During the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to our offering under Regulation A+, we issued 40,100,000 shares of common stock in exchange for cash of 180,000, net of direct fees and commissions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 30,105,936 shares of its common stock for services, with a fair value of 423,000. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued a total of 100,000,000 shares of common stock and received cash of 1,440,000, net of direct costs (see Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). Subsequent issuances Subsequent to our year end of December 31, 2022 and pursuant to the Company s Qualified Regulation A Offering, we issued 176,599,998 shares of common stock in exchange for cash of 795,000, net of direct fees and commissions. As part of the offering, we also issued warrants to certain investors and placement agent to purchase 35,319,999 shares of common stock. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at 0.02 per share and will expire in five years. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, pursuant to our private placement under Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, we sold 78,000,000 warrants to purchase shares of common stock in exchange for cash of 18,000, net of direct fees and commissions. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at 0.02 per share and will expire in five years. All of the above offerings and sales, except the afore-mentioned shares issued pursuant to a conversion of convertible notes, were made in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, based on the following: (a) the investors confirmed to us that they were accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 and had such background, education and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the securities; (b) there was no public offering or general solicitation with respect to the offering; (c) the investors were provided with certain disclosure materials and all other information requested with respect to us ; (d) where applicable, the investors acknowledged that all securities being purchased were restricted securities for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, and agreed to transfer such securities only in a transaction registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or exempt from registration under the Securities Act; and (e) where applicable, a legend was placed on the certificates representing each such security stating that it was restricted and could only be transferred if subsequent registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or transferred in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities None. ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data. As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 24 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward-Looking Statements The following is management s discussion and analysis (|MD A of certain significant factors that have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying financial statements, as well as information relating to the plans of our current management. This report includes forward-looking statements. Generally, the words believes, anticipates, may, will, should, expect, intend, estimate, continue, and similar expressions or the negative thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including the matters set forth in this report or other reports or documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those projected. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto and other financial information contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Our MD A is comprised of significant accounting estimates made in the normal course of its operations, overview of our business conditions, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources and contractual obligations. We did not have any off balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2021 or 2022. The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon its financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (or GAAP ). The preparation of those financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of its financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Background We are a software development and services company that offers a suite of integrated computer network security products using proprietary technology. Our ongoing strategy is developing and marketing our suite of network security products to the corporate, financial, healthcare, legal, government, technology, insurance, e-commerce and consumer sectors. We plan to continue to grow our business primarily through our expanding sales channel and internally generated sales, rather than by acquisitions. We hold a 49 interest in BlockSafe Technologies, Inc., and, as of April 2021, we hold a 100 interest in Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the spread of COVID-19 a pandemic. This outbreak continues to spread throughout the U.S. and around the world. As a result, authorities continue to implement numerous measures to try to contain the virus, including restrictions on travel, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, business restrictions and complete shutdowns. We are not considered an essential business due to the industries and customers we serve. As of, and subsequent to, December 31, 2022, we have been following the recommendations of the CDC and state/local health authorities to minimize exposure risk for our team members during the pandemic, including the temporary closure of our corporate office and having our team members work remotely. During the second quarter of 2021, we reopened our corporate office while continuing to adhere to the guidelines issued by health authorities. Many customers and vendors have transitioned to electronic submission of invoices and payments. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in longer response times from potential new customers and certain existing customers. We cannot anticipate the effect that the impairments caused by the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our fiscal 2023 results, or the effectiveness and distributions of vaccines, boosters, and their distribution, changes to mask mandate policies and to transitioning from a pandemic to an endemic. The pandemic has significantly impacted the economic conditions both in the United States and worldwide, with accelerated effects through the date of this Annual Report, as federal, state and local governments react to the public health crisis, creating significant uncertainties in both the worldwide and the United States economies. The situation is rapidly changing, including the onset of the ongoing subsequent waves of the virus caused by the possibility of various variants over time, and additional impacts to our business may arise that we are not aware of currently. We cannot predict whether, when or the manner in which, the conditions surrounding COVID-19 will change including the timing of lifting any restrictions or office closure requirements. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of COVID-19 s impact to our business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and our results presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future periods in 2023, or beyond. 25 Table of Contents During the year ended December 31, 2021, we believe the COVID-19 pandemic did impact our operating results as sales to customers were down 7 as compared from the year ended December 31, 2020. However, we have not observed any impairments of our assets or a significant change in the fair value of our assets due to the COVID-19 pandemic. At this time, it is not possible for us to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak and its effects on our business or results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. We have been following the recommendations of health authorities to minimize exposure risk for our team members, including the temporary closure of our corporate office and having team members work remotely. Most customers and vendors have transitioned to electronic submission of invoices and payments. Management believes that cyber security is a growing requirement as the pandemic continues, more people are working remotely as well as using digital forms on a regular basis. Consequently, the market demand, in our estimation, is increasing. However, we are also experiencing the impact of the ongoing pandemic. Currently our management is not working from our office location and impedes our ability to take full advantage of the increasing market demand. Many of our current clients have experienced a dramatic slowdown in their business, limiting their ability to have the resources to pay for our services. We still generate revenues and we anticipate, but cannot guarantee, we will have the resources to advance our secure video conferencing tool, Zerify Meet and Zerify Defender , that provides authentication and encryption (using our existing products), for which we believe will have a great interest in the market. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned revenues of 10,000 from Zerify Meet and Zerify Defender and overall revenues of 103,000. Our executive office is located at 1090 King Georges Post Road, Suite 603, Edison, NJ 08837. Our telephone number is (732) 661-9641. At December 31, 2021, we had 10 employees. Our website is www.zerify.com (formerly www.strikeforcetech.com (we are not including the information contained in our website as part of, nor should the information be relied upon or incorporated by reference into, this report on Form 10-K/A). Results of Operations FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 103,000 compared to 193,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 90,000 or 47 . The decrease in revenues was primarily due to a decrease in revenues relating to our ProtectID , GuardedID and MobileTrust and Zerify Meet products, as affected by impairments related to the economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. Revenues are derived from software and services. Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 34,000 compared to 27,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 7,000 or 26 . The increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase in the fees related to our product offerings. Cost of revenues are fees and key fobs related to our revenues, and as a percentage of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 33.0 compared to 14.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Compensation, professional fees, and selling, general and administrative (collectively, SGA expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 7,711,000 compared to 9,448,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1,737,000. The decrease was due primarily to a decrease in stock-based compensation, offset by an increase in compensation/benefits expenses and professional fees. SG A expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and overhead costs for executive and administrative personnel, insurance, fees for professional services, including consulting, legal, and accounting fees, plus travel costs and non-cash stock compensation expense for the issuance of stock options to employees and other general corporate expenses. 26 Table of Contents Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 580,000 compared to 566,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 14,000 or 2 . The increase was primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits of the personnel conducting research and development. The salaries, benefits and overhead costs of personnel conducting research and development of our software products primarily comprises our research and development expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, other expense was 607,000 as compared to other expense of 7,397,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease in other expense of 6,790,000 or 91 . The decrease was primarily due to decreases in financing expense, interest expense, debt discount amortization, the change in the fair value of derivative liabilities and the loss on debt extinguishment. Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8,829,000 compared to 17,245,000 for year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 8,416,000, or 49 . The decrease was primarily due to decreases in stock-based compensation, financing expense, interest expense, debt discount amortization, the change in the fair value of derivative liabilities and the loss on debt extinguishment, offset by increased compensation/benefits expenses and professional fees. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our total current assets at December 31, 2022 were 212,000, as compared with 2,121,000 in total current assets at December 31, 2021, which included cash of 2,084,000. Additionally, we had a stockholders deficit in the amount of 14,855,000 at December 31, 2022 compared to a stockholders deficit of 11,589,000 at December 31, 2021. We have historically incurred recurring losses and have financed our operations through loans, principally from affiliated parties such as our directors, and from the proceeds of debt and equity financing. We financed our operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily from the cash balance from the year ended December 31, 2021 and from proceeds of equity instruments and notes payable issued during fiscal 2022. On August 12, 2022, our registration statement on Form S-1 was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This registration statement registered 50,000,000 shares with underlying common stock purchase warrants. The common stock purchase warrants were exercised contemporaneously with the execution of exercise agreements. We received aggregate gross proceeds of 500,000 from the cash exercise of the common stock purchase warrants by the exercising holders and such holders, as a condition to exercising their common stock purchase warrants, were issued an aggregate of 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock and, as a condition to exercising the common stock purchase warrants early, new common stock purchase warrants were issued to purchase an aggregate additional 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, pursuant to the Company s Qualified Regulation A Offering, we issued 176,599,998 shares of common stock in exchange for cash of 795,000, net of direct fees and commissions. As part of the offering, we also issued warrants to certain investors and placement agent to purchase 35,319,999 shares of common stock. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at 0.02 per share and will expire in five years. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, pursuant to our private placement under Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, we sold 78,000,000 warrants to purchase shares of common stock in exchange for cash of 18,000, net of direct fees and commissions. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at 0.02 per share and will expire in five years. Going Concern We have yet to establish any history of profitable operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 8,829,000 and used cash in operating activities of 4,258,000, and at December 31, 2022, we had a stockholders deficit of 14,855,000. In addition, we are in default on notes payable and convertible notes payable in the aggregate amount of 2,825,000. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 27 Table of Contents At December 31, 2022, we had cash on hand in the amount of 192,000. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we received proceeds of 813,000 on the sale of common shares and warrants (see Note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). We believe we have enough cash to sustain operations through June 30, 2023. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to continue to implement our business plan. Currently, management is attempting to increase revenues by selling through a channel of distributors, value added resellers, strategic partners and original equipment manufacturers. While we believe in the viability of its strategy to increase revenues, there can be no assurances to that effect. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to increase its customer base and realize increased revenues. No assurance can be given that any future financing, if needed, will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, if needed, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity financing. Changes in Authorized Shares and Forward Split of BlockSafe Shares In April 2020, an increase of our authorized common stock shares from twelve billion (12,000,000,000) to seventeen billion (17,000,000,000), 0.0001 par value, was ratified, effective upon the filing of an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Wyoming Secretary of State. The amendment was adopted in April 2020. In April 2020, our Board of Directors and the holders of a majority of the voting power approved a resolution to effectuate a 500:1 Reverse Stock Split resolution for a reduction in the authorized common stock from seventeen billion (17,000,000,000) to fourteen billion (14,000,000,000), 0.0001 par value. The amendment was adopted in June 2020. In December 2020, a decrease of the authorized shares of our common stock from fourteen billion (14,000,000,000) to four billion (4,000,000,000), 0.0001 par value, was ratified, effective upon the filing of an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Wyoming Secretary of State. The amendment was adopted in December 2020. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues, result of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures. Critical Accounting Policies Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include those related to accounting for financing obligations, assumptions used in valuing stock instruments issued for services, assumptions used in valuing derivative liabilities, the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, and the accrual of potential liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue Recognition The Company follows the guidance of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . ASC 606 creates a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contracts, which includes (1) identifying the contracts or agreements with a customer, (2) identifying our performance obligations in the contract or agreement, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations, and (5) recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the services it transfers to its clients. 28 Table of Contents The Company s revenue consists of revenue from sales and support of our software products. Revenue primarily consists of sales of software licenses and subscriptions of our ProtectID , GuardedID , MobileTrust , Zerify Meet and Zerify Defender products. We recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably over the contractual service period. For service contracts, the Company s performance obligations are satisfied, and the related revenue is recognized, as services are rendered. The Company offers no discounts, rebates, rights of return, or other allowances to clients which would result in the establishment of reserves against service revenue. Additionally, to date, the Company has not incurred incremental costs in obtaining a client contract. Cost of revenue includes direct costs and fees related to the sale of our products. Share-Based Payments The Company periodically issues stock options, warrants, and shares of common stock as share-based compensation to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The Company accounts for such grants issued and vesting based on FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) whereby the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized as compensation expense on the straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Company recognizes the fair value of stock-based compensation within its Statements of Operations with classification depending on the nature of the services rendered. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. The Company evaluates embedded conversion features within its convertible debt to determine whether the embedded conversion features should be bifurcated from the host instrument and accounted for as a derivative. The fair value of the embedded derivatives are determined using the trinomial/binomial valuation method at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 1 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Additional Information You are advised to read this Form 10-K in conjunction with other reports and documents that we file from time to time with the SEC. In particular, please read our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we file from time to time. You may obtain copies of these reports directly from us or from the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549, and you may obtain information about obtaining access to the Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains information for electronic filers at its website http://www.sec.gov. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 29 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Please see pages F-1 through F-25. Zerify, Inc. Index to Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID NO: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Stockholders and Board of Directors of Zerify, Inc. Edison, NJ Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Zerify, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss and utilized cash in operations, and at December 31, 2022, had a stockholders' deficit. In addition, 2,867,000 of notes payable were in default as of that date. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. F-2 Table of Contents Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. As discussed in Notes 11 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company issues stock options and stock warrants to certain officers, employees and consultants as compensation (the Equity Awards ). The fair values of these Equity Awards were determined as of the grant date using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model (the Black-Scholes Model ). The selection of the valuation methodology and assumptions utilized in the Black-Scholes Model are based, in part, upon assumptions for which management is required to use judgment, particularly the risk-free interest rate, volatility, and dividend yield. We identified the valuation of the Equity Awards as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to determine the grant date fair values. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased expenditure of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s valuation methodology and related assumptions, including the risk-free interest rate, volatility, and dividend yield. Our audit procedures related to the determination of the fair values of the Equity Awards, including the valuation methodology and related assumptions such as the risk-free interest rate, volatility, and dividend yield, consisted of the following, among others: We obtained an understanding of management s process over the valuation of the Equity Awards, including those over the determination of the valuation methodology and related assumptions, including the risk-free interest rate, volatility, and dividend yield. We obtained and read the Equity Award agreements and management s valuation analyses, including supporting schedules and related narrative information. We evaluated management s valuation methodology, including the selection of the model to determine the fair values of the Equity Awards. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s valuation assumptions and the underlying source information of significant valuation assumptions, including the risk-free interest rate, volatility, and dividend yield. We assessed whether management s calculations of the fair values were applied in accordance with the selected methodology, including testing the mathematical accuracy of the valuation analyses. We developed independent estimates for the fair values of the Equity Awards based on assumptions utilized by the Company in its calculations. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. April 14, 2023 F-3 Table of Contents ZERIFY, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash (includes VIE balances of and , respectively) Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses (includes VIE balances of and , respectively) Convertible notes payable, net of discount of and , respectively (including and in default) Convertible notes payable related parties Notes payable, net of discount of and , respectively (including and in default, respectively) (includes VIE balances of and , respectively) Notes payable related parties Accrued interest (including and due to related parties, respectively) (includes VIE balances of and , respectively) Contingent payment obligation VIE Financing obligation Operating lease liability, current portion Derivative liability Total current liabilities Notes payable, long-term portion Operating lease liability, long-term portion Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders Deficit Series A Preferred stock, no par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Series B Preferred stock par value : shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Preferred stock series not designated par value : shares authorized; none issued or outstanding Common stock par value : shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Zerify, Inc. stockholders deficit Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiary Total Stockholders Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents ZERIFY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Operating expenses: Cost of revenue Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense): Interest and financing expenses (including 121,000 and 121,000 to related parties) Debt discount amortization Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Other expense Other income (expense), net Net loss Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to Zerify, Inc. Deemed dividend to warrant holders Net loss to common stockholders Net loss per common share -Basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding -Basic and diluted See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents ZERIFY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 Series A Preferred stock, no par value Series B Preferred stock, par value 0.10 Common stock, par value 0.0001 Additional Paid-in Accumulated Noncontrolling Total Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Interest Deficit Balance at January 1, 2020 Common stock issued for cash - - Fair value of common stock issued for services - - Fair value of vested options - - - Fair value of common stock issued as a financing cost - - Common stock issued upon cashless exercise of warrants - - Common stock issued upon cashless exercise of options - - Common stock issued upon conversion of notes and accrued interest - - Common stock issued upon conversion of debt settlement - - Net loss - - - Balance at December 30, 2021 Common stock issued upon exercise of warrants for cash - - Common stock issued for cash - - Fair value of warrants granted for services - - - Fair value of warrants issued with notes payable accounted for as debt discount - - - Fair value of common stock issued for services - - Fair value of vested options Deemed dividend to warrant holders - Repurchase of common stock and warrants - Net loss - - Balance at December 31, 2022 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents ZERIFY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of discount Financing costs Right-of-use asset Fair value of common stock issued for services Fair value of vested options and warrants Fair value of common stock issued for financing services Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Loss on extinguishment of debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest Operating lease liability Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of warrants Proceeds from sale of common stock Proceeds from sale of convertible notes Proceeds from notes payable Repayment of convertible note payable Repayment of notes payable Repurchase of common stock and warrants Repayment of convertible notes payable-related parties Repayment of notes payable-related parties Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash at beginning of the year Cash at end of the year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Income tax paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions Fair value of derivative upon issuance of convertible debt recorded as debt discount Fair value of warrant recorded as debt discount Common stock issued for conversion of notes and accrued interest Common shares issued upon conversion of debt settlement Warrants issued with convertible notes See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents ZERIFY, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 and used cash in operating activities of and had a stockholders deficit of . Additionally, at December 31, 2022, the Company is in default on notes payable and convertible notes payable in the aggregate amount of . These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that these financial statements are issued. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash on hand in the amount of . Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we received net proceeds of on the sale of common shares and warrants (see Note 15). The Company believes it has enough cash to sustain operations through June 30, 2023. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to continue to implement its business plan. Currently, the Company plan to increase revenues includes selling through a channel of distributors, value added resellers, strategic partners and original equipment manufacturers, of which there are no assurances of success. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to increase its customer base and realize increased revenues. Additionally, the Company is at risk of the unavailability of financing and even if available, not on satisfactory terms. and which may contain undue restrictions on its operations or cause substantial dilution from financing. F-8 Table of Contents of BST and is owned by three of the Company s executive officers. BST meets the definition of a variable interest entity VIE because the Company is the primary beneficiary of BST. BST s operating results, assets and liabilities are consolidated by the Company. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company and BST have a management agreement pursuant to which BST is required shall remit a monthly management fee of to the Company; when BST reaches in financing, BST will owe the Company an additional monthly management fee of approximately for a three year period. The management fee is eliminated in consolidation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of VIE cash on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets can be used only to settle obligations of BST. The amounts of VIE accounts payable, VIE Notes Payable, VIE Accrued Interest, and VIE Financing Obligation have no recourse to the Company s general creditors. COVID-19 , compared to the prior year, however, there have not been any impairments of the Company s assets or a significant change in the fair value of its assets due to the COVID-19 pandemic. the Company cannot predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak and its effects on the Company s business or results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. The Company has been following the recommendations of health authorities to minimize exposure risk for its team members during the pandemic, including the temporary closure of its corporate office and having team members work remotely. During the second quarter of 2021, the Company reopened its corporate office while continuing to adhere to the guidelines issued by health authorities. Many customers and vendors have transitioned to electronic submission of invoices and payments. Use of Estimates Revenue Recognition F-9 Table of Contents Service Total revenue Accounts Receivable and , respectively. Property and Equipment Computer software Furniture and fixture Office equipment Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Upon sale or retirement of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the statements of operations. Management assesses the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment, management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize any impairment for its property and equipment. F-10 Table of Contents Income Taxes Leases Fair Value of Financial Instruments (see Note 9). Derivative Financial Instruments F-11 Table of Contents Loss per Share Warrants to purchase common stock Convertible notes Convertible Series B Preferred stock Total Advertising, Sales and Marketing Costs and , respectively. Research and Development Costs and , respectively. F-12 Table of Contents and of revenues, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, sales to three customers comprised , and of revenues, respectively. At December 31, 2022, no customer comprised more than of accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, two customers comprised and of accounts receivable, respectively. The Company maintains the majority of its cash balances with one financial institution, in the form of demand deposits. The Company believes that no significant concentration of credit risk exists with respect to its cash balances because of its assessment of the creditworthiness and financial viability of the financial institution. Segments Recent Accounting Pronouncements F-13 Table of Contents Computer software Furniture and fixtures Office equipment Less accumulated depreciation Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. (b) Convertible note with Diagonal Lending Unsecured (c) Convertible notes with fixed conversion features, in default Convertible notes payable Less debt discount Total Convertible notes payable (a) During fiscal 2005, the Company issued notes payable to DART/Citco Global in the aggregate of . The notes bear interest at an average rate of per annum and matured in December 2010. The aggregate notes are convertible by the note holder into less than one share of the Company s common stock based on a fixed conversion price adjusted for applicable reverse stock splits that occurred in prior fiscal years. In fiscal 2009, the note holders agreed to the forbearance of any interest on the notes payable to DART/Citco Global. In August 2021, the notes were assigned to Aktieselskabet Arbejdernes Landsbank AL-Bank ), a Denmark based financing institution. In September 2021, the Company executed a repayment agreement with AL-Bank requiring the Company to make monthly payments of to AL-Bank, starting in October 2021 and ending in March 2025 (see Note 15), for a total of . Once the payments are made in full pursuant to the repayment agreement, the remaining balance of will be forgiven and will be accounted for at that time. At December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of convertible notes payable amounted to . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the unsecured convertible notes payable amounted to . The convertible notes payable, including accrued interest are convertible to approximately two shares of the Company s common stock. (b) On December 15, 2022, the Company issued a convertible note payable to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC Diagonal Lending for . , is due on December 15, 2023, and has a repayment penalty of of the unpaid principal and unpaid interest if prepaid within 180 days of December 15, 2022. The convertible note payable is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of of the two lowest daily volume weighted average price VWAP of the Company s common stock during the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion date. As the ultimate determination of shares of common stock to be issued upon conversion of these debentures can exceed the current number of available authorized shares, the Company determined that the conversion features of these debentures are not considered indexed to the Company s own stock and characterized the fair value of the conversion features as a derivative liability (see Note 9). Of the incurred derivative liability of related to the conversion feature of the debentures, was accounted as debt discount and the remaining as financing costs. The debt discount is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the corresponding debentures. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized debt discount was . The convertible notes payable, including accrued interest are convertible to approximately shares of the Company s common stock. F-14 Table of Contents . , were . The aggregate notes are convertible by the note holders into less than one share of the Company s common stock based on fixed conversion prices adjusted for applicable reverse stock splits that occurred in prior fiscal years. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of unsecured convertible notes payable amounted to and , respectively, and are deemed in default. The convertible notes payable, including accrued interest are convertible to approximately thirteen shares of the Company s common stock. per annum and will mature on , as amended. The aggregate notes are convertible by the note holders into less than one share of the Company s common stock at fixed conversion prices adjusted for applicable reverse stock splits. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the notes payable amounted to . (b) Notes payable issued by BST - in default (c) Note payable-EID loan Secured (d) Notes payable October 2022 (e) Notes payable - in default (f) Notes payable July 2022 Total notes payable principal outstanding Less debt discount Total notes payable Less current portion of notes payable, net of discount Long term notes payable (a) In previous years, the Company issued notes payable in exchange for cash. and matured starting in fiscal 2011 up to November 2021. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the notes payable was , respectively, and are in default. F-15 Table of Contents , and matured in September 2019. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the notes payable amounted to . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the BlockSafe notes payable amounted to , and are in default. (c) On May 15, 2020, the Company received a loan (the EID Loan from the Small Business Administration (SBA)under the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster Loan program. The EID Loan has a thirty-year term and bears interest at a rate of per annum. are deferred for twenty-four months and will commence in June 2022. The EID Loan may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The proceeds from the EID Loan must be used for working capital. The EID Loan contains customary events of default and other provisions customary for a loan of this type. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance of the EID loan amounted to and , respectively. The Company was in compliance with the terms of the EID loan as of December 31, 2022. (d) On October 26, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands company Walleye ), whereby Walleye purchased a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of One Million Dollars (the Note ), which is convertible by Walleye into shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock upon an Event of Default . On the Closing Date (specifically October 26, 2022), the Company received which represented the principal of less an original issue discount in the amount of paid to Walleye. . The Company shall have the right, exercisable on seven (7) Trading Days prior written notice to Walleye, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount then due under this Note prior to any default. Walleye may demand immediate repayment in the event of certain events, including a financing. In the event of default, Walleye shall have, as of and after any event of default, the option to cover the outstanding obligation of the Note time at of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable conversion (the Conversion Date or at any point during the four (4) Trading Day period immediately prior to the date of the applicable conversion. In addition, on the Closing Date, Walleye received a five year Fifty Million ) common stock purchase warrants, exercisable at per share which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date of October 26, 2022. The common stock purchase warrant has a cashless exercise provision (unless there is a registration statement registering the underlying shares to the common stock purchase warrants). As a result of these issuances and grants, the Company incurred the following (a) relative fair value of the warrants granted of ; and (b) original issue discounts of of the debentures for a total of which was allocated as debt discount. The debt discount is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the corresponding debentures. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized debt discount was . From October 26, 2022 until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, Walleye shall receive a right of participation and first right of refusal on subsequent financings as described in the Agreement. On October 26, 2022, through a Security Agreement of the same date, the Company s Subsidiaries (specifically BlockSafe Technologies, Inc. and Cyber Security Risk Solutions, LLC) agreed to guarantee and act as surety for payment of the Note. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the note payable was . (e) In fiscal 2019 and 2020, the Company issued notes payable aggregating . The notes bear interest at a rate starting from to per annum, each agreement secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company, maturing between March 2020 and July 2021. The Company also made principal payments of , and one unsecured note of was extinguished as part of a debt settlement obligation transaction. At December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the unsecured note agreements was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the secured notes payable was and is in default. F-16 Table of Contents . The notes bear average interest rate of per annum, each agreement secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and maturing in . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the secured notes payable was . per annum to per annum and will mature on , as amended. The outstanding balance of these notes payable at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to . . As part of issuance, the Company agreed to pay a financing obligation to the note holders equal to the note principal in tokens, as defined by promissory notes and subscription agreements that would be controlling with respect to any offer or sale of tokens to be issued by BlockSafe. In addition, the Company also agreed to issue tokens to an unrelated party in exchange for cash of . During the year ended December 31, 2019, BlockSafe agreed to issue tokens to unrelated parties in exchange for cash of . In addition, certain note holders of promissory notes issued by BlockSafe agreed to exchange of outstanding principal and accrued interest into the financing obligation to be paid by tokens to be issued by BlockSafe. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of financing obligations amounted to , respectively, to be paid in tokens. At December 31, 2022 and through the date of filing, BlockSafe has not developed or issued any tokens and there is no assurance as to whether, or at what amount, or on what terms, tokens will be available to be issued, if ever. At December 31, 2022, of the obligation of is a liability to be settled by BlockSafe, through the issuance of tokens, or through other means if tokens are never issued. from the Funders to allow the Company to pursue patent enforcement actions against alleged infringements of its patents. In exchange for the financing, the Funders are entitled to receive( after the payment of legal fees), the first from . The Funders are to be paid only if the Company achieves recoveries of claim proceeds. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has reflected the received from the Funders as a contingent payment obligation to be paid only if patent enforced claim proceeds are recovered. F-17 Table of Contents Exercise Price Expected Life (Years) - Volatility - Dividend Yield - Risk-Free Interest Rate - Fair value: Conversion feature The risk-free interest rate was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company uses the historical volatility of its common stock to estimate the future volatility for its common stock. The expected life of the conversion feature of the notes was based on the remaining term of the notes. The expected dividend yield was based on the fact that the Company has not customarily paid dividends in the past and does not expect to pay dividends in the future. At December 31, 2020, the balance of the derivative liabilities was . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the corresponding convertible notes payable were converted to equity. Pursuant to current accounting guidelines, the Company determined the final fair value of the derivative liability which amounted to and as a result, the Company recorded a change in fair value of . The Company also extinguished the derivative liability of as part of loss on debt extinguishment in accordance with current accounting guidelines. At December 31, 2021, the Company has no more instruments accounted as derivative liabilities. On December 15, 2022, the Company recognized derivative liabilities of upon issuance of additional secured convertible debentures (see Note 5). Pursuant to current accounting guidelines, the Company determined the fair value of the derivative liability on December 31, 2022 was , and as a result, recorded a change in fair value of as a component of other income and expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2022, the balance of the derivative liabilities was . per month, . The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Lease assets are presented as operating lease right-of-use assets and the related liabilities are presented as lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets pursuant to ASC 842, Leases. Operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Generally, the implicit rate of interest in arrangements is not readily determinable and the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The operating lease ROU asset includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. F-18 Table of Contents Other Information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) Average discount rate operating leases The supplemental balance sheet information related to leases for the period is as follows: Short-term operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Maturities of the Company s lease liabilities are as follows: 2024 Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest/present value discount Present value of lease liabilities Lease expenses were and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. shares of preferred stock, par value , the designations, rights, and preferences to be determined by the Board of Directors. On November 15, 2010, the Company changed its domicile from the State of New Jersey to the State of Wyoming. In addition to the shares of preferred stock authorized on October 21, 2010, on January 10, 2011, 100 shares of preferred stock were designated as Series A Preferred Stock and shares were designated as Series B Preferred Stock. The bylaws under the Wyoming Incorporation were amended to reflect the rights and preferences of each additional new designation. F-19 Table of Contents . The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into a number of common stock shares equal to the price of the Series B Preferred Stock divided by the par value of the Series B Preferred Stock. The option to convert the shares of Series B Preferred Stock may not be exercised until three months following the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock to the recipient shareholder. The Series B Preferred Stock shall have ten votes on matters presented to the shareholders of the Company for one share of Series B Preferred Stock held. The initial price of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be , (subject to adjustment by the Company s Board of Directors) until such time, if ever, the Series B Preferred Stock are listed on a secondary and/or public exchange. In February 2014, the Company s Board of Directors amended the conversion feature of the Series B Preferred Stock, to permit conversion to common shares at a 40 market discount to current market value at the time the Company receives a conversion request. Current market value is defined as the average of the immediately prior five trading day s closing prices. Additionally, when Series B Preferred Stock shares convert to the Company s common stock, the minimum price discount floor level is set at , as decided by the Company s Board of Directors. Series A Preferred Stock In 2011, the Company issued three shares of non-convertible Series A Preferred Stock valued at per share, or in the aggregate to three members of the management team. The Series A Preferred Stock are convertible into four times the total number of common shares plus the total number of shares of Series B preferred stock issued and outstanding at the time of conversion and have voting rights equal to eighty percent of the total issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. This effectively provided the management team, upon retention of their Series A Preferred Stock, voting control on matters presented to the shareholders of the Company. The shareholders of the Series A Preferred Stock have each irrevocably waived their conversion rights relating to the Series A Preferred Stock issued. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 3 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. There were no issuances of Series A Preferred stock during fiscal 2022 and 2021. Series B Preferred Stock The Series B Preferred Stock has preferential liquidation rights in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, . The Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible to a number of shares of common stock equal to the price of the Series B Preferred Stock divided by the par value of the Series B Preferred Stock. The option to convert the shares of Series B Preferred Stock may not be exercised until three months following the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock to the recipient shareholder. The Series B Preferred Stock shall have ten votes on matters presented to the shareholders of the Company for one share of Series B Preferred Stock held. The initial price of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be , (subject to adjustment by the Company s Board of Directors) until such time, if ever, the Series B Preferred Stock are listed on a secondary and/or public exchange. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding. There were no issuances of Series B Preferred stock during fiscal 2022 and 2021. F-20 Table of Contents common stock shares in exchange for cash of , net of direct fees and commissions. As part of the offering, the Company also issued warrants to certain investors and its placement agent to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at per share and will expire in . During the year ended December 31, 2021, pursuant to the Company s offering under Regulation A, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for cash of , net of direct fees and commission. As part of the offering, the Company also issued warrants to certain investors and placement agent to purchase million shares of common stock. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at per share and will expire in . Common Stock Issued for Services During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock for services, with a fair value of . The common shares were valued at the respective date of issuance. Included in this issuance were and shares issued to New to the Street in June and August of 2022 for services relating to a consulting agreement and were determined to have a fair value of and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock for services, with a fair value of . The common stock shares were valued at the respective date of issuances. Included in this issuance was shares of common stock with a fair value of , for the purchase of a complimentary business, Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC. At the date of acquisition, Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC had nominal assets and liabilities, no revenues and limited operating history. Furthermore, the Company also determined that the acquisition did not meet the requirement of a significant acquisition pursuant to the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Common Stock Issued on Conversion of Notes Payable and Accrued Interest During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of upon conversion of convertible notes payable and accrued interest. Common Stock Issued on Settlement of Debt During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of as debt settlement. Repurchase of common stock and warrants In May 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock and shares of warrants from an investor for . All shares repurchased by the Company were retired immediately upon acquisition. As of December 31, 2022, there are no shares held in treasury. Warrants The table below summarizes the Company s warrant activities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: - Granted Canceled/Expired - - - Exercised - - Balance, January 1, 2021 - Granted Canceled/Expired Exercised Balance, December 31, 2022 Balance outstanding and exercisable, December 31, 2022 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the intrinsic value of the warrants amounted to and , respectively. F-21 Table of Contents - Exercise of Warrants During the year ended December 31, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the warrant grant, 13,333,334 warrant shares were exercised on a cashless basis in exchange for common stock shares. In addition, warrant shares granted to a financing entity in fiscals 2019 and 2020 as part of a financing transaction was exercised. As a result of the exercise, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of . The common shares issued were valued at the date of issuance and recorded as a finance cost. Modification, Exercise and Grant of Warrants On May 5, 2022, the Company entered into an Inducement Offer to Exercise Common Stock Purchase Warrants Letter Agreements (the Exercise Agreements with certain of the holders of the Existing Warrants, the Special Equities Opportunity Fund, LLC and Gregory Castaldo, to exercise existing warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the Exercising Holders ). Pursuant to the Exercise Agreements, the Exercising Holders and the Company agreed that, subject to any applicable beneficial ownership limitations, the Exercising Holders would exercise their Existing Warrants (the Investor Warrants for shares of Common Stock underlying such Existing Warrants (the Exercised Shares at a reduced exercise price of per share of Common Stock. In order to induce the Exercising Holders to cash exercise the Investor Warrants, the Exercise Agreements provide for the issuance of new warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the New Warrants ), with such New Warrants to be issued in an amount equal to the number of the Exercised Shares underlying any Investor Warrants. The New Warrants are exercisable after issuance, provide for a cashless exercise provision if the shares of Common Stock underlying the New Warrants are not registered and terminate on the date that is five years following the issuance of the New Warrants. The New Warrants have an exercise price per share of 0.05. The New Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the New Warrants are not being registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and are being offered pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933. The Exercised Shares are registered for resale on effective registration statements previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result, these warrant holders exercised their warrants and the Company issued million shares of common stock for cash proceeds of , net of direct fees and commission. In August 2022, the Company modified the exercise price of the warrants granted to the two investors/warrant holders in May 2022 from per share to per share. As a result of this modification, the warrant holders exercised shares of warrants and the Company received in cash and issued shares of common stock. As a result of these transactions, the Company issued a total of million shares of common stock and received cash of , net of direct costs. F-22 Table of Contents warrants for services and financing activities that contained a provision requiring the Company to adjust the terms of the warrants when future financing events occur on more favorable terms. On December 21, 2022, and pursuant to the beneficial terms contained in the Company s Qualified Regulation A Offering, the Company modified the warrants by granting an additional warrants and adjusting the warrant exercise from price from per share to per share. Pursuant to current accounting guidelines, the Company recorded the incremental fair value of as a deemed dividend. Grant of Warrants for Services On July 1, 2022, the Company granted warrants to a consultant, to purchase shares of common stock for financing services rendered. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at of per share, will expire in years and with an estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the assumptions as set forth in the table below: Share Price Volatility Risk Free Rate Expected Term (yrs.) Dividend Rate On October 21, 2022, the Company granted warrants pursuant to a Financial Advisory Agreement, to purchase shares of common stock for advisory services rendered. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at of per share, will expire in years and with an estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the assumptions as set forth in the table below: Share Price Volatility Risk Free Rate Expected Term (yrs.) Dividend Rate During the year ended December 31, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the warrant grant, warrant shares were exercised on a cashless basis in exchange for shares of common stock. In addition, warrant shares granted to a financing entity in fiscals 2019 and 2020 as part of a financing transaction was exercised. As a result of the exercise, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of . The common shares issued were valued at the date of issuance and recorded as a finance cost. F-23 Table of Contents common stock purchase warrants, exercisable at per share, which shall be earned in full as of October 26, 2022. The estimated relative fair value of the warrants was determined to be using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the assumptions as set forth in the table below: Share Price Volatility Risk Free Rate Expected Term (yrs.) Dividend Rate and was increased to in November 2017 by unanimous consent of the Board of Directors. The table below summarizes the Company s stock option activities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: - Granted - Exercised - - Expired - - - Balance, December 31, 2021 - Granted Exercised - - - Expired - - - Balance outstanding, December 31, 2022 - Balance exercisable, December 31, 2022 - The following table summarizes information concerning the Company s stock options as of December 31, 2022: 3.0000 2.0000 0.0375 0.005 0.0045 0.0045 1,121,250,000 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the intrinsic value of outstanding options was and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an additional stock compensation expense of to account for options granted in the prior year that vested. The Company also granted options to purchase an aggregate of 67,500,000 shares of its common stock to employees. The options have an exercise price of per share, vest over six months, and expire in years, with a total fair value of approximately . The fair value of the options was determined using a Black-Scholes Merton Option Pricing model based on the following assumptions: (i) volatility rate of , (ii) discount rate of , (iii) zero expected dividend yield, and (iv) expected life of years. The Company recognized stock compensation expense of to account for the fair value of options that vested during the period. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized stock compensation amounted to approximately which will be recognized in fiscal 2023. F-24 Table of Contents to account for options granted in the prior year that vested. In addition, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock upon cashless exercise of options. The Company also granted options to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock to employees. The options have an exercise price of per share for option shares and 0.0375 for 65,000,000 option shares, vest over six months, and expire in 10 years, with a total fair value of approximately 5,400,000 using the Black-Scholes Merton Option Pricing model. The fair value of the options was determined using a Black-Scholes Merton Option Pricing model based on the following assumptions: (i) volatility rate of , (ii) discount rate of , (iii) zero expected dividend yield, and (iv) expected life of years. The Company recognized stock compensation expense of to account for the fair value of options that vested during the period. In February 2021, unvested options granted in fiscal 2020 were modified and such options became fully vested. Pursuant to current accounting guidelines, the Company remeasured the fair value of these options and determined their fair value to be and was recorded as stock compensation expense. State tax, net of federal benefit Change in valuation allowance on net operating loss carry-forwards Effective income tax rate Deferred tax assets consist of the following: Private placement costs Operating lease liability Loss on extinguishment of debt Net operating loss carryforwards Deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance Total The provisions of ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, require an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, based on all available objective evidence, including the existence of cumulative losses, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets were not fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company established a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. The Company intends to maintain a full valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets until sufficient positive evidence exists to support reversal of the valuation allowance. F-25 Table of Contents million and million was available at December 31, 2022 and 2021. For state NOL purposes approximately million and million was available at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Federal carryforwards expire on various dates through and the state carryforwards expire through . Due to restrictions imposed by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 regarding substantial changes in ownership of companies with loss carryforwards, the utilization of the Company s NOL may be limited as a result of changes in stock ownership. NOLs incurred subsequent to the latest change in control are not subject to the limitation. The Company s operations are based in New Jersey and it is subject to Federal and New Jersey state income tax. Tax years after 2016 are open to examination by United States and state tax authorities. The Company adopted the provisions of ASC 740, which requires companies to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authorities before any tax benefit can be recorded in the financial statements. ASC 740 also provides guidance on the recognition, measurement, classification and interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be recorded or disclosed. Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00192 (DWY) Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00193 (DWY) Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00194 (DWY) Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00195 (DWY) Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00196 (DWY) Onstream Media Corporation v. Zerify Inc. Case No. 22-cv-00197 (DWY) shares of common stock in exchange for cash of , net of direct fees and commissions. As part of the offering, the Company also issued warrants to certain investors and placement agent to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at per share and will expire in five years. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, pursuant to our private placement under Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, the Company sold warrants to purchase shares of common stock in exchange for cash of , net of direct fees and commissions. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at per share and will expire in five years. On February 23, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the AL-Bank note (see Note 3) that relieved the Company from its previously scheduled monthly payments for March and April 2023 by extending the maturity date of the note by an additional two months, or February and March of 2025. F-26 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE We have no disclosure required by this Item. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act require public companies to maintain disclosure controls and procedures, which are defined as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the effectiveness our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the following material weaknesses: 1. We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 2. Our board of directors has no independent director or member with financial expertise which causes ineffective oversight of our external financial reporting and internal control over financial reporting. 3. We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. To address these material weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Remediation of Material Weaknesses We intend to remediate the material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures identified above by adding an independent director or member with financial expertise or hiring a full-time CFO with SEC reporting experience in the future when working capital permits and by working with our independent registered public accounting firm to refine our internal procedures. (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during our most recently completed fiscal quarter or during 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION On September 8, 2017, our retail distributor, WYNIT Distribution, LLC, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the Minnesota Bankruptcy Court (Bankruptcy Petition #17-42726). WYNIT serves a wide range of customers, including large national retailers such as Home Shopping Network, Office Depot/Max, Best Buy Canada, Staples and others as well as smaller independent resellers. Our Management has filed the appropriate forms, for our benefit, with the Minnesota Bankruptcy Court, but recognizes that we are an unsecured creditor. As of the date of this filing, the WYNIT Distribution, LLC, Chapter 11 bankruptcy is still proceeding. 30 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. The following sets forth our executive officers and/or Directors, their ages, and all offices and positions held with us. Name Age Position Mark L. Kay 74 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Philip E. Blocker 66 Chief Financial Officer Ramarao Pemmaraju 62 Chief Technical Officer and Director George Waller 65 Executive Vice President and Marketing Director Our Directors hold their offices until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation, removal of office or death. Our executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors to serve until their successors are elected and qualified. The following is a brief description of the business experience of our executive officers who are also the Directors and significant employees: Mark L. Kay, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Mr. Kay joined us as our CEO in May 2003 following his retirement at JPMorganChase Co. In December 2008, a majority of the Board of Directors, by written consent, eliminated the position of our President, with those responsibilities being assumed by Mr. Kay. A majority of the Board of Directors also appointed Mr. Kay as the Chairman of the Board in December 2008. Prior to joining StrikeForce Mr. Kay was employed by JPMorganChase Co. from August of 1977 until his retirement in December 2002, at which time he was a Managing Director of the firm. During his tenure with JPMorganChase Co. Mr. Kay led strategic and corporate business groups with global teams up to approximately 1,000 people. His responsibilities also included Chief Operations Officer, Chief Information Officer, and Global Technology Auditor. Mr. Kay s business concentrations were in securities (fixed income and equities), proprietary trading and treasury, global custody services, audit, cash management, corporate business services and web services. Prior to his employment with JPMorganChase Co., Mr. Kay was a systems engineer at Electronic Data Services (EDS) for approximately five years from September 1972 through to August 1977. He holds a B.A. in Mathematics from CUNY. Philip E. Blocker, Chief Financial Officer Philip E. Blocker was appointed as our CEO in Oct 2011. Mr. Blocker was CFO of MediaServ, a NYC based Internet software development company, in 2001. Prior to MediaServ, Mr. Blocker was a partner in POLARIS, a 25 million technology reseller, specializing in storage and high availability solutions. He is a Certified Public Accountant and has practical experience with taking private companies public. 31 Table of Contents Ramarao Pemmaraju, Chief Technology Officer Mr. Pemmaraju became our Chief Technology Officer (CTO) in July 2022 and is the inventor of the ProtectID product. In May 1999 Mr. Pemmaraju co-founded NetLabs, which developed security software products. Mr. Pemmaraju concentrated his time on NetLabs from July 2001 through to July 2002. From June 2000 to July 2001 Mr. Pemmaraju was a systems architect and project leader for Coreon, an operations service provider in telecommunications. From October 1998 through May 2000, Mr. Pemmaraju was a systems engineer with Nexgen systems, an engineering consulting firm. Mr. Pemmaraju has over eighteen years experience in systems engineering and telecommunications. His specific expertise is in systems architecture, design and product development. Mr. Pemmaraju holds a M.S.E.E. from Rutgers University and a B.E. from Stevens Tech. George Waller, Executive Vice President and Head of Marketing Mr. Waller became our Vice President in charge of sales and marketing in June 2002. In July 2002, Mr. Waller became our CEO , a position he held until Mr. Kay joined us in May 2003. Since May 2003, Mr. Waller has been the Executive Vice President overseeing Sales, Marketing, Business Development and product development. From 2000 through June 2002, Mr. Waller was Vice President of business development for Infopro, an outsourcing software development firm. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Waller was Vice President of sales and Marketing for Teachmeit.com-Incubation systems, Inc., a multifaceted computer company and sister company to Infopro. From 1997 through 1999, Mr. Waller was the Vice President of Internet Marketing for RX Remedy, an aggregator of medical content for online services. Previously, Mr. Waller was a Vice President of Connexus Corporation, a software integrator. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any two or more of our directors or executive officers. There is no arrangement or understanding between any of our directors or executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer, and there is no arrangement, plan or understanding as to whether non-management shareholders will exercise their voting rights to continue to elect the current board of directors. There are also no arrangements, agreements or understandings to our knowledge between non-management shareholders that may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management of our affairs. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, during the past five years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director or executive officer of us: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of any competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the commodities futures trading commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. Board of Directors Our By-laws provide that there must be no less than one and no more than seven directors, as determined by the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors currently consists of three directors. 32 Table of Contents Directors need not be our stockholders or residents of the State of Wyoming. Directors are elected for an annual term and generally hold office until the next Directors have been duly elected and qualified. A vacancy on the Board may be filled by the remaining Directors even though less than a quorum remains. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy remains a Director until his successor is elected by the Stockholders at the next annual meeting of Shareholder or until a special meeting is called to elect Directors. Our executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors. During fiscal 2022, our Board of Directors met twelve times. The Board of Directors also uses written resolutions to deal with certain matters and, during fiscal 2022, twenty-two written resolutions were signed by a majority of the Directors. Compensation of Directors Our bylaws provide that, unless otherwise restricted by our certificate of incorporation, our Board of Directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, related to attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as our director. Our bylaws further provide that no such payment will preclude any director from serving us in any other capacity and receiving compensation. Further, members of special or standing committees may be given compensation for attending committee meetings. Committees We have two committees: the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. At this time, there are no members of either Committee. Our Board of Directors performs the acts of the Committees. None of our current directors are deemed independent directors as that term is used by the national stock exchanges or have the requisite public company accounting background or expertise to be considered an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We anticipate that the principal functions of the Audit Committee will be to recommend the annual appointment of our auditors, the scope of the audit and the results of their examination, to review and approve any material accounting policy changes affecting our operating results and to review our internal control procedures. We anticipate that our Compensation Committee will develop a Company-wide program covering all employees and that the goals of such program will be to attract, maintain, and motivate our employees. It is further anticipated that one of the aspects of the program will be to link an employee s compensation to his or her performance, and that the grant of stock options or other awards related to the price of the common shares will be used in order to make an employee s compensation consistent with shareholders gains. It is expected that salaries will be set competitively relative to the technology development industry and that individual experience and performance will be considered in setting salaries. At present, executive and director compensation matters are determined by a majority vote of the board of directors. We do not have a nominating committee. Historically our entire Board has selected nominees for election as directors. The Board believes this process has worked well thus far particularly since it has been the Board s practice to require unanimity of Board members with respect to the selection of director nominees. In determining whether to elect a director or to nominate any person for election by our stockholders, the Board assesses the appropriate size of the Board of Directors, consistent with our bylaws, and whether any vacancies on the Board are expected due to retirement or otherwise. If vacancies are anticipated, or otherwise arise, the Board will consider various potential candidates to fill each vacancy. Candidates may come to the attention of the Board through a variety of sources, including from current members of the Board, stockholders, or other persons. The Board of Directors has not yet had the occasion to, but will, consider properly submitted proposed nominations by stockholders who are not our directors, officers, or employees on the same basis as candidates proposed by any other person. 33 Table of Contents Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent (10 of our outstanding Common Stock, or the Reporting Persons, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership on Form 3 and reports of changes in ownership of Common Stock on Forms 4 or 5. Such persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all such reports they file. Based solely on a review of Forms 3 and 4 furnished to us by the Reporting Persons or prepared on behalf of the Reporting Persons by us, we believe that the Reporting Persons have complied with reporting requirements applicable to them. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings None of the following events have occurred during the past ten years and are material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of any of our directors or officers. : 1. A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 2. Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: a. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; b. Engaging in any type of business practice; or c. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 4. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 5. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 6. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 7. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: a. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or b. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or c. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity. 8. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 34 Table of Contents Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics contains standards that are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: Honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; Full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submits to, the Commission and in other public communications made by us; Compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; The prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to the board of directors or another appropriate person or persons; and Accountability for adherence to the code. Indemnification of Officers and Directors As permitted by Wyoming law, our Articles of Incorporation provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers against expenses and liabilities they incur to defend, settle, or satisfy any civil or criminal action brought against them on account of their being or having been our directors or officers unless, in any such action, they are adjudged to have acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct. Pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in that Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. Stockholder Communications with the Board Stockholders who wish to communicate with the Board of Directors should send their communications to the Chairman of the Board at the address listed below. The Chairman of the Board is responsible for forwarding communications to the appropriate Board members. Zerify, Inc. 1090 King George s Post Road Suite #603 Edison, NJ 08837 Attn: Mark L. Kay, Chairman Shareholder Recommendations for Board Nominees There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors. 35 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. Summary Compensation Table The following information is related to the compensation paid, distributed, or accrued by us for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) during the last fiscal year and the two other most highly compensated executive officers serving as of the end of the last fiscal year whose compensation exceeded 100,000 (the Named Executive Officers ). The foregoing persons are collectively referred to in this Form 10-K as the Named Executive Officers. Compensation information is shown for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Incentive Plan Securities Nonqualified Deferred Stock Option Underlying Compensation All Other Name/ Principal Salary Bonus Awards Awards Options/SARs Earnings Compensation Total Position Year ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Mark L. Kay 2022 190,000 10,000 - 88,000 - - - 288,000 Chief Executive Officer 2021 161,000 10,000 - 670,000 - - - 841,000 George Waller 2022 190,000 10,000 - 88,000 - - - 288,000 Executive Vice President 2021 161,000 10,000 - 670,000 - - - 841,000 Ramarao Pemmeraju 2022 190,000 10,000 - 88,000 - - - 288,000 Chief Technology Officer 2021 161,000 10,000 - 2,729,000 (1) - - - 2,899,999 (1) For 2021, represents the incremental fair value related to the modification of stock options granted to Ramarao Pemmaraju, computed in accordance with FASB Topic 718. In February 2021, 7,000,000 unvested options granted in fiscal 2020 were modified and such options became fully vested. Pursuant to current accounting guidelines, we remeasured the fair value of these options and determined their fair value to be 2,100,000. On July 31, 2010, Philip E. Blocker was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Blocker is not our employee. He received fee payments of 2,000 in 2022 and 2,000 in 2021. Mr. Blocker received no option awards in 2022 or 2021. 36 Table of Contents Outstanding Option Awards at Year End The following table provides certain information regarding unexercised options to purchase common stock, stock options that have not vested, and equity-incentive plan awards outstanding at December 31, 2022 for each Named Executive Officer and/or Director: Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-End Table Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) Mark L. Kay 1 - - 1,121,250,000 01/03/23 - - - - 72,000 - - 3.125 09/28/26 - - - - 20,000 - - 2.85 12/21/27 20,000 - - 2.05 12/17/29 10,000,000 - - 0.0375 12/22/31 10,000,000 - - 0.005 12/18/30 604,396 9,395,604 - 0.0045 12/22/32 George Waller 1 - - 1,121,250,000 01/03/23 - - - - 72,000 - - 3.125 09/28/26 - - - - 20,000 - - 2.85 12/21/27 20,000 - - 2.05 12/17/29 10,000,000 - - 0.0375 12/22/31 604,396 9,395,604 - 0.0045 12/22/32 Ramarao Pemmaraju 1 - - 1,121,250,000 01/03/23 - - - - 72,000 - - 3.125 09/28/26 - - - - 20,000 - - 2.85 12/21/27 20,000 - - 2.05 12/17/29 10,000,000 - - 0.0375 12/22/31 604,396 9,395,604 - 0.0045 12/22/32 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table None. Pension Benefits Table None. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table None. All Other Compensation Table None. Perquisites Table None. Director Compensation All three of our directors were also our executive officers through December 31, 2022. Our directors did not receive any separate compensation for serving as such during fiscal 2022. Non-Director Compensation In April 2021, Will Lynch was hired as the Director of Channel Distribution (a non-Executive Officer position). A Director of Channel Distribution develops, services, and grows relationships with clients. Mr. Lynch has an annual salary of 100,000 and will also receive 2 net of all Channel sales. Mr. Lynch reports to our Executive Vice President and Marketing Director. Mr. Lynch, tendered his resignation on December 2, 2022 hasn t been replaced at StrikeForce, now called Zerify. Cybersecurity Risk Solutions is still in business and selling its products. 37 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Share Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to the shares of common stock beneficially owned by: (i) each director; (ii) each executive officer; (iii) all current executive officers (regardless of salary and bonus level) and directors as a group; and (iv) each person or entity known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. The address for each director and executive officer is 1090 King Georges Post Road, Suite 603, Edison, New Jersey 08837. Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed in the table below have sole voting and investment powers with respect to the shares indicated: This table is based upon information obtained from our stock records. NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER AMOUNT OF OWNERSHIP(1) PERCENTAGE OF CLASS(2) (excluding Preferred Stock (11) Mark L. Kay 25,157,002 (3),(11) 1.5373 Ramarao Pemmaraju 41,971,457 (4),(5),(11) 2.5647 George Waller 26,574,354 (6),(7),(11) 1.6239 All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 93,702,813 (8) 5.7259 NetLabs.com, Inc. 2 (9),(10) 0.00000012 (1) A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such person within 90 days from the date hereof. (2) Based on 1,092,417,572 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022; also including 21 shares of common stock available upon the conversion of certain convertible loans, 1,255,638 shares of common stock available upon the conversion of Series B Preferred stock, 150,633,001 shares of common stock underlying common stock purchase options and 362,729,077 shares of common stock underlying warrants. (3) Includes 1 share of common stock available upon the conversion of certain convertible loans valued at 4,875,000,000,000 per share for 240,000 of convertibles and 3,656,250,000,000 per share for 28,000 of convertibles, 1 share of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 1,121,250,000 per share, 72,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 3.125 per share, 20,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.85 per share, 20,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.05 per share, 10,000,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0375 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0045 per share. Mark L. Kay, along with Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller each hold one share of Series A Preferred Shares which, collectively, allow the holders to vote up to 80 of the issued and outstanding shares of common and preferred stock; Mark Kay, along with Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller have irrevocably waived any conversion rights. 38 Table of Contents (4) Includes 1 share of common stock available upon the conversion of certain convertible loans valued at 4,875,000,000,000 per share for 25,000 of convertibles and 3,656,250,000,000 per share for 5,000 of convertibles, 2 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 1,121,250,000 per share, 116,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 3.125 per share, 30,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.85 per share, 30,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.05 per share, 15,000,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0375 per share, and 7,500,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0045 per share. Of the total shares, 64,002 shares, consisting of 1 share of common stock available upon the conversion of certain convertible loans valued at 4,875,000,000,000 per share for 25,000 of convertibles and 3,656,250,000,000 per share for 5,000 of convertibles, 44,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 3.125 per share, 10,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.85 per share, 10,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.05 per share, 5,000,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0375 per share, and 2,500,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0045 per share are in the name of Sunita Pemmaraju who is a family member and spouse of Ramarao Pemmaraju. Mark L. Kay, along with Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller each hold one share of Series A Preferred Shares which, collectively, allow the holders to vote up to 80 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock; Mark Kay, along with Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller have irrevocably waived any conversion rights. (5) Excludes shares owned by NetLabs.com, Inc. which is controlled by Ramarao Pemmaraju and another individual. (6) Includes 1 share listed in the name of Katherine LaRosa who is a spouse of George Waller. (7) Includes 1 share of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 1,121,250,000 per share, 72,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 3.125 per share, 20,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.85 per share, 20,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.05 per share, 10,000,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0375 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0045 per share. Mark Kay, along with Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller each hold one share of Series A Preferred Shares which, collectively, allow the holders to vote up to 80 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock; Mark Kay, along with Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller have irrevocably waived any conversion rights. (8) Includes 2 shares of common stock available upon the conversion of certain convertible loans valued at 4,875,000,000,000 per share for 265,000 of convertibles and 3,656,250,000,000 per share for 33,000 of convertibles, 4 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 1,121,250,000 per share, 260,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 3.125 per share, 70,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.85 per share, 70,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 2.05 per share, 35,000,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0375 per share, and 17,500,000 shares of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 0.0045 per share. Excludes the Series A Preferred Shares: Mark L. Kay, along with Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller, each hold one share of Series A Preferred Shares which, collectively, allow the holders to vote up to 80 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock; Mark Kay, along with Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller, have irrevocably waived any conversion rights. (9) Ramarao Pemmaraju controls NetLabs.com, Inc. along with another individual. (10) Includes 1 share of common stock underlying vested ten-year options valued at 975,000,000 per share. (11) Mark Kay, along with Ramarao Pemmaraju and George Waller hold 3 shares of preferred stock. The Series A Preferred Stock collectively has voting rights equal to eighty percent of the total current issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 39 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Equity Incentive Plan Information The following table sets forth as of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares of our common stock which may be issued upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and other rights under compensation plans approved by the shareholders, and under compensation plans not approved by the shareholders. The table also sets forth the weighted average purchase price per share of the shares subject to those options, and the number of shares available for future issuance under those plans. Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding option Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 150,633,001 0.0307 182,500,000 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A Total 150,633,001 0.0307 182,500,174 2012 Stock Option Plan In November 2012, the stockholders approved the 2012 Stock Option Plan for our employees, effective January 3, 2013. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the plan was 100,000,000. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan was increased to 200,000,000 in September 2016 by unanimous consent of our Board of Directors. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan was increased to 400,000,000 in November 2017 by unanimous consent of our Board of Directors. In December 2020, we awarded options to purchase 57,500,000 shares of our common stock to our management team and employees, exercisable at 0.005 per share, expiring ten (10) years from the date of grant and vesting over a six-month period. In February 2021, 12,250,000 unvested options granted in fiscal 2020 were modified and such options became fully vested. Pursuant to current accounting guidelines, we remeasured the fair value of these options and determined their fair value to be 3,675,000 and was recorded as stock compensation expense. We also recorded additional stock compensation expense of 2,712,000 to account for options granted in the prior year that vested. In addition, we also issued 17,208,335 shares of our common stock upon cashless exercise of 17,500,000 options. 40 Table of Contents In July 2021, we issued 13,557,693 shares of our common stock upon cashless exercise of 15,000,000 options. In September 2021, we issued 9,189,627 shares of the Company s common stock upon cashless exercise of 10,000,000 options. In October 2021, we awarded options to purchase 2,500,000 shares of our common stock to our management team and employees, exercisable at 0.005 per share, expiring ten (10) years from the date of grant and vesting over a six-month period. In December 2021, we awarded options to purchase 65,000,000 shares of our common stock to our management team and employees, exercisable at 0.0375 per share, expiring ten (10) years from the date of grant and vesting over a six-month period. The 2012 Stock Option Plan will terminate on October 5, 2022, the ten-year anniversary of its effective date (ratified by the shareholders on November 16, 2012). However, awards granted before the termination of the 2012 Stock Option Plan may extend beyond that date in accordance with their terms. The 2022 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan In January 20, 2023, the stockholders approved the 2022 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan for our employees, effective October 4, 2022. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the plan was 250,000,000. In December 2022, we awarded options to purchase 67,500,000 shares of our common stock to our management team and employees, exercisable at 0.045 per share, expiring ten (10) years from the date of grant and vesting over a six-month period. General Common Stock The shares of our common stock presently outstanding, and any shares of our common stock issues upon exercise of stock options and/or common stock purchase warrants, will be fully paid and non-assessable. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share owned on all matters voted upon by shareholders, and a majority vote is required for all actions to be taken by shareholders. In the event we liquidate, dissolve or wind-up our operations, the holders of the common stock are entitled to share equally and ratably in our assets, if any, remaining after the payment of all our debts and liabilities and the liquidation preference of any shares of preferred stock that may then be outstanding. The common stock has no preemptive rights, no cumulative voting rights, and no redemption, sinking fund, or conversion provisions. Since the holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares can elect all of our Directors, and the holders of the remaining shares, by themselves, cannot elect any Directors. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available for such purpose, subject to the dividend and liquidation rights of any preferred stock that may then be outstanding. In April 2020, an increase of the authorized shares of our common stock from twelve billion (12,000,000,000) to seventeen billion (17,000,000,000), 0.0001 par value, was ratified, effective upon the filing of an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Wyoming Secretary of State. The amendment was adopted in April 2020. On April 13, 2020, our Board of Directors and the holders of a majority of the voting power approved a resolution to effectuate a 500:1 Reverse Stock Split a resolution for a Reduction in Authorized from seventeen billion (17,000,000,000) Common Stock down to fourteen billion (14,000,000,000) Common Stock, 0.0001 par value. The amendment was adopted in June 2020. On November 13, 2020, our filing of an Offering Circular on Form 1-A, pursuant to Regulation A (File Number: 024-11267) was qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company registered 668,449,198 shares of common stock maximum proceeds of 2,315,000 (after deducting the maximum broker discount and costs of the offering). 41 Table of Contents In December 2020, a decrease of the authorized shares of our common stock from fourteen billion (14,000,000,000) to four billion (4,000,000,000), 0.0001 par value, was ratified, effective upon the filing of an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Wyoming Secretary of State. The amendment was adopted in December 2020. Preferred Stock On October 21, 2010, we amended our Articles of Incorporation in New Jersey to authorize 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.10. The designations, rights, and preferences of such preferred stock are to be determined by the Board of Directors. On November 15, 2010, we changed our domicile from the New Jersey to Wyoming. In addition to the 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized on October 21, 2010, on January 10, 2011, 100 shares of preferred stock were designated as Series A Preferred Stock and 100,000,000 shares were designated as Series B Preferred Stock. The bylaws under the Wyoming Incorporation were amended to reflect the rights and preferences of each additional new designation. The Series A Preferred Stock collectively has voting rights equal to eighty percent of the total current issued and outstanding shares of common stock. If at least one share of Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the aggregate shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have voting rights equal to the number of shares of common stock equal to four times the sum of the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding, plus the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock (or other designated preferred stock) which are issued and outstanding. The Series B Preferred Stock has preferential liquidation rights in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us , such liquidation rights to be paid from our assets not delegated to parties with greater priority at 1.00 per share or, in the event an aggregate subscription by a single subscriber of the Series B Preferred Stock is greater than 100,000,000, 0.997 per share. The Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible to a number of shares of common stock equal to the price of the Series B Preferred Stock divided by the par value of the Series B Preferred Stock. The option to convert the shares of Series B Preferred Stock may not be exercised until three months following the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock to the recipient shareholder. The Series B Preferred Stock shall have ten votes on matters presented to our shareholders for one share of Series B Preferred Stock held. The initial price of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be 2.50, (subject to adjustment by our Board of Directors) until such time, if ever, the Series B Preferred Stock are listed on a secondary and/or public exchange. In February 2014, our Board of Directors amended the conversion feature of the Series B Preferred Stock, to permit conversion to common shares at a 40 market discount to current market value at the time we receive a conversion request. Current market value is defined as the average of the immediately prior five trading day s closing prices. Additionally, when Series B Preferred Stock shares convert to our common stock, the minimum price discount floor level is set at 0.005, as decided by our Board of Directors. Series A Preferred Stock In 2011, we issued three shares of non-convertible Series A Preferred Stock valued at 329,000 per share, or 987,000 in aggregate to three members of the management team. The Series A Preferred Stock are convertible into four times the total number of common shares plus the total number of shares of Series B preferred stock issued and outstanding at the time of conversion and have voting rights equal to eighty percent of our total issued and outstanding common stock shares. . This effectively provided the management team, upon retention of their Series A Preferred Stock, voting control on matters presented to our shareholders. The shareholders of the Series A Preferred Stock have each irrevocably waived their conversion rights relating to the Series A Preferred Stock issued. Series B Preferred Stock The Series B Preferred Stock has preferential liquidation rights in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, such liquidation rights are to be paid from our assets not delegated to parties with greater priority at 1.00 per share or, in the event an aggregate subscription by a single subscriber of the Series B Preferred Stock is greater than 100,000,000, 0.997 per share. The Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible to a number of shares of common stock equal to the price of the Series B Preferred Stock divided by the par value of the Series B Preferred Stock. The option to convert the shares of Series B Preferred Stock may not be exercised until three months following the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock to the recipient shareholder. The Series B Preferred Stock shall have ten votes on matters presented to our shareholders for one share of Series B Preferred Stock held. The initial price of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be 2.50, (subject to adjustment by our Board of Directors) until such time, if ever, the Series B Preferred Stock are listed on a secondary and/or public exchange. 42 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022, there were 36,667 shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, 20,000 of which convert to common shares at a 25 market discount and 16,667 of which convert to common shares at a 30 market discount. All of the above offerings and sales, except the afore-mentioned shares issued pursuant to a conversion of convertible notes, were made in reliance upon the exemption from registration under Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, based on the following: (a) the investors confirmed to us that they were accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 and had such background, education and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the securities; (b) there was no public offering or general solicitation with respect to the offering; (c) the investors were provided with certain disclosure materials and all other information as requested ; (d) where applicable, the investors acknowledged that all securities being purchased were restricted securities for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, and agreed to transfer such securities only in a transaction registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or exempt from registration under the Securities Act; and (e) where applicable, a legend was placed on the certificates representing each such security stating that it was restricted and could only be transferred if subsequent registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or transferred in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933. Voting Rights Each holder of Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. The three shares of the issued and outstanding shares of the Series A preferred stock have voting rights equal to eighty percent of the total issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Dividends Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, if any, and any other restrictions, holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. We and our predecessors have not declared any dividends in the past. Further, we do not presently contemplate that there will be any future payment of any dividends on Common Stock. Amendment of our Bylaws Our bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of our outstanding shares. Subject to applicable law, our bylaws also may be adopted, amended or repealed by our Board of Directors. Transfer Agent Our transfer agent is Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC. Their address is One University Plaza, Suite 505, Hackensack, NJ 07601. 43 Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. None of the following parties has, since our date of incorporation, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us: Any of our directors or officers, except as described below; Any person proposed as a nominee for election as a director; Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; Any of our promoters; Any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons who has the same house address as such person. BlockSafe Technologies, Inc. BlockSafe Technologies, Inc. BlockSafe was formed on December 1, 2017 in Wyoming. BlockSafe is in the business of providing total cyber security solutions and is the licensee from our company of our desktop anti-malware product called GuardedID and a one-of-a-kind mobile application called MobileTrust . BlockSafe is intended to be developed as an enterprise focusing on using our licensed technology in the field of cryptocurrency and its use of blockchains. BlockSafe has limited revenues to date as it is still in the developmental stage. There can be no assurances on the success of this project or any profitability arising from BlockSafe. As of December 31, 2022, no tokens have been developed or issued. There is no assurance as to whether, or at what amount, or on what terms, tokens will be available. Moreover, there can be no assurance how such technology will function, which could expose us to legal and regulatory issues. Cryptocurrency and its use of blockchains is still in the development stage and receiving mixed results. The Securities and Exchange Commission has, in its dissemination of information to the public, expressed that tokens in the United States would be treated as securities pursuant to the Howey Test . This standard has been adopted, in various forms, in numerous other jurisdictions. The European Union and China are contemplating their own form of cryptocurrency and Facebook Libra cryptocurrency recently lost the support of PayPal (see https://www.independent.co.uk/topic/cryptocurrency, which article is not incorporated by reference to this filing). On March 30, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission s Division of Examinations announced its 2022 examination priorities which included the review of the use of crypto-assets as one of its top five priorities for review. This review and any regulatory rules and regulations arising from this review may impact the BlockSafe business. In addition, legal and regulatory developments could render the technology impermissible, which could have a material adverse effect on BlockSafe and us. In June 2018, two members of our management team, George Waller, our Executive Vice President and Ramarao Pemmaraju, our Chief Technical Officer, were appointed to BlockSafe to serve as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technical Officer, respectively. Additionally, our Chief Executive Officer of StrikeForce, Mark L. Kay, also an appointee to the Board of Directors of BlockSafe, was appointed as Chairman and President of BlockSafe. BlockSafe is owned 49 by the Company and 31 is owned by three of our executive officers. BlockSafe meets the definition of a variable interest entity VIE and based on the determination that we are the primary beneficiary of BlockSafe, we consolidated BlockSafe s operating results, assets and liabilities. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. At December 31, 2022, noncontrolling interests represents 51 of BlockSafe that we do not directly own. We and BlockSafe have a management agreement pursuant to which BlockSafe shall remit a management fee of 36,000 per month to us and when BlockSafe reaches a milestone of 1,000,000 in financing, an additional management fee of 5,000,000 shall be owed to us and payable monthly over three years. The management fee is currently eliminated in consolidation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of VIE cash on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets can be used only to settle obligations of BlockSafe, and the amounts of VIE accounts payable, VIE Notes Payable, VIE Accrued Interest, and VIE Financing Obligation have no recourse to our general credit. 44 Table of Contents Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC On April 15, 2021, StrikeForce formally closed a Member Interest Purchase Agreement in which StrikeForce acquired the entire Member Interests of Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. In April 2021, we issued 500,000 shares of common stock with a fair value of 36,000, for the purchase of Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC. At the date of acquisition, Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC had nominal assets and liabilities, no revenues and limited operating history. Furthermore, we also determined that the acquisition did not meet the requirement of a significant acquisition pursuant to the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC is a cybersecurity firm offering cyber, privacy data protection services including a personal cyber risk assessment, the industry s first cyber health score, report and custom action plan, as well as ongoing vulnerability scanning, hack monitoring and dark web intelligence monitoring. For more information, go to https://SecureCyberID.com (which website is expressly not included in this filing). Will Lynch, the prior sole member of Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC was hired by StrikeForce as the Director of Channel Distribution and not as a Named Executive Officer. A Director of Channel Distribution develops, services, and grows relationships with clients. Mr. Lynch has an annual salary of 100,000 and will also receive 2 net of all Channel sales.. Mr. Lynch, tendered his resignation on December 2, 2022 and hasn t been replaced at StrikeForce, now called Zerify. Cybersecurity Risk Solutions is still in business and selling its products. RELATED PARTY CONVERTIBLE NOTES In previous years, we issued convertible notes to related parties/officers in exchange for cash and/or services rendered. The notes are unsecured and are due on December 31, 2023, as amended. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the notes payable amounted to 268,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021, convertible notes payable aggregating 30,000 were repaid. In addition, the remaining noteholder also agreed to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2022 with no changes to the other terms of the notes payable. At December 31, 2020, accrued interest due on the convertible notes to related parties was 625,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021, interest of 68,000 was accrued, and accrued interest of 64,000 was subsequently repaid. The outstanding balance of these convertible notes at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to 693,000 and 693,000, respectively. RELATED PARTY PROMISSORY NOTES Notes payable-related parties promissory notes represent notes payable to our Chief Executive Officer ranging in interest rates of 0 per annum to 8 per annum. The notes are unsecured and have extended due dates of December 31, 2023. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of notes payable-related parties totaled 693,000 which are all due to our Chief Executive Officer. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Wyoming corporation law provides that: a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful; 45 Table of Contents a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys fees actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper; and to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation shall indemnify him against expenses, including attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense. Our articles of incorporation require us to indemnify our directors and officers against all damages incurred in connection with our business to the fullest extent provided or allowed by law. Our bylaws provide that we will advance all expenses incurred to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suite or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was our director or officer, or is or was serving at our request as a director or executive officer of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request. This advancement of expenses is to be made upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay said amounts should it be ultimately determined that the person was not entitled to be indemnified under our bylaws or otherwise. Our bylaws also provide that no advance shall be made by us to any officer in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made: (a) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the proceeding; or (b) if such quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to our best interests. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Commission this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Fees billed by Weinberg Company, P.A. for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to the Company s audit services were approved by the Audit Committee and paid by the Company. The following table shows the audit fees incurred for fiscal year 2022 and 2021: 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 132,500 107,500 Audit related fees (2) - - Tax fees (3) - - Total 132,500 107,500 46 Table of Contents (1) Audit Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those years and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory audits and SEC regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Audit-Related Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees . (3) Tax Fees This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. The Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed, with our management and independent registered public accounting firm, our audited financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our 2022 fiscal year. The Board has also discussed with the auditors the matters required to be discussed pursuant to SAS No. 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU Section 380), which includes, among other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of our financial statements. The Board has received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1 (Independence Discussions with Audit Committees) and has discussed with its auditors its independence from us. The Board has considered whether the provision of services other than audit services is compatible with maintaining auditor independence. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Board approved the inclusion of the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our 2022 fiscal year for filing with the SEC. Pre-Approval Policies The Board s policy is to pre-approve all audit services and all permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; provided, however, pre-approval requirements for non-audit services are not required if all such services (1) do not aggregate to more than five percent of total revenues paid by us to our accountant in the fiscal year when services are provided; (2) were not recognized as non-audit services at the time of the engagement; and (3) are promptly brought to the attention of the Board and approved prior to the completion of the audit. The Board pre-approved all fees described above. 47 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. Exhibit Number Description 1.1 Placement Agreement dated July 7, 2020, by and between StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. and Spencer Clarke LLC (23) 1.2 Addendum to Placement Agreement dated November 11, 2020, by and between StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. and Spencer Clarke LLC (25) 1.3 Addendum to Placement Agreement dated April 20, 2021, by and between StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. and Spencer Clarke LLC (28) 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. (1) 3.2 By-laws of StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. (1) 3.3 Amended By-laws of StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. (2) 3.4 Amended By-laws of StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. (3) 3.5 Articles of Amendment of StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. (2) 3.6 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (6) 3.7 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (7) 3.8 Registration of Classes of Securities (8) 3.9 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (9) 3.10 Registration of Classes of Securities (10) 3.11 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (11) 3.12 Registration of Classes of Securities (12) 3.13 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (13) 3.14 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (14) 3.15 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (15) 3.16 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (16) 3.17 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (17) 3.18 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (18) 3.19 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (22) 3.20 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation (26) 4.1 Form of Subscription Agreement (25) 4.2 Form of Convertible Promissory Note-Related Party (24) 4.3 Form of Promissory Note-Related Party (24) 10.1 Employment Agreement dated as of May 20, 2003, by and between StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. and Mark L. Kay (1) 10.2 Irrevocable Waiver of Conversion Rights of Mark L. Kay (4) 10.3 Irrevocable Waiver of Conversion Rights of Ramarao Pemmaraju (4) 10.4 Irrevocable Waiver of Conversion Rights of George Waller (4) 10.5 CFO Consultant Agreement with Philip E. Blocker (4) 10.6 2012 Stock Option Plan (5) 10.7 Asset Purchase Agreement between StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. and Cyber Safety, Inc., dated August 24, 2015 (18) 10.8 Amendment to the Asset Purchase Agreement and Distributor and Reseller Agreement between StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. and Cyber Safety, Inc. (19) 10.9 Execution of Litigation Funding Agreement (20) 10.10 BlockSafe Technologies, Inc. Intellectual Property License Agreement (21) 10.11 BlockSafe Technologies, Inc. Management Agreement (21) 10.12 BlockSafe Technologies, Inc. Amended Management Agreement (21) 10.13 Software License and Development Agreement, amendment two, by and between StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. and Intersections, Inc., dated October 1, 2010 (24) 48 Table of Contents 10.14 Form of Settlement and Exchange Agreement (26) 10.15 Cybersecurity Risk Solutions LLC Member Interest Purchase Agreement, dated April 15, 2021 (27) 21.1 List of Ownership Interests 31.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, promulgated pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (29) 31.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, promulgated pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (29) 32.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, promulgated pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (29) 32.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, promulgated pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (29) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). (29) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. (29) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. (29) 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. (29) 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. (29) 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. (29) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). (29) (1) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form SB-2 dated as of May 11, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. (2) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 4, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. (3) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 10-Q dated December 13, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. (4) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form S-1/A dated July 31, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. (5) Filed in conjunction with the Registrant s Form 14A filed October 5, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. (6) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 5, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. (7) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated May 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. (8) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-A dated July 29, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. (9) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated August 22, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. (10) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-A dated October 3, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. (11) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated October 3, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. (12) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-A dated December 31, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. (13) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated December 31, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. (14) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated March 18, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. (15) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated December 22, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. (16) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 13, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. (17) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated August 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. (18) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated August 24, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. (19) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. (20) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated September 11, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. (21) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. (22) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated June 25, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. (23) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 1-A dated July 13, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. (24) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 1-A.1 dated September 11, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. (25) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 1-A.1 dated November 12, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. (26) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. (27) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated April 19, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. (28) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 1A/A- dated April 26, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. (29) Filed herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K/A SUMMARY Not applicable. 49 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ZERIFY, INC. Dated: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Mark L. Kay Mark L. Kay Chief Executive Officer Dated: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Philip E. Blocker Philip E. Blocker Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Mark L. Kay Director April 14, 2023 Name: Mark L. Kay /s/ Ramarao Pemmaraju Director April 14, 2023 Name: Ramarao Pemmaraju /s/ George Waller Director April 14, 2023 Name: George Waller 50 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 zrfy_ex211.htm
 LIST OF OWNERSHIP INTERESTS
 
 zrfy_ex21.htm EXHIBIT 21.1 BlockSafe Technologies, Inc.: 49 holder. Cybersecurity Risk Solutions, LLC: 100 holder. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 zrfy_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 zrfy_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, Mark L. Kay, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Zerify, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: April 14, 2023 /s/ Mark L. Kay Mark L. Kay, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 zrfy_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 zrfy_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, Philip E. Blocker, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Zerify, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: April 14, 2023 /s/ Philip E. Blocker Philip E. Blocker, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 zrfy_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 zrfy_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Zerify, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Mark L. Kay, our Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2001, that: The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: April 14, 2023 /s/ Mark L. Kay Mark L. Kay, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 zrfy_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 zrfy_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Zerify, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Philip E. Blocker, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2001, that: The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: April 14, 2023 /s/ Philip E. Blocker Philip E. Blocker Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 zrfy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 zrfy-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 zrfy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 zrfy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

