<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230427_10-K_edgar_data_1409197_0001213900-23-033118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4898051</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141599</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1042902</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1004097</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1381679</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1206009</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-033118.hdr.sgml : 20230427
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230427125859
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-033118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230427
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230427

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bespoke Extracts, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				204743354
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52759
		FILM NUMBER:		23854046

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2590 WALNUT ST.
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-633-3738

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2590 WALNUT ST.
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DiMi Telematics International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120319

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST QUANTUM VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Quantum Ventures Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-033118.txt : 20230427

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_bespoke.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to ________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was
approximately million. 

As of April 27, 2023, there were shares
of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Bespoke Extracts, Inc. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 5 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 12 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 12 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 12 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 12 

PART II 
 
 13 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 13 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 
 
 14 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 14 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 17 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 17 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 
 
 18 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 18 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 19 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 19 

PART III 
 
 20 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 20 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 22 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 24 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 25 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 25 

PART IV 
 
 26 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 26 

Signatures 
 
 27 

i 

PART I 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions
and on information currently available to our management and involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include statements
regarding our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions, which are subject to change at any time at our discretion. Forward-looking
statements include our assessment, from time to time of our competitive position, the industry environment, potential growth opportunities
and the effects of regulation. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by
terms such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, 
 hopes, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, 
 should, will, would or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss
many of these risks in greater detail in Risk Factors. Given these uncertainties, undue reliance should not be placed on
these forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements represent our management s beliefs and assumptions only as of
the date of this report. Our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we assume
no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly. 

As used in this annual report,
the terms we , us , our , the Company , Bespoke Extracts, Inc. 
and Bespoke mean Bespoke Extracts, Inc. unless otherwise indicated. 

Item 1. Business. 

Our Corporate History 

We were incorporated in the
State of Colorado on July 29, 1988 under the name Cine-Source Entertainment, Inc. On April 27, 2004, the Company changed its name to First
Quantum Ventures, Inc. On April 13, 2006, the Company changed its name to First Quantum Ventures, Inc., and on May 5, 2006, the Company
reincorporated in Nevada. On March 15, 2012, the Company changed its name to DiMi Telematics International, Inc. 

Between 2017 and 2021, we re-focused
our business attention to the hemp-derived cannabidiol, or CBD, market. On March 10, 2017, the Company changed its name to Bespoke Extracts,
Inc. to align the Company s corporate identity with its new business plan. 

In November 2021, new management
of the Company was appointed and the Company began to focus on other complimentary lines of business to its CBD offerings, specifically
regulated cannabis. Under our new management team, we plan to expand the Company s focus to regulated cannabis markets in the United
States. 

The Company s expanded
business plan may include the acquisition of licensed medical and recreational marijuana dispensaries, cultivation facilities and production
facilities in states which allow publicly traded companies to own and operate such businesses. Depending on the markets entered and state
regulation, the Company s plan may also include: asset purchases, management/consulting operating agreements, or similar agreements.
The Company plans to use a combination of cash, shares of common or preferred stock, notes, or other financing vehicles to complete these
acquisitions. There is no assurance any required financing for such acquisitions will be available on acceptable terms, or at all, or
that we will complete any such acquisitions. 

In addition, the acquisition
of marijuana dispensaries and cultivation/manufacturing/processing facilities is subject to the approval of government authorities which
license and regulate marijuana dispensaries in their applicable jurisdictions. No assurance can be given that any such approvals can be
obtained. 

WonderLeaf 

The Company has developed a
plan to potentially acquire and merge, or roll up direct plant-touching dispensaries, manufacturing facilities, and cannabis
cultivation facilities with a target to be one of the highest quality, craft cannabis, seed-to-sale businesses in Colorado. 

Consistent with this strategy,
on December 2, 2021, Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC Bespoke Colorado ), a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
entered into an asset purchase agreement with WonderLeaf, LLC WonderLeaf ), and on December 7, 2021, Bespoke Colorado and
WonderLeaf entered into an amendment to such asset purchase agreement (as amended, the Wonderleaf Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant
to the Wonderleaf Purchase Agreement, Bespoke Colorado agreed to purchase from WonderLeaf, and WonderLeaf agreed to sell to Bespoke Colorado,
certain assets of WonderLeaf, including a license to manufacture marijuana-infused products, existing inventory, and extraction equipment
and ancillary items, all as further set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

1 

In connection with the WonderLeaf
Purchase Agreement, Bespoke Colorado entered into a lease agreement (the Lease with WL Holdings, Ltd. WL Holdings Pursuant to the Lease, Bespoke Colorado will lease from WL Holdings certain commercial space in Aurora, Colorado, where WonderLeaf s
business has been located, commencing upon signing of the Lease and Wonderleaf Purchase Agreement, for a term of five years, which Bespoke
Colorado will have an option to renew for an additional five years. The Company also has an option to purchase the property underlying
the lease for 600,000. 

On January 3, 2023, the Company
closed on its acquisition of WonderLeaf assets and they are now owned and operated by Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC. 

Our Business--Overview 

Since the change in management
and control of the Company that occurred in November 2021, we now primarily operate within the regulated cannabis industry through a new
business division called Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC, which, upon closing of the WonderLeaf acquisition, became be a
licensed owner and operator of recreational marijuana processing facilities located in Colorado. 

Branded Products 

We plan to offer cannabis processing focusing on
two primary categories: 

Branded Products We plan to pursue production of brands of pre-rolled joints and other processed marijuana products under newly created brand names. We also plan to explore licensing existing brands from other states and produce them in Colorado. For our branded product segment, we plan to purchase high quality marijuana, process and package the marijuana and re-sell it to licensed dispensaries. 

Fee For Service Business- Given our investment in personnel and equipment we are able to leverage our infrastructure and provide processing services for licensed cultivators and dispensaries. In these arrangements, the company earns a fee for each unit processed and delivered. . 

Supply, Manufacturing and
Logistics 

Our management believes that
there is a consistent supply of high quality cannabis available in the state of Colorado. Our management reviews daily price advertisements
and quotes and plans out purchases of cannabis on a regular basis based on demand. 

The majority of our licensed
cannabis business is ordered electronically through a national data platform. 

All our products are tested
by an independent third party via issuance of a Certificate of Analysis COA ), for cannabinoid content and profile, microbiological
content, heavy metal content, pesticide content, and residual solvent content. This ensures the consistency and quality of our product
line and brand and compliance with state regulations. 

Fulfillment of orders from
customers is managed either directly by employees of the company or by a well-established third-party logistics partner that is licensed
in the State of Colorado.. 

Cannabis Legislative Overview 

Regulation of Cannabis in the United States
Federally 

The cultivation, production, distribution and
sale of cannabis and cannabis extracts is illegal under U.S. federal law, and it is listed as a Schedule I substance under the U.S. Controlled
Substances Act. A Schedule I drug or substance is deemed to have a high potential for abuse, to have no accepted medical use in the United
States, and to lack an acceptable safe use of the drug under medical supervision. The Company believes the U.S. Controlled Substances
Act categorization as a Schedule I drug is not reflective of cannabis medicinal properties and numerous related studies support
rescheduling. Over the past decade, cannabis policy has been moving towards legalization and liberalization of cannabis laws. 

In September 2018, Congress approved the Medical
Cannabis Research Act. This bill requires the Department of Justice to issue additional cultivation licenses to grow marijuana for federal
research. The bill also clarifies that Department of Veterans Affairs VA doctors can discuss medical marijuana with their
patients and can refer them to participate in scientific studies on the drug s effects. 

2 

The District of Columbia D.C. and 36 U.S. states, including the states of Oregon, Nevada and California, have legalized cannabis for medical use. D.C. and 15 U.S. states,
including the states of Oregon, Nevada and California, have also legalized adult recreational use of cannabis. 

As discussed above, marijuana remains a Schedule
I substance under U.S. federal law. However, the Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN has issued guidance advising prosecutors of money laundering and other financial crimes not to focus their enforcement efforts on banks
that serve marijuana-related businesses MRBs ), so long as that business is legal in the bank s respective state and
none of the federal enforcement priorities are being violated (such as keeping marijuana away from children and out of the hands of organized
crime). This guidance was published on February 14, 2014 and requires banks providing such services to monitor strict compliance with
FinCEN s guidance. 

The few credit unions who have agreed to service
marijuana businesses are limiting those accounts to no more than 5 of their total deposits to avoid creating a liquidity risk. Because
the federal government could change the banking laws as it relates to marijuana businesses at any time and without notice, these credit
unions must keep sufficient cash on hand to be able to return the full value of all deposits from marijuana businesses in a single day,
while also servicing the needs of their other customers. 

In March 2019, a congressional committee approved
the Secure and Fair Enforcement (SAFE) Banking Act. Draft legislation of the SAFE Banking Act received a historic hearing in the House
Consumer Protection and Financial Institutions Subcommittee in February 2019, where the National Cannabis Industry Association submitted
written testimony along with the personal stories about the burdens and safety concerns created by the current banking situation from
nearly 100 cannabis industry professionals. On September 25, 2019 the U.S House of Representatives passed the landmark legislation to
reform federal cannabis laws and reduce the public safety risk in communities across the country. H.R. 1595, the SAFE Banking Act of 2019
passed by a vote of 321 to 103. This bill generally prohibits a federal banking regulator from penalizing a depository institution for
providing banking services to a legitimate marijuana-related business. The Company believes this progressive banking reform for the U.S.
cannabis industry reflects a positive trajectory for marijuana banking reform. 

The Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement
Act, also known as the MORE Act, is a proposed 2019 United States federal legislation to legalize cannabis and expunge prior cannabis
related convictions that was introduced into the U.S. House of Representatives on July 23, 2019. This would remove cannabis from the Controlled
Substances Act and impose a 5 tax on cannabis and cannabis products manufactured in or imported into the United States. This tax will
be collected by the Treasury of the United States to create a trust fund to be known as the Opportunity Trust Fund. The trust funds the
Act would create include the Community Reinvestment Grant, which would provide funding for services such as job training, re-entry services
and legal aid; the Cannabis Opportunity Grant, which would provide funds to assist small businesses in the cannabis industry; and the
Equitable Licensing Grant, which minimizes barriers to gain access to marijuana licensing and employment for those most impacted by the
so-called war on drugs. The act would also establish a Cannabis Justice Office within the Department of Justice Office of Justice Programs,
responsible for administering the grants. On December 4, 2020, the U.S. House of Representatives passed this legislation by a vote of
228-164. 

The MORE and SAFE Banking Acts have yet to receive
action in the U.S. Senate. However, in late 2020 incoming Senate Majority Leader Charles Schumer made multiple comments suggesting that
passage of these bills and large-scale federal legalization of cannabis are on his agenda. The Company continues to monitor both of these
bills and the general status of cannabis legalization at the U.S. federal level. 

On December 14, 2020, former President Trump announced
that William Barr would be resigning from his post as Attorney General, effective December 23, 2020. Merrick Garland, President Biden s
nominee to succeed Mr. Barr, has served as the current attorney general since March 2021. It is unclear what specific impact the Biden
administration will have on U.S. federal government enforcement policy. There is no guarantee that state laws legalizing and regulating
the sale and use of cannabis will not be repealed or overturned, or that local governmental authorities will not limit the applicability
of state laws within their respective jurisdictions. Unless and until the United States Congress amends the CSA with respect to cannabis
(and as to the timing or scope of any such potential amendments there can be no assurance), there is a risk that federal authorities may
enforce current U.S. federal law. 

3 

The Company believes it is too soon to determine
if any prosecutorial policy at the federal level will be forthcoming or if the Biden administration will reinstitute the prior posture
of the Department of Justice or a similar guidance document for United States attorneys or by executive order. The sheer size of the cannabis
industry, in addition to various level of legalization at the State and local governments, suggests that a largescale enforcement operation
would possibly create unwanted political backlash for the Department of Justice. Moreover, State and local tax revenues generated by the
cannabis business has become an increasingly important source of funding for State and local government programs. 

Regulation of the Cannabis Market at State
and Local Levels 

The following chart sets out, for each of the
subsidiaries and other entities through which the Company conducts is operations, the U.S. state(s) in which it operates, the nature of
its operations (adult-use/medicinal), whether such activities carried on are direct, indirect or ancillary in nature (as such terms are
defined in Staff Notice 51-352), the number of sales, cultivation and other licenses held by such entity and whether such entity has any
operational cultivation or processing facilities. 

Competition 

We believe we possess certain
competitive strengths and advantages in the industries in which we plan to operate. Our management team has significant experience in
cultivation, processing and retailing of cannabis throughout regulated markets. As we execute on our strategy, we believe this expertise
enables us to potentially evaluate, acquire and operate business efficiently. 

Industry Knowledge. We continue to create,
share and leverage information and experiences with the purpose of creating awareness and identifying opportunities to increase shareholder
value. Our management team has business expertise, extensive knowledge of the cannabis industry and closely monitors changes in legislation.
We work with partners who enhance the breadth of our industry knowledge. 

Regulatory Compliance. 
The state and local laws regulating the cannabis industry change at a rapid pace. We have resources committed to ensure our operations
are in compliance with all state and local laws, policies, guidance and regulations to which we are subject. We apply this compliance
knowledge to our customers in order to ensure that they, too, are in full compliance. 

In the regulated cannabis industry,
we believe we have significant competition from a range of private and public market participants. 

Given the rapid growth of the
U.S. regulated cannabis industries, hundreds of companies have entered the respective markets. Consequently, the market is becoming highly
competitive and we believe to compete in the market requires ensuring the quality and integrity of product offerings. Certain of our competitors
have substantially greater financial, distribution, and marketing resources, as well as greater brand awareness than us, and there can
be no assurance we will be able to successfully compete. 

Our Headquarters 

Our corporate headquarters
is located at 12001 E. 33rd Avenue, Unit O, Aurora, CO. Our corporate internet website is www.bespokeexracts.com. The contents of the
website are not part of this report. 

Employees 

As of the date of the filing
of this report, we have 5 full-time employees. 

4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in the Company s
common stock involves a high degree of risk. In determining whether to purchase the Company s common stock, an investor should carefully
consider all of the material risks described below, together with the other information contained in this report before making a decision
to purchase the Company s securities. An investor should only consider purchasing the Company s securities if he or she can
afford to suffer the loss of his or her entire investment. 

Risk Related to our Business and Industry 

We have a history of operating losses, have
a working capital deficit as of December 31, 2022, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 

As of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of 23,883,798,
a stockholders deficit of 672,096, and a working capital deficit of 753,916. We incurred a net loss of 4,116,227 for the year
ended December 31, 2022. We may never achieve profitability or generate significant revenues. 

We will need to raise additional capital,
which may not be available. 

We anticipate that we will
need to raise additional capital to execute our business plan and maintain and expand our operations. Additional capital may not be available
to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business may be harmed and we may need to curtail
or cease operations. 

We have a limited operating history that
impedes our ability to evaluate our potential future performance and strategy. 

Our business strategy may not
be successful and we may not successfully address these risks. In the event that we do not successfully address these risks, our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly
based on customer acceptance of our products. As a result our period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are unlikely to
provide a good indication of our future performance. 

Management expects that we
will experience substantial variations in our net sales and operating results from quarter to quarter due to customer acceptance of our
products. If customers do not accept our products, our sales and revenue will either fail to materialize or decline, resulting in a reduction
in our operating income or possible increase in losses. 

If we do not successfully develop and commercialize
additional products, we could lose revenue opportunities. 

Our future success will depend,
in part, on our ability to expand our product offerings. To that end we have engaged in the process of identifying new product opportunities.
The processes of identifying and commercializing new products is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers 
changing needs and preferences, our business could be harmed. We have and may continue to commit significant resources to commercializing
new products before knowing whether our investments will result in products the market will accept. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully
on commercializing those products because of errors in product planning or timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely
fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors providing those solutions before we do. 

The success of new products
will depend on several factors, including proper new product definition, timely completion, and introduction of these products, differentiation
of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. There can be no assurance that we will successfully
identify additional new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance
of our products or that products developed by others will not render our products obsolete or noncompetitive. 

5 

We may have difficulties managing our Company s
growth, which could lead to higher operating losses, or we may not grow at all. 

If we succeed in growing our
business, such growth could strain our human and capital resources, potentially leading to higher operating losses. Our ability to manage
operations and control growth will be dependent upon our ability to raise and spend capital to successfully attract, train, motivate,
retain and manage new employees and continue to update and improve our management and operational systems, infrastructure and other resources,
financial and management controls, and reporting systems and procedures. Should we be unsuccessful in accomplishing any of these essential
aspects of our growth in an efficient and timely manner, then management may receive inadequate information necessary to manage our operations,
possibly causing additional expenditures and inefficient use of existing human and capital resources or we otherwise may be forced to
grow at a slower pace that could slow or eliminate our ability to achieve and sustain profitability. Such slower than expected growth
may require us to restrict or cease our operations and go out of business. 

Loss of our chief executive officer could
limit our growth and negatively impact our operations. 

We depend upon our chief executive
officer, Michael Feinsod, to a substantial extent. The loss of Mr. Feinsod could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations or financial condition. 

We will be required to attract and retain
top quality talent to compete in the marketplace. 

We believe our future growth
and success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, product development, sales and marketing,
and finance personnel. We may not succeed in attracting and retaining such personnel. Shortages in qualified personnel could limit our
ability to increase sales of existing products and services and launch new product and service offerings. 

Our inability to effectively protect our
intellectual property would adversely affect our ability to compete effectively, our revenue, our financial condition, and our results
of operations. 

We may be unable to obtain
intellectual property rights to effectively protect our branding, products, and other intangible assets. Our ability to compete effectively
may be affected by the nature and breadth of our intellectual property rights. If we are unable to secure intellectual property rights
to effectively protect our branding, products, and other intangible assets, our revenue and earnings, financial condition, or results
of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our industry is highly competitive, and
we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors, which may give them an advantage in developing and marketing products
similar to ours or make our products obsolete. 

We are involved in a highly
competitive industry where we compete with various other nutraceutical companies which offer products similar to the products we sell.
These competitors may have far greater resources than we do, giving our competitors an advantage in developing and marketing products
similar to ours or products that make our products obsolete. We may be unable to successfully compete against these other manufacturers. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our business. 

The COVID-19 pandemic is having
widespread, rapidly evolving, and unpredictable impacts on global society, economies, financial markets, and business practices. The continuing
impacts of COVID-19 are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and may have an adverse effect on our business, operations and
our future financial performance, including by causing delays and constraints in manufacturing and shipping of our products. 

We may be subject to the risks associated
with future acquisitions , which may increase our capital requirements, dilute our shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent
liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 

As part of our overall business
strategy, the Company may pursue select strategic acquisitions. 

6 

Although the Company will assess
the risks inherent in a particular target business which it may acquire, this assessment may not result in the identification of all risks
that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of the Company s control, meaning that the
Company can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

Any such future acquisitions,
if completed, may expose the Company to additional potential risks, including risks associated with: 

increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

the issuance of our equity securities; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 

the diversion of our management s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger or acquisition; 

retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; and 

risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products and our inability to generate revenue from acquired products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. 

Cannabis remains illegal under federal law. 

Despite the development of
a cannabis industry legal under state laws, state laws legalizing medicinal and recreational adult cannabis use are in conflict with the
federal Controlled Substances Act, which classifies cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance and makes cannabis use and possession
illegal on a national level. The United States Supreme Court has ruled that it is the federal government that has the right to regulate
and criminalize cannabis, even for medical purposes, and thus federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that legalize
its use. 

A prior U.S. administration
attempted to address the inconsistent treatment of cannabis under state and federal law in the Cole Memorandum which Deputy Attorney General
James Cole sent to all U.S. Attorneys in August 2013 that outlined certain priorities for the Department of Justice DOJ relating to the prosecution of cannabis offenses. The Cole Memorandum provided that enforcing federal cannabis laws and regulations in
jurisdictions that have enacted laws legalizing cannabis in some form and that have also implemented strong and effective regulatory and
enforcement systems to control the cultivation, processing, distribution, sale and possession of cannabis conduct in compliance with those
laws and regulations was not a priority for the DOJ. The DOJ did not provide (and has not provided since) specific guidelines for what
regulatory and enforcement systems would be deemed sufficient under the Cole Memorandum. On January 4, 2018, U.S. Attorney General Jeff
Sessions formally issued the Sessions Memorandum, which rescinded the Cole Memorandum effective upon its issuance. The Sessions Memorandum
stated, in part, that current law reflects Congress determination that cannabis is a dangerous drug and cannabis activity
is a serious crime , and Mr. Sessions directed all U.S. Attorneys to enforce the laws enacted by Congress and to follow well-established
principles when pursuing prosecutions related to cannabis activities.. It is not yet known whether the Department of Justice under President
Biden and Attorney General Garland, will re-adopt the Cole Memorandum or announce a substantive marijuana enforcement policy. Attorney
General Garland indicated at a confirmation hearing before the United States Senate that it did not seem to him to be a useful use of
limited resources to pursue prosecutions in states that have legalized and that are regulating the use of marijuana, either medically
or otherwise. There can be no assurance that the federal government will not enforce federal laws relating to cannabis in the future.
The uncertainty of federal enforcement practices going forward and the inconsistency between federal and state laws and regulations presents
major risks for our business and operations. Any such change in the federal government s enforcement of federal laws could cause
significant financial damage to us and our stockholders. 

7 

Under federal law, and more
specifically the federal Controlled Substances Act, the possession, use, cultivation and transfer of cannabis is illegal. It is also federally
illegal to advertise the sale of cannabis, or to sell paraphernalia designed or intended primarily for use with cannabis, unless the paraphernalia
is authorized by federal, state, or local law. Our business involves the cultivation, production and sale of cannabis and cannabis products,
and, therefore, violates federal law. Further, we provide services to customers that are engaged in the business of possession, use, cultivation
and/or transfer of cannabis. As a result, law enforcement authorities, in their attempt to regulate the illegal use of cannabis, may seek
to bring an action or actions against us, including, but not limited to, a claim of aiding and abetting another s criminal activities.
The federal aiding and abetting statute provides that anyone who commits an offense against the United States or aids, abets, counsels,
commands, induces or procures its commission, is punishable as a principal. 18 U.S.C. 2(a). As a result of such an action,
we may be forced to cease operations and our investors could lose their entire investment. Such an action would have a material negative
effect on our business and operations. 

If the Federal Government were
to change its enforcement practices, or were to expend its resources enforcing existing federal laws on those involved in the cannabis
industry, such action could have a materially adverse effect on our operations, our customers or the sales of our products up to and including
a complete cessation of our business. 

It is possible that additional
federal or state legislation could be enacted in the future that would prohibit us or our clients from selling cannabis, and if such legislation
were enacted, the demand for our products and services, and those of our clients, likely would decrease, causing revenues to decline.
Further, additional government disruption in the cannabis industry could cause potential customers and users to be reluctant to use our
products and services, which would be detrimental to us. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations
or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when
and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

Our business is dependent on state laws
pertaining to the cannabis industry. 

The federal Controlled Substances
Act classifies cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance and makes cannabis use and possession illegal on a national level. The U.S.
Supreme Court has ruled that it is the federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, even for medical purposes,
and thus federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that legalize its use. While there appears to be ample public
support for favorable legislative action to legalize cannabis use and possession, numerous factors may impact or negatively affect the
legislative process(s) within the various states we have or may in the future have business interests in. Any one of these factors could
slow or halt use of cannabis, which would negatively impact our business. 

The voters or legislatures
of states in which cannabis has already been legalized could potentially repeal applicable laws which permit the operation of both medical
and retail cannabis businesses. These actions might force businesses, including our own and those of our clients, to cease operations
in one or more states entirely. 

We are required to comply concurrently with
federal, state and local laws in each jurisdiction where we operate or to which we sell our products. 

Various federal, state and
local laws, regulations and guidelines govern our business in the jurisdictions in which we operate or propose to operate, or to which
we export or propose to sell our products, including laws and regulations relating to health and safety, conduct of operations and the
production, management, transportation, storage and disposal of our products and of certain material used in our operations. Compliance
with each set of these laws, regulations and guidelines requires concurrent compliance with other complex federal, state and local laws,
regulations and guidelines. These laws, regulations and guidelines change frequently and may be difficult to interpret and apply. Compliance
with these laws, regulations and guidelines requires the investment of significant financial and managerial resources, and a determination
that we are not in compliance with these laws, regulations and guidelines could harm our reputation and brand image and have a material
adverse effect on our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, it is impossible for us to predict
the cost or effect of such laws, regulations or guidelines upon our future operations. Changes to these laws, regulations and guidelines
could negatively affect our competitive position within our industry and the markets in which we operate, and there is no assurance that
various levels of government in the jurisdictions in which we operate will not pass legislation or regulation or issue guidelines that
adversely impacts our business. 

8 

Our business is subject to a variety of
U.S. laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 

We are subject to a variety
of state and federal laws in the United States. In the United Stated, despite cannabis having been legalized for medical use in many states,
and for adult recreational use in a number of states, cannabis meeting the definition of marijuana continues to be categorized
as a Schedule I controlled substance under the federal Controlled Substances Act. Following the passage of HB19-1090 in Colorado, we have
elected to move into plant-touching operations in addition to non-plant-touching operations. As a public company involved in direct plant-touching
activities, we may face additional scrutiny from the U.S. federal government or other regulatory agencies. Such scrutiny, and any investigation
of our operations related to plant-touching activities, could have a material adverse impact on our prospects, business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We are or will be subject to risks related
to unsafe concentration of heavy metals and other contaminants in our cannabis and nutrient products, and associated inconsistent treatment
under state law. 

Cannabis plants may absorb
heavy metals and other contaminants from the soil that they grow in. Nutrient products are made from ingredients that may contain heavy
metals and other contaminants. Heavy metals and contaminants are naturally found in the earth s crust but may also be present as
a result of, for example, pesticide use. Some contaminants, like heavy metals, are toxic to humans at even low concentrations. If our
raw materials contain contaminants, they may transfer to our products. If the level of contaminants in our products exceeds permissible
or safe levels, it may result in loss of inventory and possible harm to consumers of the products, which may expose us, among other things,
to monetary losses, product liability claims and reputational risk. 

In addition, state regulation
of testing for, and permissible levels of, contaminants in cannabis products varies, making compliance difficult and costly. 

We will be subject to risks inherent in
an agricultural business, including the risk of crop failure. 

We will be in the cannabis
industry, which is an agricultural process. As such, our business will be subject to the risks inherent in the agricultural business,
including risks of crop failure presented by weather, insects, plant diseases and similar agricultural risks that might affect us or our
clients. 

The cannabis industry and market are relatively
new in the United States, and this industry and market may not continue to exist or develop as anticipated or we may ultimately be unable
to succeed in this industry and market. 

The cannabis industry and market
are relatively new, and our success depends on our ability to operate our business successfully and attract and retain clients. In addition
to being subject to general business risks applicable to a business involving an agricultural product and a regulated consumer product,
we need to continue to build brand awareness of our brand in the cannabis industry and make significant investments in our business strategy
and production capacity. These investments include introducing new products and services into the markets in which we operate, adopting
quality assurance protocols and procedures and undertaking regulatory compliance efforts. These activities may not promote our business
as effectively as intended, or at all, and we expect that our competitors will undertake similar investments to compete with us for market
share. Competitive conditions, consumer preferences and spending patterns in this industry and market are relatively unknown and may have
unique characteristics that differ from other existing industries and markets and that may cause our efforts to further our business to
be unsuccessful or to have undesired consequences. As a result, we may not be successful in our efforts to operate our business or attract
and retain clients or to develop new products and services and produce and distribute these products and services to the markets in which
we operate or to which we export in time to be effectively commercialized, or these activities may require significantly more resources
than we currently anticipate in order to be successful. 

9 

We, or the cannabis industry more generally,
may receive unfavorable publicity or become subject to negative consumer or investor perception. 

We believe that the cannabis
industry is highly dependent upon positive consumer and investor perception regarding the benefits, safety, efficacy and quality of the
cannabis distributed to consumers. The perception of the cannabis industry and cannabis products, currently and in the future, may be
significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, political statements, media attention
and other publicity (whether or not accurate or with merit) both in the United States and in other countries relating to the consumption
of cannabis products, including unexpected safety or efficacy concerns arising with respect to cannabis products or the activities of
industry participants. There can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media
attention or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the cannabis market or any particular cannabis product or will
be consistent with earlier publicity. Adverse future scientific research reports, findings and regulatory proceedings that are, or litigation,
media attention or other publicity that is, perceived as less favorable than, or that questions, earlier research reports, findings or
publicity (whether or not accurate or with merit) could result in a significant reduction in the demand for our cannabis products or those
of our clients, which would affect our business. Further, adverse publicity reports or other media attention regarding the safety, efficacy
and quality of cannabis or our products specifically, or associating the consumption of cannabis with illness or other negative effects
or events, could adversely affect us. This adverse publicity could arise even if the adverse effects associated with cannabis products
resulted from consumers failure to use such products legally, appropriately or as directed. 

Certain events or developments in the cannabis
industry more generally may impact our reputation. 

Damage to our reputation can
result from the actual or perceived occurrence of any number of events, including any negative publicity, whether true or not. As we anticipate
becoming a producer and distributor of cannabis, which is a controlled substance in the United States that has previously been commonly
associated with various other narcotics, violence and criminal activities, there is a risk that our business might attract negative publicity.
There is also a risk that the actions of other companies and service providers in the cannabis industry may negatively affect the reputation
of the industry as a whole and thereby negatively impact our reputation. The increased usage of social media and other web-based tools
used to generate, publish and discuss user generated content and to connect with other users has made it increasingly easier for individuals
and groups to communicate and share negative opinions and views in regards to our activities and the cannabis industry in general, whether
true or not. We do not ultimately have direct control over how we or the cannabis industry is perceived by others. Reputational issues
may result in decreased investor confidence, increased challenges in developing and maintaining community relations and present an impediment
to our overall ability to advance our business strategy and realize on our growth prospects. 

The cannabis industry could face strong
opposition from other industries. 

We believe that established
businesses in other industries may have a strong economic interest in opposing the development of the cannabis industry. Cannabis may
be seen by companies in other industries as an attractive alternative to their products, including recreational cannabis as an alternative
to alcohol and medical cannabis as an alternative to various commercial pharmaceuticals. Many industries that could view the emerging
cannabis industry as an economic threat are well established, with vast economic and federal and state lobbying resources. It is possible
that companies within these industries could use their resources to attempt to slow or reverse legislation legalizing cannabis. Any inroads
these companies make in halting or impeding legislative initiatives that would not be beneficial to the cannabis industry could have a
detrimental impact on our business or our clients business and, in turn, on our operations. 

Businesses involved in the cannabis industry,
and investments in such businesses, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations related to money laundering, financial recordkeeping
and proceeds of crimes. 

Investments in the U.S. cannabis
industry are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that involve money laundering, financial recordkeeping and proceeds of crime,
including the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA Patriot Act, other anti-money laundering laws, and any related or similar rules,
regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by governmental authorities in the United States. In February 2014, the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN of the Treasury Department issued a memorandum (the FinCEN Memo providing
guidance to banks seeking to provide services to cannabis-related businesses. The FinCEN Memo outlines circumstances under which banks
may provide services to cannabis-related businesses without risking prosecution for violation of U.S. federal money laundering laws. It
refers to supplementary guidance that Deputy Attorney General Cole issued to U.S. federal prosecutors relating to the prosecution of U.S.
money laundering offenses predicated on cannabis-related violations of the federal Controlled Substances Act and outlines extensive due
diligence and reporting requirements, which most banks have viewed as onerous. The FinCEN Memo currently remains in place, but it is unclear
at this time whether the current administration will continue to follow the guidelines of the FinCEN Memo. Such requirements could negatively
affect our ability and the ability of our clients to establish and maintain banking connections. 

10 

We may be unable to seek the protection
of the bankruptcy courts. 

There is an argument that the
federal bankruptcy courts cannot provide relief for parties who engage in cannabis or cannabis-related businesses. Recent bankruptcy rulings
have denied bankruptcies for cannabis dispensaries upon the justification that businesses cannot violate federal law and then claim the
benefits of federal bankruptcy for the same activity and upon the justification that courts cannot ask a bankruptcy trustee to take possession
of, and distribute cannabis assets as such action would violate the federal Controlled Substances Act. Therefore, due to our cannabis-related
business, we may not be able to seek the protection of the bankruptcy courts and this could materially affect our financial performance
and/or our ability to obtain or maintain credit. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

There is a limited trading market for our
common stock, and investors may find it difficult to buy and sell our shares. 

Our common stock is not listed
on any national securities exchange. Accordingly, investors may find it more difficult to buy and sell our shares than if our common stock
was traded on an exchange. Although our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB, it is an unorganized, inter-dealer, over-the-counter market
which provides significantly less liquidity than the Nasdaq Capital Market or other national securities exchange. Further, any significant
trading volume in our common stock may not be sustained. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our common
stock. 

The market price of our common stock is,
and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations . 

The market price of our common
stock is highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors that are beyond our control, including: 

variations in our quarterly operating results; 

announcements that our revenue or income are below analysts expectations; 

general economic slowdowns; 

sales of large blocks of our common stock; and 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments. 

Our common stock is considered a penny
stock and is subject to additional sale and trading regulations that may make it more difficult to buy or sell. 

Our common stock is considered
a penny stock and securities broker-dealers participating in sales of our common stock are subject to the penny stock 
regulations set forth in Rules 15g-2 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute
transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of
our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

11 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our
common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We have paid no dividends on
our common stock to date and we do not anticipate paying any dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. While
our future dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs of the business, we currently anticipate that we will
retain any earnings to finance our future expansion and for the implementation of our business plan. A lack of a dividend can further
affect the market value of our common stock and could significantly affect the value of any investment in the Company. 

Our chief executive officer beneficially owns the majority of
the voting power of our shareholders. 

As the managing member of the
holder of our outstanding share of Series C Preferred Stock, our chief executive officer, Michael Feinsod, has 51 of the voting power
of the Company s shareholders. As a result, Mr. Feinsod has the ability to control all matters submitted to shareholders,
and his interests may differ from those of other shareholders. 

Additional stock offerings in the future
may dilute then-existing shareholders percentage ownership of the Company. 

Given our plans and expectations
that we will need additional capital and personnel, we anticipate that will need to issue additional shares of common stock or securities
convertible or exercisable for shares of common stock, which may include including convertible notes, preferred stock, stock options or
warrants. The issuance of additional securities in the future will dilute the percentage ownership of then-current stockholders. 

The rights of the holders of common stock may be impaired by
the potential issuance of preferred stock. 

Our board of directors has
the right, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights which
could adversely affect the voting power and equity interest of the holders of common stock, which could be issued with the right to more
than one vote per share, and could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control. The possible negative
impact on takeover attempts could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Failure to achieve and maintain internal
controls in accordance with Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material adverse effect on our business
and stock price. 

Our management has determined
that we do not have effective disclosure controls and procedures, or internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.
Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important in the prevention of financial
fraud. If we cannot produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors
could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and there could be a material adverse effect on our stock price. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not required for a smaller
reporting company. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We maintain our principal office
at 12001 E. 33rd Avenue, Unit O, Aurora, CO. Our monthly rent is 1,300 under a month-to-month lease. We believe that our existing
facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current business requirements. 

Our-wholly owned subsidiary,
Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC leases commercial space in Aurora, CO, under a 5 year lease that commenced December 2021 (with an option
to renew for an additional five year term). Monthly rent starts at 6,000. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not party to, and our
property is not the subject of, any material legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

12 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock quoted on
the OTCQB under the symbol BSPK. Any over-the-counter market quotations for our common stock on the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Holders 

As of April 27, 2023, there
were approximately 343 holders of record of our common stock, which excludes those stockholders holding stock in street name. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not declared or paid
cash dividends on our common stock in the past, and we do not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends our common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

Repurchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Securities authorized for issuance under equity
compensation plans 

The following table provides
equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options (b) 
 Securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plan s approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 1,023,842 
 2.67 
 5,633,825 
 
 Total 
 1,023,842 
 2.67 
 5,633,825 

Recent Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

13 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion highlights the principal
factors that have affected our financial condition and results of operations as well as our liquidity and capital resources for the periods
described. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes included in Item 8 of this
Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please see the explanatory note concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated
with these forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We sell a proprietary line
of specially formulated, premium quality, hemp-derived CBD products direct to consumers through our ecommerce store, found at www.bespokeextracts.com.
Information on our website is not part of this report. 

Under our expanded operating
plan, we intend to methodically expand our product offerings to include new flavors, including manuka honey; and introduce additional
form factors for our CBD formulations, including lotions and balms, depending on customer feedback and evolving consumer demand. 

In November 2021, new management
of the Company was appointed and the Company began to focus on other complimentary lines of business to its CBD offerings. Under our new
management team, we plan to expand the Company s focus to regulated cannabis markets in the United States. 

On December 2, 2021, Bespoke
Extracts Colorado, LLC, a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with WonderLeaf,
and on December 7, 2021, Bespoke Colorado and WonderLeaf entered into an amendment to such asset purchase agreement (as amended, the WonderLeaf
Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Wonderleaf Purchase Agreement, Bespoke Colorado agreed to purchase from WonderLeaf, and WonderLeaf
agreed to sell to Bespoke Colorado, certain assets of WonderLeaf, including a license to manufacture marijuana-infused products, existing
inventory, and extraction equipment and ancillary items, all as further set forth in the Wonderleaf Purchase Agreement, for a purchase
price of 225,000, to be paid in shares of common stock of the Company (including 55,555 shares issuable, and to be held in escrow, upon
execution of the WonderLeaf Purchase Agreement, and an additional 150,000 of common stock that will be valued based on the volume weighted
average price of the common stock, subject to a floor of 0.90 per share and a ceiling of 1.80 per share), provided that, the purchase
price for the inventory will be 90 of the wholesale value of the regulated marijuana portion of the inventory and the packaging corresponding
thereto set forth on the inventory accounting statement to be prepared pursuant to the Wonderleaf Purchase Agreement. The transaction
closed on January 3, 2023. 

On February 2, 2022, the Company
changed its fiscal year from August 31 to December 31. 

We have changed our fiscal
year end from August 31 to December 31 effective for our fiscal year 2022. Accordingly, we have reported our results for the year ended
December 31, 2022, for the four months ended December 31, 2021 and for the year ended August 31, 2021. 

To facilitate comparisons
to our Management s Discussion and Analysis, we have presented similar audited and unaudited periods, including the audited results
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the unaudited results for the year ended December 31, 2021. The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data presented above, our Consolidated Financial Statements,
the notes to those statements and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

14 

For the year 
 ended 
 For the year 
 ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(UNAUDITED) 
 
 Sales 
 3,407 
 31,857 
 
 Cost of products sold 
 1,149 
 36,192 
 
 Gross Profit 
 2,258 
 (4,335 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 3,742,275 
 598,676 
 
 Professional fees 
 155,888 
 133,593 
 
 Consulting 
 124,750 
 207,500 
 
 Amortization expense of domain name 
 - 
 2,433 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 4,022,913 
 942,202 

Loss from operations 
 (4,020,655 
 (946,537 

Other income / (expenses) 

Interest income 
 931 
 1,149 
 
 Interest expense 
 197 
 (1,150 
 
 Earnout expense 
 (15,000 
 - 
 
 Allowance for notes and advances 
 (81,700 
 - 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 294,917 
 
 Total other (expense) / income 
 (95,572 
 294,916 

Loss before income tax 
 (4,116,227 
 (651,621 
 
 Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Loss 
 (4,116,227 
 (651,621 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic and Diluted 
 9,367,458 
 5,763,974 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE OUTSTANDING 

Basic and Diluted 
 (0.44 
 (0.11 

15 

Results of Operations for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Sales 

Sales during the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 3,407 compared to 31,857 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in sales was primarily a result of
reduced marketing of the Company s line-up of hemp-derived CBD products and sales of older products at reduced prices. 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 3,742,275 and 598,676, respectively. The increase was mainly
attributable to stock based compensation of 2,995,500 and increase in salaries, partially offset by reduced marketing expenses. Professional
fees were 155,888 and 133,593, respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The increase in expenses was
due to increased legal and accounting fees associated with the pending WonderLeaf, LLC acquisition. Consulting expense was 124,750 and
 207,500, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to reduction in consulting
expenses for sales and marketing during the year ended December 31, 2022. Amortization expense of domain names for the year ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 0 and 2,433, respectively. 

Other Income 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 there was 931 associated with
interest income on the note receivable from WonderLeaf compared to interest income of 1,149 for the year ended December 31, 2021. During
the year ended December 31, 2022 there was 197 of interest expense compared to interest expense of 1,150) for the year ended December
31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 there was 15,000 of earnout expense associated with inventory earnout agreement. During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded am allowance for notes and advances of 81,700. 

Net Loss 

For the reasons stated above,
our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,116,227, or 0.44 per share, compared to a net loss for the year ended December
31, 2021 of 651,621, or 0.11 per share 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 24,433. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 798,067. Our current liabilities
as of December 31, 2022 were 865,648 and consisted of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 295,818, an inventory earn-out of
 90,000 and current portion of lease liability of 64,330 and notes payable related party of 415,500. As of December 31, 2021, we had
cash of 148,228. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 747,068. Our current liabilities as
of December 31, 2021 were 220,007 and consisted of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 82,730, notes payable- related party
of 2,500, an inventory earn-out of 75,000 and current portion of lease liability of 59,777. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company repaid 2,500 and 60,000, respectively of a note payable from a related party and borrowed an additional 415,500
an 62,500, respectively/. In addition, the Company raised a total of 344,450 and 813,000, respectively from the sale of common stock
and warrants during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The consolidated financial
statements included in this report have been prepared assuming a continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company had negative
cash flows from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 and had a working capital deficit
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. This raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next
12 months. 

We have not generated positive
cash flows from operating activities. Our primary source of capital has been from the sale of equity and debt securities from a related
party. Our primary use of capital has been for professional fees and selling, general and administrative costs. We have no committed sources
of capital and will need to raise additional capital to continue and expand our operations. Additional capital may not be available on
terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

16 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no significant off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical accounting policies and estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported periods. The more critical accounting
estimates include estimates related to revenue recognition and accounts receivable allowances. We also have other key accounting policies,
which involve the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results, which are described below
and in Note 1 to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable are recorded at fair value
on the date revenue is recognized. The Company provides allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability
of its customers to repay their obligation. If the financial condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate, resulting
in an impairment of their ability to repay, additional allowances may be required. The Company provides for potential uncollectible accounts
receivable based on specific customer identification and historical collection experience adjusted for existing market conditions. If
market conditions decline, actual collection experience may not meet expectations and may result in decreased cash flows and increased
bad debt expense. 

Inventory 

Inventories are stated at the
lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out basis and net realizable value. Net realizable
value is defined as sales price less cost of completion, disposition and transportation and a normal profit margin. 

Income Taxes 

We utilize the asset and liability
method of accounting for income taxes. We recognize deferred tax liabilities or assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary
differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. We regularly assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets
will be recovered from future taxable income. We consider projected future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing
the amount of the valuation allowance necessary to offset our deferred tax assets that will not be recoverable. We have recorded and continue
to carry a full valuation allowance against our gross deferred tax assets that will not reverse against deferred tax liabilities within
the scheduled reversal period. If we determine in the future that it is more likely than not that we will realize all or a portion of
our deferred tax assets, we will adjust our valuation allowance in the period we make the determination. We expect to provide a full valuation
allowance on our future tax benefits until we can sustain a level of profitability that demonstrates our ability to realize these assets. 

Stock Based Compensation 

Stock options and warrants
issued to consultants and other non-employees as compensation for services provided to the Company are accounted for based on the fair
value of the services provided or the estimated fair market value of the option or warrant, whichever is more reliably measurable, and
in accordance FASB ASC 718 , Compensation-Stock Compensation, including related amendments and interpretations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Not required for smaller reporting
companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements. 

17 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

Stockholders of Bespoke Extracts, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Bespoke Extracts, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the period September 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 and year ended December 31, 2022, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the period September 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 and year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company had a
net loss and net cash used in operating activities of 4,116,227 and 798,067, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and
a working capital deficit and accumulated deficit of approximately 753,916 and 23,883,798, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding
these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

ASSURANCE DIMENSIONS CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
 ASSOCIATES 

also d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, PLLC 

TAMPA BAY : 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite
102 | Tampa, FL 33607 | Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

JACKSONVILLE : 4720 Salisbury Road,
Suite 223 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

ORLANDO: 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite
300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

SOUTH FLORIDA : 2000 Banks Road, Suite
218 | Margate, FL 33063 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

www.assurancedimensions.com 

F- 1 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We did not identify any critical audit matters
that need to be communicated. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. Margate, Florida April 27, 2023 PCAOB ID # 

ASSURANCE DIMENSIONS CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
 ASSOCIATES 

also d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, PLLC 

TAMPA BAY : 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite
102 | Tampa, FL 33607 | Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

JACKSONVILLE : 4720 Salisbury Road,
Suite 223 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

ORLANDO: 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite
300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

SOUTH FLORIDA : 2000 Banks Road, Suite
218 | Margate, FL 33063 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

www.assurancedimensions.com 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of: 

Bespoke
Extracts, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying statements of statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows of Bespoke
Extracts, Inc. (the Company for the year ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has negative cash flows from operations, a working capital deficit and an accumulated deficit.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below,
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined that
there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
 . 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

December
13, 2021 

F- 3 

Bespoke Extracts, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 
 -

Prepaid expense 

Prepaid stock awards 

Inventory, net 
 -

Total current assets 

Furniture and equipment 

Right of Use Asset 

Deposits 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) / Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Inventory earn-out 

Note payable related party 

Operating lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-Term Operating Lease Liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

Stockholders (Deficit) / Equity 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized, share Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, stated value 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock to issue shares 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders (deficit)/ equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders (deficit) / equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Bespoke Extracts, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the year 
 ended 
 For the four 
 months 
 ended 
 For the year 
 ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 

Sales 

Cost of products sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Professional fees 

Consulting 

Amortization expense of domain name 
 -
 
 -

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income / (expenses) 

Interest income 
 
 -
 
 -

Interest expense 

-

Earnout expense 

-

Reserve for notes receivable to WonderLeaf 
 
 -
 
 -

Reserve for advances to WonderLeaf 
 
 -
 
 -

Gain on settlement of accrued expenses 
 -

-

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 -

-

Total other (expense) / income 

-

Loss before income tax 

Provision for income tax 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Loss 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic and Diluted

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE OUTSTANDING 

Basic and Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Bespoke Extracts, Inc. 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity
/ (Deficit) 

For the year ended August 31, 2021, For the four months ended December
31, 2021, and the year ended December 31, 2022 

Series
 C 

Preferred 

Preferred 

Common 

Common 

Additional 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Par 

Shares 

Par 

Paid-in 

Shares 

to be issued 

Accumulated 

Outstanding 

Amount 

Outstanding 

Amount 

Capital 

to be
 Issued 

Par
 Amount 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance
 August 31, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock for conversion of note payable related party 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exchange
 of common stock payable 

- 

- 

) 

- 

- 

- 

Sale
 of common stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Capital
 contribution of accrued salary related party 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss for the year ended August 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance
 August 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Common
 stock for conversion of note payable related party 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forgiveness
 of accrued salary 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Forgiveness
 of related party payable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock to be issued for services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock
 based Compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss for the four months ended December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance December
 31, 2021 

- 

() 

Capital
 contribution 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued for services 

- 

- 

() 

) 

- 

- 

Stock
 based Compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss for year ended December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance December
 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Bespoke Extracts, Inc 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the year ended 
 For the four months ended 
 For the year ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Gain on the settlement of debt 
 -

-

Gain on the settlement of accrued expense 
 -

-

Amortization of domain names 
 -
 
 -

Bad debt allowance 

-

Inventory reserve 
 
 -
 
 -

Reserve for notes receivable and advances Wonderleaf 
 
 -
 
 -

Interest receivable WonderLeaf 
 
 -
 
 -

Stock issued for service 
 -

-

Stock based compensation 

-

Inventory earnout 
 
 -
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 -

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 
 -

Deposits 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liability 

-

Operating lease liability, net 

-

Net Cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Advances to WonderLeaf 
 
 -
 
 -

Note receivable WonderLeaf funded 
 
 -
 
 -

Purchase of Url 
 -
 
 -

Purchase of equipment 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 -

Cash flow from financing activities 

Proceeds of capital contribution 
 
 -
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of note payable related party 

Repayment of note payable related party 

-

Proceeds from issuance of shares 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase / (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Stock issued for conversion of debt related party 
 -

Forgiveness of note payable related party 
 -

-

Forgiveness of accrued salary 
 -

Right of use asset in exchange for operating lease liability 
 -

-

Stock issued for common stock payable 
 -
 
 -

Stock issued for prepaid consulting 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

BESPOKE EXTRACTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

, to be paid in shares of common stock of the
Company (including shares issuable, and to be held in escrow, upon execution of the WonderLeaf Purchase Agreement, and
an additional of common stock that will be valued based on the volume weighted average price of the common stock, subject
to a floor of per share and a ceiling of per share), provided that, the purchase price for the inventory will be 
of the wholesale value of the regulated marijuana portion of the inventory and the packaging corresponding thereto set forth on the inventory
accounting statement to be prepared pursuant to the WonderLeaf Purchase Agreement. On September 8, 2022, Bespoke Colorado and WonderLeaf
entered into amendment No. 3 to the asset purchase agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, the Termination Date under the
asset purchase agreement was extended to October 30, 2022. On October 31, 2022, Bespoke Colorado and WonderLeaf entered into amendment
No. 4 to the asset purchase agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, the Termination Date under the asset purchase agreement
was extended to November 30, 2022. On January 3, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of
the WondeLeaf assets. 

,
a working capital deficit of and an accumulated deficit of as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. This
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the date of these financial statements. 

F- 8 

. 

and , respectively. At December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021 included in the accounts receivable is the merchant holdback receivable balance of and , respectively
which will be remitted to the Company in the future. 

and
 net of reserves, respectively, which consisted of finished goods of and , and raw materials of and
 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 inventory reserves were and , respectively. 

F- 9 

of total accounts receivable. During the four months ended December 31, 2021 and the year
ended December 31, 2022 no individual customer amounted to over of tota1 sales. During the year ended December 31, 2021, no individual
customer amounted to over of total sales. 

warrants and options is anti-dilutive for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as they are not in the money. The effect of options and warrants anti-dilutive
for the four months ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 10 

in
cash and shares of the Company s common stock valued at . During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company
transferred certain URLs valued at to an unrelated party and impaired leaving a balance of of URLs.
The domain names are being amortized over a year period. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company recorded an amortization
expense of . 

was terminated, and all amounts
due and payable thereunder forgiven pursuant to a cancellation and satisfaction of debenture agreement entered into between the Company
and the Debenture holder. In exchange for cancellation of the debt owed under the Debenture, the Company transferred to the holder certain
domain names valued at and the inventory earn-out as satisfaction for the convertible debenture. (See Notes 3 and 6.) 

of the operating profit generated from sale of the
existing CBD inventory of the Company, and on August 31, 2022, to make a final payment equal to an amount of minus the total
of the monthly payments made under the Inventory Earn Out. As of December 31, 2022 no amounts have been paid. The inventory earn-out agreement
was amended on November 11, 2022 such that the final payment under the inventory earn out was increased to (less any payments
previously made) and will be due February 28, 2023. In April 2023 the amount was repaid. 

, pursuant to a promissory note. The note bears interest at annually and matures on . 

, pursuant to a promissory note. The note bears interest at annually and matures on . 

, pursuant to a promissory note. The note bears interest at annually and matures on . 

. 

for the promissory notes and accrued interest. 

and was repaid . During the year ended December
31, 2022, Michael Feinsod, the Company s chief executive officer, was repaid and loaned the Company an additional .
All loans are payable upon demand. 

F- 11 

, for a purchase price of . The Company also
issued to the investor shares of common stock valued at per share). The Company recorded beneficial
conversion of due to the conversion feature. The debenture could not be converted to common stock to the extent such conversion
would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding common stock. The debenture had
an original maturity date of and was convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at an initial conversion
price of , except that, if the Company failed to repay the debenture upon maturity, the conversion price would be reduced to (subject
to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, and similar transactions) and the debenture would bear interest at the rate of 
per year. The Company s obligation to repay the debenture upon maturity was initially secured by a security interest in the Company s
inventory pursuant to a security agreement between the Company and the investor. For the year ended August 31, 2020 the Company recorded
amortization of debt discount of . A portion of the debenture was subsequently sold by the original purchaser to a third party.
On April 23, 2020, the Company entered into an amendment to the security agreement with the holders of the debentures. Pursuant to the
security agreement amendment, the collateral under the security agreement was amended to be the Company s URLs. The Company also
entered into six amendments to the debentures, including to increase the conversion price to , and to extend the maturity date, including
an amendment entered into on August 2, 2021, to extend the maturity date to August 31, 2021. In September 2021, a debenture holder converted
 into shares of common stock at a price of per share. As of December 31, 2022, there is no convertible
debt outstanding. 

was terminated, and all amounts due
and payable thereunder forgiven pursuant to a cancellation and satisfaction of debenture agreement entered into between the Company and
the Debenture holder. In exchange for cancellation of the debt owed under the Debenture, the Company transferred to the holder certain
domain names valued at and agreed to pay the holder, beginning December 1, 2021, and on a monthly basis through August 31,
2022, of the operating profit generated from sale of the existing CBD inventory of the Company, and on August 31, 2022, to make
a final payment equal to an amount of minus the total of the monthly payments made under the Inventory Earn Out. The Company
recorded a gain on the extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2021. The inventory earn-out agreement
was amended on November 11, 2022 (see Note 3). 

, which Bespoke
Colorado will have an option to renew for an additional . Monthly rent under the Lease will start at . The Lease grants
the Company an option to purchase the property for . The Company has not decided whether it will exercise either option. 

Current lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate 

Variable lease cost (1) 

Total lease costs 

F- 12 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 
 -

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Present value discount 

Total Present value of lease liabilities 

Current lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate 

Variable lease cost (1) 
 -

Total lease costs 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

F- 13 

shares of common stock, par value , and shares
of preferred stock, par value . shares of preferred stock are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company s
Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock was withdrawn by the Company on June 30, 2020. share of preferred stock
is designated Series C Preferred Stock and is issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The
Series C Preferred Stock has a stated value of and entitles the holder to of the total voting power of the Company s
stockholders. The Company may, in its sole discretion, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock at any time for a redemption price equal to
the stated value. Upon payment of the redemption price by the Company, the Series C Preferred Stock will revert to the status of authorized
but unissued preferred stock. 

The Series
C Preferred Stock Infinity acquired represents of the voting power of the Company s capital stock, and therefore the transaction
resulted in a change-in-control of the Company. 

to cover payment of the amounts due to certain creditors of the Company,
as set forth in the purchase agreement. The amount was paid on January 18, 2022. 

On June 30,
2022, Bespoke Colorado and WonderLeaf entered into amendment No. 2 to the asset purchase agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, the
 Termination Date under the asset purchase agreement was extended to August 30, 2022. On September 8, 2022, Bespoke Colorado
and WonderLeaf entered into amendment No. 3 to the asset purchase agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, the Termination Date 
under the asset purchase agreement was extended to October 30, 2022. On October 31, 2022, Bespoke Colorado and WonderLeaf entered
into amendment No. 4 to the asset purchase agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, the Termination Date under the asset purchase
agreement was extended to November 30, 2022. On January 3, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition
of the WonderLeaf assets. The shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the described terms. 

shares of common stock are available for issuance. Awards under the plan may include options (including incentive
stock options and non-qualified stock options), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance share
awards, or other equity-based awards, each as defined under the 2021 Plan. Options awarded under the 2021 Plan are to have an exercise
price of not less than of issued shares sub events the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date and a term of
not more than from the option grant date. 

. The Company also granted to Mr. Garth, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan, shares of restricted common stock valued at per share), which will vest from
the date of grant. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded a prepaid expenses associated with the stock
based compensation. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amount was amortized and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

F- 14 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amount was amortized and , respectively. As of December 31. 2022 and
2021 the Company recorded a prepaid stock award of - and , respectively. 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common
stock, for an aggregate purchase price of . The warrants expire June 30, 2023 and have an exercise price of . 

shares of common stock to employees and consultants for services, including shares that vest
immediately, shares that will vest from the grant date, and shares that will vest 
from the grant date during the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded an expense . 

, respectively. 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase
an aggregate of shares of common stock, for an aggregate purchase price of with offering costs of
 for legal expenses. The warrants have a term of and an exercise price of . 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock, for an aggregate purchase price of .
The warrants expire and have an exercise price of . 

Granted 

Canceled or expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years 
 
 Granted 

years 
 
 Canceled or expired 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 
 
 Intrinsic value at December 31, 2022 
 
 -

shares of common stock at an exercise price of (representing a premium over the
closing price of the common stock on December 13, 2021). One-third of the options will vest on each yearly anniversary of the date of
grant. The options were valued at using a Black-Scholes pricing model. During the year December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company
recorded and , respectively of expenses associated with the vesting of these stock options. (See notes 9 and 10). 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of (representing a premium
over the closing price of the common stock on December 13, 2021). One-third of the options will vest on each yearly anniversary of the
date of grant. The options were valued at using a Black-Scholes pricing model. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
the Company recorded and , respectively of expenses associated with the vesting of these stock options. (See notes 9 and
10). 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company
recorded and , respectively of expenses associated with the vesting of these stock options. 

F- 15 

years 
 
 Canceled or expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years 
 
 Granted 
 -
 
 -

Canceled or expired 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 
 
 Intrinsic value at December 31, 2022 
 
 -

. 

, which term would renew automatically for successive terms, subject to the right of either party to terminate the agreement at any time upon written notice. Mr. Pollack was granted
the right, for a period of six months, to purchase up to shares of common stock of the Company for a purchase price
of per share. 

. On April 27, 2021, the Company
entered into an amendment to the Company s employment agreement with Mr. Pollack. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company agreed
to pay Mr. Pollack an annual salary of effective April 1, 2021. On November 2, 2021, effective July 1, 2021 Mr. Pollack waived
all compensation owed to him by the Company as of such date through the date of his resignation as the Company s chief executive
officer. Mr. Pollack elected to forgive of salary during the four months ended December 31, 2021, and the amount was recorded
as a capital contribution. 

shares of the common stock of the Company and share
of Series C preferred stock of the Company for cash consideration of . The Series C Preferred Stock Infinity acquired represents 
of the voting power of the Company s capital stock, and therefore the transaction resulted in a change-in-control of the Company.
The purchase agreement further provided for Infinity to make a capital contribution to the Company of to cover payment of
the amounts due to certain creditors of the Company, as set forth in the purchase agreement. The amount was paid on January 18, 2022. 

F- 16 

. The Company also granted to Mr. Garth, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan, shares of restricted common stock, which will vest from the date of grant, and ten-year options
to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of (representing a premium over the closing
price of the common stock on December 13, 2021). One-third of the options will vest on each yearly anniversary of the date of grant. In
the event that Mr. Garth is terminated without cause or resigns with good reason (each as defined in the employment agreement), he will
be entitled to his monthly base salary for twelve months following such termination. 

. The Company
also granted to Mr. Feinsod, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, shares of restricted common
stock, which will vest from the date of grant, and ten-year options to purchase shares of common
stock at an exercise price of (representing a premium over the closing price of the common stock on December 13,
2021). One-third of the options will vest on each yearly anniversary of the date of grant. In the event that Mr. Feinsod is terminated
without cause or resigns with good reason (each as defined in the employment agreement), he will be entitled to his monthly base salary
for twelve months following such termination. 

and was repaid for operations. The loans are non-interest bearing and payable
upon demand. (See Note 5.) 

. On April 27, 2021, the Company
entered into an amendment to the Company s employment agreement with Mr. Pollack. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company agreed
to pay Mr. Pollack an annual salary of effective April 1, 2021. Mr. Pollack elected to forgive of salary during
the four months ended December 31, 2021; the amount was recorded as a capital contribution. Mr. Pollack resigned on November 19, 2021. 

F- 17 

was terminated, and all amounts due and payable thereunder forgiven pursuant to a cancellation
and satisfaction of debenture agreement entered into between the Company and the Debenture holder (the Debt Cancellation Agreement ).
In exchange for cancellation of the debt owed under the Debenture, the Company transferred to the holder certain domain names and agreed
to pay the holder, beginning December 1, 2021, and on a monthly basis through August 31, 2022, of the operating profit generated
from sale of the existing CBD inventory of the Company (the Inventory Earn Out ), and on August 31, 2022, to make a final
payment equal to an amount of minus the total of the monthly payments made under the Inventory Earn Out. The inventory earn-out
agreement was amended on November 11, 2022 (see Note 3). 

. The Company also granted to Mr. Garth, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan, shares of restricted common stock, which will vest one year from the date of grant, and ten-year options
to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of (representing a premium over the closing
price of the common stock on December 13, 2021). One-third of the options will vest on each yearly anniversary of the date of grant. In
the event that Mr. Garth is terminated without cause or resigns with good reason (each as defined in the employment agreement), he will
be entitled to his monthly base salary for twelve months following such termination. 

. The Company also granted to Mr. Feinsod, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, shares
of restricted common stock, which will vest one year from the date of grant, and ten-year options to purchase shares
of common stock at an exercise price of (representing a premium over the closing price of the common stock on December
13, 2021). One-third of the options will vest on each yearly anniversary of the date of grant. In the event that Mr. Feinsod is terminated
without cause or resigns with good reason (each as defined in the employment agreement), he will be entitled to his monthly base salary
for twelve months following such termination. 

shares of common stock at the closing of the transaction.
Closing of the purchase agreement was subject to receipt of certain governmental approvals and other customary closing conditions. The
purchase agreement was terminated on November 18, 2022. 

F- 18 

and against its net deferred taxes is
necessary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively,
of which approximately will begin to expire in 2032 and the remainder is carried forward indefinitely. 

Change in tax rate estimate 
 -
 
 -

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

-
 
 -

Bad debt expense 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

Non-deductible expenses and other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Benefit from income taxes 
 -
 
 -

shares of common stock to the members of WonderLeaf. The Company also previously issued shares of common stock
upon execution of the purchase agreement. 

F- 19 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure and Control Procedures 

Management of the Company conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under
the as of the end of the period covered by this report. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s (the SEC rules
and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal
financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective due to the following material weaknesses: 

Our chief executive officer also functions as our principal financial officer. As a result, our officer may not be able to identify errors and irregularities in the consolidated financial statements and reports. 

We were unable to maintain full segregation of duties within our financial operations due to our reliance on limited personnel in the finance function. While this control deficiency did not result in any audit adjustments to our consolidated financial statements, it could have resulted in a material misstatement that might have been prevented or detected by a segregation of duties. 

Documentation of all proper
accounting procedures is not yet complete. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021 based on
the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013). 

18 

A material weakness is defined within the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board s Auditing Standard No. 5 as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim consolidated
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In conducting his evaluation,
our officer noted the following material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting: 

While certain accounting procedures
have been adopted, compliance with such procedures has been inconsistent. 

The board of directors has not established an Audit Committee. Accordingly, the entire board, rather than an independent body, has reviewed our consolidated financial statements. 

Segregation procedures could
be improved by strengthening cross approval of various functions, including cash disbursements and internal audit procedures where appropriate. 

As a result of these deficiencies
in our internal controls, our officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

To the extent reasonably possible given our limited resources, we intend
to take measures to cure the aforementioned weaknesses, including, but not limited to, increasing the capacity of our qualified financial
personnel to ensure that accounting policies and procedures are consistent across the organization and that we have adequate control over
the consolidated financial statement disclosures. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this
annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(t) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the fourth quarter
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

19 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

Our executive officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Michael Feinsod 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Executive Office and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Hunter Garth 
 
 34 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer and Director 

Michael Feinsod has
served as our chief executive officer and chairman since November 2021. Mr. Feinsod is the managing member of Infinity Capital, LLC, an
investment management company he founded in 1999. Mr. Feinsod was executive chairman of the board of General Cannabis from August
2014 through July 2020, and was a director of The Kingstone Companies, Inc. from 2008 through June 2015. From 2006 through 2013,
he served in various executive positions at Ameritrans Capital Corporation, a business development company. Mr. Feinsod served as
a director of Ameritrans from December 2005 until July 2013 and served as a director of its subsidiary, Elk Associates Funding
Corporation, from December 2005 until April 2013. Previously, Mr. Feinsod served as an investment analyst and portfolio
manager at Mark Boyar Company, Inc. He is admitted to practice law in New York and served as an associate in the Corporate Law Department
of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky Walker LLP. Mr. Feinsod holds a J.D. from Fordham University School of Law and a B.A. from George
Washington University. We believe that Mr. Feinsod s corporate finance, legal and executive-level experience, as well as his
service on the boards of other public companies, give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 

Hunter Garth 
has served as our chief strategy officer and director and director since November 2021. Mr Garth was most recently was the vice president
of corporate development for General Cannabis Corporation from January 2019 to July 2020, a position in which he was responsible for developing
and sourcing M A activity in the cannabis industry. Prior to that, he was the managing director of Iron Protection Group, a security
company that he founded in 2013 and sold in March 2015 to General Cannabis Corporation. Mr. Garth served in the U.S. Marine Corps from
October 2008 to October 2012 in multiple roles, including infantry squad leader and instructor with the USMC Special Operations Training
Group. Mr. Garth attended the University of West Florida. We believe that Mr. Garth s industry and management-level experience
qualifies him to serve as one of our directors. 

Terms of Office 

Our directors are appointed
for one year terms in accordance with our charter documents and hold office until the earlier of (i) the next annual meeting of our shareholders,
(ii) until they are removed from the board or (iii) until they resign. 

Family Relationships 

None. 

20 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years,
none of our current directors or executive officers has been: 

the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or any Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. 

the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company s officers and directors, and certain persons who own more than 10 of a
registered class of the Company s equity securities (collectively, Reporting Persons ), to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership Section 16 Reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Based
solely on its review of the copies of such Section 16 Reports received by the Company, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable
to the Reporting Persons during and with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were complied with on a timely basis, except
that a Form 4 was filed late by Michael Feinsod, resulting in one transaction not being reported on a timely basis, and Danil Pollack
failed to file a Form 4, resulting in one transaction not being reported on a timely basis. 

Board Committees 

We have not established any
committees of the board of directors due to the small size of the Company and the board. We do not have an audit committee financial expert
because we do not have the resources to retain one. 

Stockholder Communication with the Board of
Directors 

Stockholders may send communications
to our board of directors by writing to Bespoke Extracts, Inc. 12001 E. 33 rd Avenue, Unit O, Aurora, CO, Attention: Chief
Executive Officer. 

21 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a Code
of Ethics that applies to the Company s chief executive officer. Any person may obtain a copy of our Code of Ethics, without charge,
by mailing a request to the Company at the address appearing on the front page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or by viewing it on
our website found at www.bespokeextracts.com. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . 

The following table summarizes
all compensation to our chief executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2022, four months ended December 31, 2021 and year
ended August 31, 2021. Our chief executive officer is our only named executive officer for whom compensation disclosure is required. 

Name and Principal Position (a) 
 Period (b) 
 Salary (c) 
 Bonus (d) 
 Stock Awards (e) 
 Option Awards (f) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (g) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (h) 
 All Other Compensation (i) 
 Total (j) 
 
 Michael Feinsod Chief Executive Officer 
 Year ended August 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Four months December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 62,877 
 25,612 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 88,489 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 120,000 
 - 
 1,287,123 
 532,513 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,939,636 
 
 Hunter Garth President 
 Year ended August 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 31,438 
 12,806 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 44,244 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 96,000 
 - 
 643,562 
 266,257 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,005,819 
 
 Danil Pollack Former CEO 
 Year ended August 31, 2021 
 44,500 
 
 - 
 1,416,571 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,416,571 

Four months ended December 31, 2021 
 11,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 11,000 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

22 

Employment Agreements 

On
December 14, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Michael Feinsod, the Company s chief executive
officer and chairman. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Feinsod will continue to serve as the Company s chief
executive officer and chairman and will receive a base monthly salary of 10,000. The Company also granted to Mr. Feinsod, pursuant
to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock, which will vest one
year from the date of grant, and ten-year options to purchase 666,667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
 2.70 (representing a 120 premium over the closing price of the common stock on December 13, 2021). One-third of the
options will vest on each yearly anniversary of the date of grant. In the event that Mr. Feinsod is terminated without cause or
resigns with good reason (each as defined in the employment agreement), he will be entitled to his monthly base salary for twelve
months following such termination. 

On December
14, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Hunter Garth. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Garth will serve
as the Company s president and will receive a base monthly salary of 8,000. The Company also granted to Mr. Garth, pursuant to
the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, 500,000 shares of restricted common stock, which will vest one year from
the date of grant, and ten-year options to purchase 333,333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.70 (representing
a 120 premium over the closing price of the common stock on December 13, 2021). One-third of the options will vest on each yearly
anniversary of the date of grant. In the event that Mr. Garth is terminated without cause or resigns with good reason (each as defined
in the employment agreement), he will be entitled to his monthly base salary for twelve months following such termination. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth
our outstanding equity awards to our executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name (a) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) 
 Option Exercise Price ) (e) 
 Option Expiration Date (f) 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) (h) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (j) 
 
 Michael Feinsod 
 222,222 
 444,445 
 
 8.96 
 12/14/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hunter Garth 
 111,111 
 222,222 
 - 
 8.96 
 12/14/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

23 

Compensation of Directors 

No director of the Company
received any compensation for serving as director of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
certain information concerning the ownership of the company s common stock and Series C Preferred Stock as of April 27, 2023 with
respect to: (i) each person known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of the Company s common stock;
(ii) all directors and executive officers; and (iii) directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. To the knowledge of the
Company, each shareholder listed below possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the
business address of each person listed is care of Bespoke Extracts, Inc., at 2001 E. 33rd Avenue, Unit O, Aurora, CO. The percentages
in the table are based on 10,168,553 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 27, 2023, and have been calculated on the basis of
treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our common stock outstanding on that date and all shares of our common
stock issuable to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges owned by that
person at that date which are exercisable within 60 days of April 27, 2023. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have
sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them. 

Amount of 

Beneficial 
 Percent of 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Ownership 
 Class 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors: 

Michael Feinsod (1) 
 2,281,778 
 21.9 
 
 Hunter Garth (2) 
 511,111 
 5.0 
 
 Officers and Directors as a group (2 persons): 
 2,792,889 
 26.7 
 
 5 Holders: 

Infinity Management, LLC (3) 
 1,026,223 
 10.0 

(1) 
 Includes 1,015,112 shares of common stock held by Infinity, 44,444 shares underlying warrants held by Infinity, and 222,222 shares underlying vested options. Mr. Feinsod is the managing member of Infinity and has voting and investment power over the securities of the Company held by Infinity. Infinity also holds 1 share of Series C Preferred Stock of the Company, which provides the holder with 51 of the voting power of the Company s stockholders. 

(2) 
 Includes 11,111 shares underlying vested options. 

(3) 
 Includes 44,444 shares underlying warrants. 

24 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transaction 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Michael Feinsod, the Company s
chief executive officer, was repaid 2,500 and advanced the Company 415,500 for operations. The loans are non-interest bearing and payable
upon demand 

Director Independence . 

Neither of our directors is
independent as defined under Nasdaq listing standards. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following table shows
the fees that were billed to the Company by its independent auditor for professional services rendered in 2021 and 2022. 

Period 
 Audit Fees 
 Audit- 
 Related 
 Fees 
 Tax Fees 
 All Other 
 Fees 
 
 Year ended August 31, 2021 Liggett Webb, P.A. 
 31,000 
 - 
 750 
 - 
 
 Four months ended December 31, 2021 - Liggett Webb, P.A. 
 10,271 

- 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Liggett Webb, P.A. 
 15,576 

Year ended December 31, 31, 2022 Assurance Dimensions 
 43,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Audit fees . Audit
fees represent fees for professional services performed by for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly
consolidated financial statements, as well as services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements. 

Audit-related fees. Audit-related
fees represent fees for assurance and related services performed that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our consolidated financial statements. 

Tax Fees. Liggett
 Webb, P.A. received 750 for providing tax services relating to preparation of certain tax returns for us during the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

All other fees. Liggett Webb,
P.A. and Assurance Dimensions and did not receive any other fees from us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The board of directors serves
as the audit committee of the Company. All audit and non-audit services are pre-approved by the board of directors, which considers,
among other things, the possible effect of the performance of such services on the auditors independence. The board of directors
has considered the role of Liggett Webb, P.A. in providing services to us for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and has concluded
that such services are compatible with Assurance Dimensions independence as the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm. 

25 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 

(1) Our financial statements are listed on page F-1 of this annual
report. 

(2) Financial statement schedules: None. 

(b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB filed August 10, 2007) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles and Certificates of Merger (incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB filed August 10, 2007) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 19, 2012) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 3, 2015) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 10, 2017) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed June 14, 2012) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed October 7, 2020) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 26, 2020) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB filed August 10, 2007) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed July 7, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to 10-K filed December 18, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC and WonderLeaf, LLC (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 8, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement between Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC and WonderLeaf, LLC (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 8, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Lease, dated December 2, 2021, between Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC and WL Holdings, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 8, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the Company and Michael Feinsod (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 15, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the Company and Hunter Garth (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 15, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 15, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Bespoke Extracts, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 15, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 15, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed January 3, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed January 3, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Asset Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed July 7, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Asset Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed September 9, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Asset Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed November 3, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Inventory Earn Out Agreement (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed November 16, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to 10-K filed December 14, 2018) 
 
 16 
 
 Letter from Liggett Webb, P.A. (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed November 7, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries: Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC (Colorado) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith. 

I ndicates
management contract or compensatory arrangement. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BESPOKE EXTRACTS, INC. 

Dated: April 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Feinsod 

Michael Feinsod 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer, 
 principal financial officer and 
 principal accounting officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Michael Feinsod 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 27, 2023 

Michael Feinsod 
 
 (principal executive, financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Hunter Garth 
 
 Director 
 
 April 27, 2023 
 
 Hunter Garth 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_bespoke.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPLE EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Feinsod, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bespoke
Extracts, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Feinsod 

Michael Feinsod 

Chief Executive Officer 
(principal executive and financial officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex32-1_bespoke.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Bespoke Extracts, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Feinsod, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Michael Feinsod 

Michael Feinsod 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive and financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 bspk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 bspk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 bspk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 bspk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 bspk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

