<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230515_10-K_edgar_data_1622244_0001493152-23-017550.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10216481</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>224092</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1453781</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3858164</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2071211</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2338937</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-017550.hdr.sgml : 20230515
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230515172427
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-017550
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230515
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230515

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			One World Products, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001622244
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				611744826
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56151
		FILM NUMBER:		23924493

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6605 GRAND MONTECITO PKWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89149
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7026050605

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6605 GRAND MONTECITO PKWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89149

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	One World Pharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190125

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PUNTO GROUP, CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141014

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-017550.txt : 20230515

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

One
World Products, Inc. 

 ., 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices and zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). 

 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing price of
 0.169 per share as of June 30, 2022 was approximately . 

As
of May 10, 2023, there were shares of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 14 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 15 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 15 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 15 

PART II 
 
 16 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 16 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 17 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 18 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 24 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 25 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 26 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 26 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 27 

PART III 
 
 27 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 27 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 29 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 29 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 30 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 32 

PART IV 
 
 33 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 33 

SIGNATURES 
 
 35 

PART
I 

Forward
Looking Statements 

This
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations of our future operations.
For this purpose, any statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking
statements. Without limiting the foregoing, words such as may, will, expect, believe, 
 anticipate, estimate, or continue or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending
on a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. 

These
risks and uncertainties include our limited operating history; changes in cannabis laws, regulations and guidelines; our reliance on
Colombian licenses, our ability to obtain authorizations and quotas; regulatory compliance risks; competition in our industry; our ability
to establish and maintain bank accounts; our ability to comply with foreign trade policies; the continued demand for cannabis and derivate
products; our ability to retain and acquire skilled personnel; and the risks involved in conducting operations in Colombia, as well as
other factors set forth under the caption Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. Although the forward-looking statements in this
report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them.
In light of these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except
as required by law, we undertake no obligation to announce publicly revisions we make to these forward-looking statements to reflect
the effect of events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this report. All written and oral forward-looking statements made
subsequent to the date of this report and attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety
by this section. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

On
February 21, 2019, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger Merger Agreement with OWP Merger Subsidiary, Inc. OWP Merger Sub), our wholly-owned subsidiary, and OWP Ventures, Inc. OWP Ventures ). Under the Merger Agreement,
the acquisition of OWP Ventures by us was effected by the merger of OWP Merger Sub with and into OWP Ventures, with OWP Ventures being
the surviving entity as our wholly-owned subsidiary (the Merger ). The closing (the Closing of the Merger
occurred on February 21, 2019. 

Immediately
prior to the Closing, we were a public shell company with nominal assets. As of the Closing, we are no longer a public
shell. As a result of the Merger, we are engaged in OWP Ventures business, including the business of its wholly-owned subsidiary,
One World Pharma, S.A.S., a Colombian company OWP Colombia ). On November 23, 2021, we changed our name from One World
Pharma, Inc. to One World Products, Inc. through the merger of One World Products, Inc., a recently formed Nevada corporation wholly-owned
by us, with and into us. This merger was effected solely to effect the change of our name, and had no effect on our officers, directors,
operations, assets or liabilities. In this Form 10-K, the terms we, us, our and our
company refers to One World Products, Inc. and its wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries, OWP Ventures and OWP Colombia. 

On
June 3, 2020, Isiah L. Thomas III was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman. Mr. Thomas was a 12-time NBA
All Star, two-time NBA champion, and is an accomplished international business executive. In 2021, through ISIAH International, LLC,
of which he is the sole member, Mr. Thomas purchased 3,000,000 of our Series B Preferred Stock in installments over a period of time
ending in July 2021. 

We
plan to be a producer of raw cannabis and hemp plant ingredients for both medical and industrial uses across the globe. We have received
licenses from Colombian regulators to cultivate, produce and distribute the raw ingredients of the cannabis and hemp plant for medicinal,
scientific and industrial purposes. Specifically, we are one of the first companies in Colombia to receive licenses for seed, cultivation,
extraction and export from the Colombian government (the Licenses ). 

We
planted our first crop of cannabis in Popayan, Colombia in 2018, and began initial harvesting in the first quarter of 2019 for the purpose
of further research and development activities and quality control testing of the cannabis we have produced. We commenced limited shipping
of non-psychoactive products to customers in May of 2020. Although we hold the four Colombian Licenses, we will need to obtain additional
approvals from Colombian regulators before we can fully execute our business plan, particularly with respect to the sale psychoactive
products. As described further under Regulation below, 

We
 will need to obtain quota approvals from the Colombian authorities before we can commence commercial sale of our psychoactive products
 under our Cannabis Manufacturing License and Psychoactive Cultivation License; 

We
 have successfully registered three non-psychoactive distinct cannabis strains and have received the certification required by Colombia s
 National Registrar as of April 2020; and 

1 

We
 have been issued the sanitary registrations needed to sell our products intended for human consumption; and 

We
 have successfully registered eight psychoactive distinct cannabis strains and have received the certifications required by Columbia s
 National Registrar as of December 2020; and 

We
 obtained quota approvals on December 30, 2022 for thirteen strains of THC. 

Our
first cultivation site is located in Popayan, Colombia and our extraction facility will be located in the outskirts of Bogota, Colombia,
in the town of Mosquera. Our cultivation facility encompasses approximately 30 acres and includes a covered greenhouse built specifically
to cultivate high-grade cannabis and hemp. In addition, we have entered into agreements with local farming co-operatives that include
small farmers and indigenous tribe members, under which they will cultivate cannabis on up to approximately 140 acres of land using our
seeds and propagation techniques, and sell their harvested products to us on an exclusive basis. 

We
employ modern propagation and cultivation techniques drawn from U.S. practices that allow us to rapidly multiply the cells of a specific
plant strain to produce large numbers of genetically consistent progeny plants using our own plant tissue culture method. We believe
this technique allows us to cultivate plants which are stable, robust and able to produce genetically superior cannabis and hemp derived
products. We intend to have our processes and products certified as compliant with international standards, including Good Agricultural
Practices GAP ), Good Manufacturing Practice GMP and the standards set forth in EU Pharmacopoeia, a publication
that sets forth quality standards applicable to the European pharmaceutical industry. 

We
currently have 120,000 square feet of covered greenhouse capacity, which we intend to increase to 160,000 square feet. We are building
out our extraction and production facility and expect it to be operational before the end of the third quarter of 2023. During the first
quarter of 2022, we made payments of approximately 1,400,000 for a state of the art distillation machine that was installed during the
first quarter of 2023, which we expect to be placed in service during the second quarter of 2023 within our vertically integrated extraction
facility in which we entered into a five-year lease on October 1, 2022, where we have combined our office and extraction facilities into
the same building. This facility is approximately half the cost of the former, and already contains the necessary electrical and epoxy
floors, which will significantly reduce our tenant improvement costs. Once the equipment is placed in service, we will be one of the
only companies in Colombia to both hold licenses and possess the capability to extract high-quality CBD and THC oils. In addition, we
have a contractual relationship with a local co-operative under which they agree to assist us in cultivation at our facility. 

We
have received full registrations from the Instituto Colombiano Agropecuario (the ICA for the full registration of 3 non-psychoactive
high CBD strains and 13 proprietary high THC cannabis strains. Only registered strains may be sold under Colombian law. We are now able
to start the quota process, which is required in order to commercialize THC products. We receives a supplementary quota on December 30,
2022 that will allow us to sell THC products, based on the thirteen strains that were approved. 

We
recently added premium coffee certified by the Colombian National Coffee Federation infused CBD, teas infused with CBD and a series of
wellness products, including sports CBD energy drinks for optimum performance, CBD facial and body creams for anti-inflammatory and anti-aging
use to our product pipeline. We expect to start exporting our product pipeline in 2023, including CBD flower and distillate oil, while
developing our white label commercial agreements with Europe, USA, and Latin America, while we continue to stream our process and procedures
in a re-organization, following lean best practices in our operations and management to become the preferred just-in-time supplier of
cannabinoids based premium products and raw ingredients with attractive pricing. 

We
believe there is a large and growing market for cannabis and hemp products around the world. The market for CBD has shown particular
demand and growth. We will pursue sales into this market using a direct sales force to establish direct customer relationships and distributor
relationships. We will seek out customers who have large and recurring needs and demands. Countries that we intend to focus on include
EU countries, the UK, Poland, Israel, and Canada. 

History
and Background 

One
World Pharma S.A.S., is a Colombian company OWP Colombia ), incorporated on July 14, 2017 with the goal of procuring the
following Colombian Licenses. 

On
December 20, 2017, the Colombian Ministry of Health, by means of resolution No. 5251 of 2017, granted OWP Colombia its license for the
production of cannabis derivatives for domestic use and export, allowing OWP Colombia to extract high tetrahydrocannabinol THC compounds Cannabis Manufacturing License ). This license was renewed in 2023 for a ten-year term. 

2 

On
December 26, 2017, the Colombian Ministry of Justice, by means of resolution No. 1087 of 2017, granted OWP Colombia its license to use
seeds for sowing for sale or delivery of seeds and/or for scientific research purposes, allowing for genetic and seed bank registration Cannabis Seed Possession License ). This license was also renewed in 2023 for a ten-year term. 

On
December 26, 2017, the Colombian Ministry of Justice, by means of resolution No. 1088 of 2017, granted OWP Colombia its license to grow
non-psychoactive cannabis plants (less than 1.0 THC). Under this license, OWP Colombia can produce seeds for planting, deliver and make
sales of the cannabis crop in order to produce cannabis derivatives and deliver and make sales of the cannabis crop for industrial purposes Cannabis Non-Psychoactive Cultivation License ). This license was also renewed in 2023 for a ten-year term. 

On
January 4, 2018, the Colombian Ministry of Justice, by means of resolution No. 0015 of 2018, granted OWP Colombia its license to grow
psychoactive cannabis plants (greater than 1.0 THC) Psychoactive Cultivation License ). Under this license, OWP Colombia
can produce seeds for planting, and deliver and make sales of the cannabis crop in order to produce cannabis derivatives. This license
was also renewed in 2023 for a ten-year term. 

Six
months prior to the expiration of each of the Licenses, we can apply for successive renewals for additional ten-year periods. In each
renewal application, the corresponding Ministry will assess compliance with all the relevant requirements in determining whether or not
to renew the License. 

On
March 27, 2018, OWP Ventures, Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of acquiring OWP Colombia. 

On
May 30, 2018, OWP Ventures entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with the shareholders of OWP Colombia whereby the shareholders of
OWP Colombia transferred their shares in OWP Colombia to OWP Ventures in exchange for 10,200,000 shares of common stock of OWP Ventures. 

Products 

We
are focused on cultivating, processing and supplying crude cannabis oil, distillate and isolate to customers specification. We
plan to sell as a wholesaler to industrial companies making cannabis related products. We also plan on supplying the hemp plant bio-mass
remaining after our extraction process to industry participants that utilize hemp in the manufacture of their products. Hemp is used
to make a variety of commercial and industrial products, including rope, textiles, clothing, shoes, food, paper, bioplastics, insulation
and biofuel. 

We
are currently in the process of cultivating medicinal cannabis at our facility in Popayan, Colombia for a variety of medical conditions.
We have registered 25 varieties or strains of cannabis with the Colombian Ministry of Health. See Strains of Cannabis below.
The development of these strains enables us to select mother plants and identify the concentrations of cannabinoids required for the
products which we intend to distribute. The cannabis will be produced in accordance with GMP Standards. We are committed to developing
final products consistent with medicinal cannabis industry standards and pharmaceutical procedures. Our products will include a variety
of cannabinoids and terpenes designed to address specific medical conditions. The composition of the strains will include a wide range
of THC and CBD ratios. 

Industry 

Medicinal
cannabis refers to the use of cannabis and its constituent cannabinoids and terpenes to treat disease or ameliorate symptoms such as
pain, muscle spasticity, nausea and other indications. Cannabinoid is a blanket term covering a family of complex chemicals, both natural
and man-made, that bind with cannabinoid receptors (protein molecules on the surface of cells) and effect a wide number of responses.
Cannabinoid receptors in the human body are part of a system called the endocannabinoid system. This system produces chemicals called
endocannabinoids, which also bind with cannabinoid receptors. Cannabinoid receptors are found in the brain and throughout the body. Scientists
have found that cannabinoid receptors in the endocannabinoid system are involved in a vast array of functions in our bodies, including
helping to modulate brain and nerve activity (including memory and pain), energy metabolism, heart function, the immune system and even
reproduction. While there are a large number of active cannabinoids found in cannabis, the two most common currently used for medical
purposes are tetrahydrocannabinol and cannabidiol. Although no clinical trials have been completed in the United States to validate the
effectiveness of tetrahydrocannabinol or cannabidiol in managing disease and improving symptoms, scientific studies have identified that
they, alone and/or in combination, may potentially provide treatment benefits for a large number of medical conditions. For example,
tetrahydrocannabinol, a psychotropic cannabinoid, has been shown to activate pathways in the central nervous system which work to block
pain signals and has shown potential to assist patients with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and stimulate appetite in patients
following chemotherapy. Cannabidiol, on the other hand, is non-psychotropic and has shown potential to relieve convulsion and inflammation,
and is the active ingredient in Epidolex, which in June 2018 was approved by the FDA for the treatment of two rare and severe forms of
epilepsy. 

3 

Regulation 

Our
active business operations are currently conducted solely within Colombia, and as such, the discussion below is limited to Colombian
laws and regulations applicable to our business, which require us to hold the relevant licenses, quotas and other permits, as described
below. Our activities in the United States consist solely of corporate administrative activities at our Las Vegas headquarters, including
accounting, finance and SEC compliance functions. We believe that our current activities in the United States will not subject us to
regulation under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act or other applicable U.S. federal or state laws with respect to our proposed business
plans. All export activities will be conducted from Colombia, and we do not intend to export any of our products to jurisdictions where
such sales are not legal under local law. We intend to export Hemp oil to the USA, in accordance with The Agriculture Improvement Act
of 2018 (2018 farm bill; P.L. 115-334, H. Rept. 115-1072). 

Regulatory
Authorities 

Several
authorities interact in the Colombian cannabis industry. The Ministry of Health is in charge of granting the Cannabis Manufacturing and
Distribution License and exercises administrative control over the production of cannabis derivatives. The Ministry of Justice, through
the subsection for the Control and Supervision of Chemical Substances and Narcotic Drugs, is the competent authority for issuing the
Cannabis Seeds Possession License, the Cannabis Psychoactive Cultivation License and the Cannabis Non-Psychoactive Cultivation License
and for exercising administrative control over cannabis operations and cultivation. The National Narcotics Fund FNE exercises
administrative and operational control over activities related to the management of psychoactive and non-psychoactive cannabis and its
derivatives. The National Food and Drug Surveillance Institute INVIMA is in charge of issuing and monitoring compliance
under the health and phytosanitary registrations that may be applicable to products containing cannabis derivatives. The Colombian Agricultural
Institute ICA is responsible for maintaining the registry of the Genetic Pool or Fuente Semillera 
and the registration of cannabis seeds and strains under the Registro Nacional de Cultivares Comerciales . 

In
exercising the administrative and operational control activities discussed above the Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Health, ICA and
FNE are required to coordinate their activities to the extent necessary, according to their competencies, with the Ministry of Agriculture
and Rural Development through ICA, as well as with the National Police. 

Licenses 

Under
Colombian law, there are four types of cannabis licenses that authorize different activities concerning the various stages of the production
line of the medical cannabis industry: (i) the Cannabis Seeds Possession License; which is required for the domestic sale and delivery
of seeds (but not export) and for scientific research purposes; (ii) the Cannabis Psychoactive Cultivation License, which is required
for the production of seeds for sowing; for grain production; production of cannabis derivatives; for scientific research purposes, for
storage, and for final disposal; (iii) the Cannabis Non-Psychoactive Cultivation License, which is required for the production of grain
and seeds for sowing; production of cannabis derivatives; for industrial purposes; for scientific research purposes; for storage; and
for final disposal; and (iv) the Cannabis Manufacturing and Distribution License, which is required for the production of cannabis derivatives
for domestic use; production of cannabis derivatives for scientific research purposes; and production of cannabis derivatives for exportation.
OWP Colombia holds all of these licenses. 

The
legal framework currently in force in Colombia regarding medical cannabis is established in Law 1787 of 2016 (the Law and the Decree 613 of 2017 (the Decree ). Cannabis licenses must be issued by the Ministry of Health or the Ministry of
Justice in an estimated time of 60 days, however, in practice, this process can take between four and six months. In accordance with
Colombia s international obligations, there is a limit in the amount of Cannabis allowed for fabrication or cultivation assigned
by the Colombian Government (specific crop or manufacturing quotas) that must be requested by each licensee when applying for a Cannabis
Psychoactive Cultivation License or a Cannabis Manufacturing License. The activities of cultivation and manufacturing can only be started
once the specific quotas have been granted to the licensee. 

Duration
of Licenses 

The
Cannabis Seeds Possession License, the Cannabis Psychoactive Cultivation License, the Cannabis Non-Psychoactive License, and the Cannabis
Manufacturing and Distribution License are granted by the Ministry of Justice and/or the Ministry of Health (as applicable), when the
applicant fulfills the general criteria described in Article 2.8.11.2.1.5 of the Decree, and the specific requirements for each type
of license. Each of these licenses is valid for up to five years. The Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Health (as applicable)
maintain the right to monitor the activities performed by the corresponding licensee, and in the event of a breach by the licensee of
the obligations and duties set forth in the Decree, the licenses may be revoked. The relevant Ministry may renew these licenses for additional
and successive five-year periods. In each renewal application, the Ministry will assess compliance with all the relevant requirements
in determining whether or not to renew the license. 

4 

Quotas 

As
described above, regulations of cannabis in Colombia provides an additional requirement applicable to the Cannabis Psychoactive Cultivation
License and Cannabis Manufacturing License, which require the grant of crop and manufacturing quotas (the Quotas ). According
to Article 2.8.11.2.6.2 of the Decree, the assignment of Quotas is collectively made by the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Justice,
the ICA, the INVIMA, and the FNE. 

According
to Article 2.8.11.2.6.5 of the Decree, there are two types of Quotas: (i) crop quotas for psychoactive cannabis (for holders of the Cannabis
Psychoactive Cultivation License) which are granted by the Ministry of Justice; and (ii) the manufacturing quotas for psychoactive cannabis
(for holders of the Cannabis Manufacturing License) which are granted by the Ministry of Health. 

These
Quotas are requested by the licensees no later than the last calendar day of April of each year, and, if they are granted by the corresponding
authority, they can only be used by the licensees during the next calendar year (for instance, if a licensee requests a specific crop
Quota in March, 2018, and this Quota is granted by the Ministry of Justice, the licensee will be allowed to use the Quota from January
1, 2019 to December 31, 2019). In extraordinary events, the licensees can request a supplementary Quota that will apply to the calendar
year requested (the issuance of these Quotas depends on the special circumstances defined by the Colombian governmental authorities). 

On
December 3, 2018, by means of resolution 1256 of 2018, Colombia s Ministry of Justice granted OWP Colombia a supplementary Quota
for growing psychoactive mother plants; six for each of 13 varieties, for a total of 78 mother plants. However, before
we commence the commercial sale of our psychoactive products (greater than 1 THC content), we will need to obtain Quotas from the Ministry
of Health. This will require us to conduct successful agricultural characterization tests approved by and registered with the ICA/Ministry
of Agriculture and Rural Development, and stabilized extracts characterization tests approved by INVIMA/Ministry of Health, of product
samples grown by us under Quotas obtained from the Ministry of Justice. We have already requested from the Ministry of Health and Justice
our annual Quotas for the export sale of psychoactive ingredients in 2022, and are awaiting the issuance of such Quotas in order to start
our production process. 

Strains
of Cannabis 

Strains
of cannabis are registered in Colombia in two manners: 

Registration
 of the Genetic Pool or Fuente Semillera : Under Article 2.8.11.11.1 of the Decree, licensed producers of cannabis
 had until December 31, 2018 to register the genetics of strains of cannabis with the ICA. Under this transitory article, the government
 allowed a limited period for licensed producers of cannabis to source genetics currently available in Colombia and register these
 as their fuente semillera . We registered 25 varieties under this article. This registration enables us to grow our
 own strains of cannabis as opposed to having to purchase registered strains from other licensed producers. 

Registration
 Under the Registro Nacional de Cultivares Comerciales : Licensed producers of cannabis have to be granted a breeding/research
 license to be able to develop, select and trial stabilized cannabis cultivars. This registration allows licensed producers to register
 unique and stable varieties of cannabis for commercial production within Colombia. We were granted such license in the first quarter
 of 2018. Licensed producers can then request from ICA a registration trial, which is a field flowering trial with the supervision
 of ICA officials. The data collected in these trials can lead to registration of the cultivar in the National Registrar. Only registered
 varieties will be allowed to be produced commercially. We have received full registration for 3 non-psychoactive high CBD strains
 which have been approved for sale. We have also received permission to take 13 psychoactive THC strains through this process and
 anticipate the completion of such by year end 2021. 

Sanitary
Registration 

The
commercialization of cannabis-based finished products intended for human consumption requires the issuance of sanitary registrations
by the INVIMA, and in the case of products intended for animal consumption, by the ICA. 

Environmental 

Under
Colombian law, general principles of environmental law are set out in Law 99 of 1993 and Article 9 of the National Code of Natural Resources
and Protection of the Environment. These laws establish principles governing the use of natural resources, including that use must occur
without causing harm to the interests of the community or of third parties. Parties that cause environmental damage while acting under
the authority of a permit are responsible for incurring the costs to rectify the damage. The imposition of environmental sanctions is
in addition to civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed. Environmental damage caused while a party is acting without a license
constitutes a breach of Law 99 of 1993 and may lead to the imposition of sanctions, in addition to civil or criminal proceedings that
may result. Parties that cause environmental damage, in addition to sanctions or penalties that apply, will also be required to carry
out studies to assess the characteristics of the damage. Under Colombian law, liability for environmental damage creates a presumption
of liability in case of a: (i) breach of environmental laws; (ii) environmental damage; and (iii) breach of environmental license or
any other administrative act from the environmental authorities. The Environmental Authorities may investigate potential claims, authorize
preventative measures, or impose sanctions on parties breaching environmental law. 

5 

Competition 

The
market for medicinal cannabis is characterized by unsatisfied patient demand, with few authorized producers. Although competition in
the market is growing and Colombia offers an open process to apply for the licenses, we believe we are competitively positioned to satisfy
the demand for medicinal cannabis given our early entry into the market, the management team s expertise in medical product branding,
marketing, quality control and domestic market relationships. In addition, the Colombian government has published for comment a draft
decree that requires any applicant for any of the four Licenses to furnish evidence that it has completed the seed registration process
before the ICA and obtained the corresponding technical sheet for the cannabis plants and varieties. If enacted, this new regulation
will result in stricter requirements on potential competitors seeking a Colombian License. 

Cultivation
in Colombia has natural cost advantages. However, management believes the more sustainable competitive advantage is to create patient
loyalty and brand preference, as opposed to the distribution of more homogeneous products. Domestically our competition consists of PharmaCielo,
CannaVida, Empresa Colombiana de Cannabis, Khiron Life Sciences Corp., MedCan, Canopy Growth Corporation, Clever Leaves and Flora Growth. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely
on trade secrets, including know-how, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements and other contractual rights to establish and
protect our proprietary rights in our technology. 

Seasonality 

Colombia
and its vertical offering of microclimates is the ideal country for year-round growing and processing of all possible varieties of cannabis
in a natural, environmentally friendly manner. 

Principal
Executive Offices 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 6605 Grand Montecito Pkwy., Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89149. Our telephone number is (800)
605-3210. We believe our facilities are adequate to meet our current and near-term needs. 

Employees 

As
of May 10, 2022, we had 14 full-time employees. Our employees are not represented by labor unions. We consider our relationship with
our employees to be positive. 

ITEM
1A. Risk Factors 

The
following important factors, and the important factors described elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the SEC, could
affect (and in some cases have affected) our results and could cause our results to be materially different from estimates or expectations.
Other risks and uncertainties may also affect our results or operations adversely. The following and these other risks could materially
and adversely affect our business, operations, results or financial condition. 

Risks
Relating to our Business 

Limited
Operating History 

We
are an early stage company that has generated minimal revenues and, we have a limited operating history upon which our business and future
prospects may be evaluated. To date, we have suffered recurring losses from operations and have an accumulated deficit of approximately
 22,976,365 as of December 31, 2022. We are subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business enterprise,
including the risk that we will not achieve our operating goals. In order for us to meet future operating requirements, we will need
to successfully grow, harvest and sell our cannabis products. Until such time as we are able to fund our business from operations, we
will be required to raise funds through various sources, including the sale of equity and debt securities, Failure to generate cash from
operations and to reach profitability may adversely affect our success. 

6 

Change
of Cannabis Laws, Regulations and Guidelines 

Cannabis
laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to evolving interpretations which could require us to incur substantial costs associated
with compliance or alter certain aspects of our business plan. Regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable
to certain aspects of our businesses. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications,
nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated,
could have on our business. Management expects that the legislative and regulatory environment in the cannabis industry in Colombia and
internationally will continue to be dynamic and will require innovative solutions to try to comply with this changing legal landscape
in this nascent industry for the foreseeable future. Compliance with any such legislation may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Public
opinion can also exert a significant influence over the regulation of the cannabis industry. A negative shift in the public s perception
of the cannabis industry could affect future legislation or regulation in different jurisdictions. 

Reliance
on Colombian Licenses, Authorizations and Quotas 

Our
ability to import seeds, grow, store and sell cannabis and hemp in Colombia or internationally is dependent on our ability to sustain
and/or obtain the necessary licenses and authorizations by certain authorities in Colombia and/or the importing jurisdiction. The licenses
and authorizations are subject to ongoing compliance and reporting requirements and our ability to obtain, sustain or renew any such
licenses and authorizations on acceptable terms is subject to changes in regulations and policies and to the discretion of the applicable
authorities or other governmental agencies in foreign jurisdictions. Failure to comply with the requirements of the licenses or authorizations
or any failure to maintain the licenses or authorizations would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and
operating results. In addition, Colombian regulators limit the cultivation and sale of psychoactive cannabis by Quotas issued on an annual
basis to licensed producers. 

Although
we believe that we will meet the requirements to obtain, sustain or renew the necessary licenses and authorizations, there can be no
guarantee that the applicable authorities will issue these licenses or authorizations. In addition, to date we have not been issued Quotas
that would allow us to commence the commercial sale of psychoactive cannabis products. Should the authorities fail to issue the necessary
licenses or authorizations, including required Quotas, we may be curtailed or prohibited from the production and/or distribution of cannabis
and hemp or from proceeding with the development of our operations as currently proposed and our business, financial condition and results
of the operation may be materially adversely affected. 

Regulatory
Compliance Risks 

Achievement
of our business objectives is contingent, in part, upon compliance with regulatory requirements enacted by applicable governmental authorities
and obtaining all regulatory approvals, where necessary, for the sale of our products in Colombia and other jurisdictions where we intend
to distribute and sell our products. We will incur ongoing costs and obligations related to regulatory compliance. Failure to comply
with applicable laws, regulations and permitting requirements may result in enforcement actions thereunder, including orders issued by
regulatory or judicial authorities causing operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital
expenditures, installation of additional equipment, or remedial actions. Civil or criminal fines or penalties may be imposed on us for
violations of applicable laws or regulations. Vigorous enforcement of these laws could require extensive changes to our operations, increase
our compliance costs or give rise to material liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Competition 

There
are many companies engaged in the cannabis business who we will compete with, including larger and more established companies with substantially
greater marketing, financial, human and other resources than we have. These companies include PharmaCielo, CannaVida, Empresa Colombiana
de Cannabis, Khiron Life Sciences Corp., MedCan, Canopy Growth Corporation, Clever Leaves and Flora Growth. Although we believe we are
competitively positioned to be a leader in the medicinal cannabis industry given our early entry into the market, the management team s
expertise in medical product branding, marketing, quality control, and market relationships, competition in the medical cannabis industry
is growing quickly. As more competitors enter the market, prices may be reduced. We believe our approach in creating brand loyalty will
allow us to effectively compete in the market but there is no assurance that will be the case, and our competitors may adopt a similar
or identical approach. To date, we have obtained four licenses in Colombia that authorize us to engage in cannabis activities, and there
are currently few authorized producers there. However, Colombia offers an open process to apply for licenses and there are no significant
barriers to entry. As a result, our ability to generate revenues and earnings may be reduced as competition intensifies, thereby causing
a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

7 

Ability
to Establish and Maintain Bank Accounts 

Many
banking institutions in countries where we or our prospective customers operate will not accept payments related to the cannabis industry,
whether owing to domestic laws and regulations or pressure exerted by the United States on banks with laws subject to the laws of the
United States (including, the Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of
2001 (USA PATRIOT Act)). Failure to conduct our business through normal banking channels may impede our ability to make payments for
goods and services and transact business in the ordinary course. Failure to operate in normal banking channels may also increase our
cost of doing business and negatively affect our business. In the event financial service providers do not accept accounts or transactions
related to the cannabis industry, it is possible that we may be required to seek alternative payment solutions. If the industry was to
move towards alternative payment solutions we would have to adopt policies and protocols to manage our volatility and exchange rate risk
exposures. Our inability to manage such risks may adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 

Anti-money
Laundering Laws and Regulations 

We
are subject to a variety of laws and regulations within Colombia and internationally that involve money laundering, financial recordkeeping
and proceeds of crime. In the event that any of our investments, or any proceeds thereof, any dividends or distributions therefrom, or
any profits or revenues accruing from such investments are found to be in violation of money laundering legislation or otherwise, such
transactions may be viewed as proceeds of crime under applicable legislation. Money laundering laws could restrict or otherwise jeopardize
our ability to declare or pay dividends, effect other distributions or subsequently cause the repatriation of such funds back to the
United States or to any shareholders jurisdiction of residence. Furthermore, while we have no current intention to declare or
pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, in the event that a determination was made that the revenues from our cannabis
operations could reasonably be shown to constitute proceeds of crime, we may decide or be required to suspend declaring or paying dividends
without advance notice and for an indefinite period of time. 

Foreign
Trade Policies 

Our
prospective international operations are subject to inherent risks, including changes in the regulations governing the flow of cannabis
products between countries, fluctuations in currency values, discriminatory fiscal policies, unexpected changes in local regulations
and laws and the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, foreign jurisdictions could impose tariffs,
quotas, trade barriers and other similar restrictions on our international sales and subsidize competing cannabis products. All of these
risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues. 

United
States Regulation 

Although
we do not believe that our limited U.S. activity will subject us to regulation under U.S. federal or state laws applicable to the sale
of cannabis and marijuana, we cannot assure you that current or future U.S. laws and regulations will not detrimentally affect our business.
Local, state and federal cannabis laws and regulations in the United States are constantly changing and they are subject to evolving
interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of our product
or service offerings. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result
in a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability, and financial condition. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws,
regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative
policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

Liability,
Enforcement, Complaints, etc. 

Our
participation in the cannabis and hemp industries may lead to litigation, formal or informal complaints, enforcement actions, and inquiries
by third parties, other companies and/or various governmental authorities against us. Litigation, complaints, and enforcement actions
involving us could consume considerable amounts of financial and other corporate resources, which could have an adverse effect on our
future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. 

8 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be a party to legal and regulatory proceedings, including matters involving governmental agencies, entities with
whom we do business and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We will evaluate our exposure to these legal and
regulatory proceedings and establish reserves for the estimated liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Assessing and predicting the outcome of these matters involves substantial uncertainties. Unexpected outcomes in these legal proceedings,
or changes in management s evaluations or predictions and accompanying changes in established reserves, could have an adverse impact
on our financial results. 

Environmental
Regulations 

We
are subject to Colombian environmental laws governing the use of natural resources, which prohibit such use that causes harm to the interests
of the community or of third parties. Parties that cause environmental damage while acting under the authority of a permit are responsible
for incurring the costs to rectify the damage. The imposition of environmental sanctions is in addition to civil and criminal penalties
that may be imposed. Environmental damage caused while a party is acting without a license may lead to the imposition of sanctions, in
addition to civil or criminal proceedings. Parties that cause environmental damage, in addition to sanctions or penalties that apply,
are also required to carry out studies to assess the characteristics of the damage. Colombian environmental authorities may investigate
potential claims, authorize preventative measures, or impose sanctions on parties breaching environmental law. Any such measures imposed
on us could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Demand
for Cannabis and Derivate Products 

The
global sale of cannabis and hemp products is a new industry as a result of recent legal and regulatory changes. Although we expect the
demand for licensed cannabis to be in excess of the supply being produced by the licensed producers, there is a risk that such demand
does not develop as anticipated. Further, there is a risk that the adoption rate by pharmacies to sell medical cannabis is lower than
expected or that such adoption rate may take longer than anticipated. There is also a risk that the international export market for medicinal
cannabis and extracts, such as CBD, CBG and CBC, will not materialize as projected or not be commercially viable. Should any of such
events materialize, they may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Weather,
Climate Change and Risks Inherent in an Agricultural Business 

Our
business involves growing cannabis, which is an agricultural product. Although our medical cannabis is intended to be grown in greenhouses,
hemp used as feedstock for medicinal extracts and derivatives will be grown both outdoors and in greenhouses. Further, our prospective
Colombian medicinal cannabis operations will initially focus on outdoor production. The occurrence of severe adverse weather conditions,
especially droughts, hail, floods or frost, is unpredictable and may have a potentially devastating impact on agricultural production
and may otherwise adversely affect the supply of cannabis and hemp. Adverse weather conditions may be exacerbated by the effects of climate
change and may result in the introduction and increased frequency of pests and diseases. The effects of severe adverse weather conditions
may reduce our yields or require us to increase our level of investment to maintain yields. Additionally, higher than average temperatures
and rainfall can contribute to an increased presence of insects and pests, which could negatively affect cannabis crops. Future droughts
could reduce the yield and quality of our cannabis production, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The
occurrence and effects of plant disease, insects and pests can be unpredictable and devastating to agriculture, potentially rendering
all or a substantial portion of the affected harvests unsuitable for sale. Even when only a portion of the production is damaged, our
results of operations could be adversely affected because all or a substantial portion of the production costs may have been incurred.
Although some plant diseases are treatable, the cost of treatment can be high and such events could adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. Furthermore, if we fail to control a given plant disease and the production is threatened, we may be unable
to supply our customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance
that natural elements will not have a material adverse effect on any such production. 

Product
Liability 

As
a manufacturer and distributor of products designed to be ingested or inhaled by humans, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product
liability claims, regulatory action and litigation if our products are alleged to have caused damages, loss or injury. In addition, the
sale of our products involve the risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination.
Adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of our products alone or in combination with other medications or substances could
occur. We may be subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that our products caused injury or illness, include
inadequate instructions for use or include inadequate warnings concerning health risks, possible side effects or interactions with other
substances. A product liability claim or regulatory action against us could result in increased costs, could adversely affect our reputation
with our clients and consumers generally, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
There can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate
coverage against potential liabilities. Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at
all. 

9 

Energy
Prices and Supply 

We
require substantial amounts of diesel and electric energy and other resources for our harvest activities and to transport cannabis and
hemp. We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources used in our operations. The prices for and availability of energy
resources may be subject to change or curtailment, respectively, due to, among other things, new laws or regulations, imposition of new
taxes or tariffs, interruptions in production by suppliers, imposition of restrictions on energy supply by government, worldwide price
levels and market conditions. If our energy supply is cut for an extended period of time and we are unable to find replacement sources
at comparable prices, or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

Retention
and Acquisition of Skilled Personnel 

We
will be required to attract and retain top quality talent to compete in the marketplace . We believe our future growth and success
will depend in part on our abilities to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, product development, sales and marketing, and finance
personnel. There can be no assurance of success in attracting and retaining such personnel. Shortages in qualified personnel could limit
our ability to be successful. At present and for the near future, we will depend upon a relatively small number of employees primarily
in Colombia to develop, manufacture, market, sell and distribute our products. As the size of our business increases, we will seek to
hire additional employees in other jurisdictions. Expansion of marketing and distribution of our products will require us to find, hire
and retain additional capable employees who can understand, explain, market and sell our products and/or our ability to enter into satisfactory
logistic arrangements to sell our products. There is intense competition for capable personnel in all of these areas and we may not be
successful in attracting, training, integrating, motivating, or retaining new personnel or subcontractors for these required functions. 

Emerging
Market Risks 

Emerging
market investment generally poses a greater degree of risk than investment in more mature market economies because the economies in the
developing world are more susceptible to destabilization resulting from domestic and international developments. 

Colombia s
legal and regulatory requirements in connection with companies conducting agricultural activities, banking system and controls as well
as local business culture and practices are different from those in the United States. Our officers and directors must rely, to a great
extent, on our local legal counsel and local consultants retained by us in order to keep abreast of material legal, regulatory and governmental
developments as they pertain to and affect our business operations, and to assist us with our governmental relations. We must rely, to
some extent, on the members of management who have previous experience working and conducting business in Colombia to enhance our understanding
of and appreciation for the local business culture and practices in such countries. We also rely on the advice of local experts and professionals
in connection with current and new regulations that develop in respect of banking, financing and tax matters. Any developments or changes
in such legal, regulatory or governmental requirements or in local business practices are beyond our control and may adversely affect
our business. 

We
also bear the risk that changes can occur to the Government in Colombia and a new government may void or change the laws and regulations
that we are relying upon. Currently, there are no restrictions on the repatriation from Colombia of earnings to foreign entities and
Colombia has never imposed such restrictions. However, there can be no assurance that restrictions on repatriation of earnings will not
be imposed in the future. Exchange control regulations for Colombia require that any proceeds in foreign currency originated on exports
of goods from Colombia be repatriated to Colombia. However, purchase of foreign currency is allowed through Colombian authorized financial
entities for purposes of payments to foreign suppliers, repayment of foreign debt, payment of dividends to foreign stockholders and other
foreign expenses. 

Due
to our location in Colombia, our business, financial position and results of operations may be affected by the general conditions of
the Colombian economy, price instabilities, currency fluctuations, inflation, interest rates, regulatory changes, taxation changes, social
instabilities, political unrest and other developments in or affecting Colombia, over which we do not have control. 

10 

Risks
Related to Conducting Operations in Colombia 

We
recently were granted medicinal cannabis licenses in Colombia. Over the past 10 to 15 years, the Government of Colombia has made strides
in improving the social, political, economic, legal and fiscal regimes. However, operations in Colombia will still be subject to risk
due to the potential for social, political, economic, legal and fiscal instability. The Government of Colombia faces ongoing problems
including, but not limited to, unemployment and inequitable income distribution and unstable neighboring countries. The instability in
neighboring countries could result in an influx of immigrants resulting in a humanitarian crisis and/or increased illegal activities.
Colombia is also home to a number of insurgency groups and large swaths of the countryside are under guerrilla influence. In addition,
Colombia experiences narcotics-related violence, a prevalence of kidnapping, extortion and thefts and civil unrest in certain areas of
the country. Such instability may require us to suspend operations on our properties. 

Other
risks exist relating to the conduct of business in Colombia. These risks include the future imposition of special taxes or similar charges,
as well as foreign exchange fluctuations and currency convertibility and controls. Other risks of doing business in Colombia include
our ability to enforce our contractual rights or the taking or nationalization of property without fair compensation, restrictions on
the use of expatriates in our operations, renegotiation or nullification of existing concessions, licenses, permits and contracts, changes
in taxation policies, or other matters. 

The
Government of Colombia recently reached a peace accord with the country s largest guerrilla group. The Government of Colombia also
entered into and dissolved formal discussions with the country s second largest guerrilla group due to their unwillingness to cease
criminal and violent crimes. There is no certainty that the agreements will be adhered to by all of the members of the guerrilla groups
or that a peace agreement will be ultimately reached with the country s second largest guerrilla group. There is a risk that any
peace agreement might contain new laws or change existing laws that could have a material adverse effect on us. Furthermore, the achievement
of peace with the country s guerrilla groups could create additional social or political instability in the immediate aftermath,
which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Global
Economy 

Financial
and commodity markets in Colombia are influenced by the economic and market conditions in other countries, including other South American
and emerging market countries and other global markets. Although economic conditions in these countries may differ significantly from
economic conditions in Colombia, investors reactions to developments in these other countries, such as the recent developments
in the global financial markets, may substantially affect the capital flows into, and the market value of securities of issuers with
operations in Colombia. 

Insurance
Coverage 

Our
production is, in general, subject to different risks and hazards, including adverse weather conditions, fires, plant diseases and pest
infestations, other natural phenomena, industrial accidents, labor disputes, changes in the legal and regulatory framework applicable
to us, and environmental contingencies. We will endeavor to obtain appropriate insurance covering these risks in amounts sufficient to
support a downturn in the sale of our products due to these potential production risks. The cost of such insurance may be high and we
may not be able to obtain sufficient amount of insurance to cover these risks. 

Operations
in Spanish 

As
a result of our conducting most of our operations in Colombia, our regulatory licenses and books and records, including key documents
such as material contracts and financial documentation, are principally negotiated and entered into in the Spanish language and English
translations may not exist or be readily available. 

General
Business Risks 

Inability
to Manage Growth 

We
may not be able to effectively manage our growth. Our strategy envisions growing our business. We plan to expand our production and manufacturing
capability and create a distribution network on a global basis. Any growth in or expansion of our business is likely to continue to place
a strain on our management and administrative resources, infrastructure and systems. As with other growing businesses, we expect that
we will need to further refine and expand our business development capabilities, our systems and processes and our access to financing
sources. We also will need to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees. These processes are time consuming and expensive, will
increase management responsibilities and will divert management attention. We cannot assure you that we will be able to: 

expand
 our systems effectively or efficiently or in a timely manner; 

11 

create
 a distribution network 

allocate
 our human resources optimally; 

meet
 our capital needs; 

identify
 and hire qualified employees or retain valued employees; or 

obtain
 and maintain necessary licenses in relevant jurisdictions 

Our
inability or failure to manage our growth and expansion effectively could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our operating
results and financial condition. 

Speculative
Forecasts 

Any
forecasts we provide will be highly speculative in nature and we cannot predict results in a development stage company with a high degree
of accuracy. Any financial projections, especially those based on ventures with minimal operating history, are inherently subject to
a high degree of uncertainty, and their ultimate achievement depends on the timing and occurrence of a complex series of future events,
both internal and external to the enterprise. There can be no assurance that potential revenues or expenses we project will be accurate. 

Limited
Management Team 

Our
limited senior management team size may hamper our ability to effectively manage a publicly traded company while operating our business.
Our management team has experience in the management of publicly traded companies and complying with federal securities laws, including
compliance with recently adopted disclosure requirements on a timely basis. They realize it will take significant resources to meet these
requirements while simultaneously working on cultivating, developing and distributing our products. Our management will be required to
design and implement appropriate programs and policies in responding to increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements,
and any failure to do so could lead to the imposition of fines and penalties and harm our business. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

Limited
Trading 

Although
prices for shares of our common stock are quoted on the OTC Markets, there is little current trading and no assurance can be given that
an active public trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will be sustained. The OTC Markets is generally regarded as a
less efficient and less prestigious trading market than other national markets. There is no assurance if or when our common stock will
be quoted on another more prestigious exchange or market. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile because
for some time there will likely be a thin trading market for the stock, which causes trades of small blocks of stock to have a significant
impact on the stock price. 

12 

Penny
Stock Risk 

Because
our common stock is a penny stock, trading therein will be subject to regulatory restrictions. Our common stock is currently,
and in the near future will likely continue to be, considered a penny stock. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00
(other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq system, provided that current price
and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). The penny stock rules
require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk
disclosure document prepared by the SEC, which specifies information about penny stocks and the nature and significance of risks of the
penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation
of the broker-dealer and any salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements indicating the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that, prior to a transaction in a penny stock
not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable
investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure and other requirements
may adversely affect the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock. 

No
Dividend Payments 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and we do not expect to pay dividends to holders of our common stock for the foreseeable future,
and any return on investment may be limited to potential future appreciation on the value of our common stock. Our payment of any future
dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including without limitation,
our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to
at the time. To the extent we do not pay dividends, our stock may be less valuable because a return on investment will only occur if
and to the extent the stock price appreciates, which may never occur. In addition, shareholders must generally rely on sales of the shares
they own after price appreciation as the only way to realize their investment, and if the price of our common stock does not appreciate,
then there will be no return on investment. 

Control
of Common Stock will Influence Decision Making 

Our
officers, directors and principal stockholders are able to exert significant influence over us and may make decisions that are not in
the best interests of all stockholders. Our officers, directors and principal stockholders (greater than 5 stockholders) collectively
own approximately 45.9 of our fully-diluted common stock. As a result of such ownership, these stockholders are able to affect the outcome
of, or exert significant influence over, all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors
and any change in control. In particular, this concentration of ownership of our common stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change of control of our company or otherwise discouraging or preventing a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of
our company. This, in turn, could have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. It could also prevent our stockholders
from realizing a premium over the market prices for their shares of our common stock. 

We
are an Emerging Growth Company Within the Meaning of the Securities Act. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year,
in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accountant standards used. 

13 

Antitakeover
Protections 

Anti-takeover
provisions may limit the ability of another party to acquire us, which could cause our stock price to decline. Our articles of incorporation,
as amended, bylaws and Nevada law contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us, even if
doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, these provisions could limit the price investors would be willing to pay
in the future for shares of our common stock. 

Increased
Compliance Costs 

The
requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, may strain our resources, increase our costs and distract management,
and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. As a public company, we need to comply with
laws, regulations and requirements, certain corporate governance provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, related regulations of
the SEC, and requirements of the principal trading market upon which our common stock may trade, with which we are not required to comply
as a private company. As a result, the combined business will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that a private company
would not incur. Complying with these statutes, regulations and requirements will occupy a significant amount of the time of our board
of directors and management, will require us to have additional finance and accounting staff, may make it more difficult to attract and
retain qualified officers and members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on the audit committee, and may make some activities
more difficult, time consuming and costly. We will need to: 

institute
 a more comprehensive compliance function; 

establish
 new internal policies, such as those relating to disclosure controls and procedures and insider trading; 

design,
 establish, evaluate and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

prepare
 and distribute periodic reports in compliance with its obligations under the federal securities laws including the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act; 

involve
 and retain to a greater degree outside counsel and accountants in the above activities; and 

establish
 an investor relations function. 

If
we are unable to accomplish these objectives in a timely and effective fashion for our business, our ability to comply with financial
reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies could be impaired. If our finance and accounting personnel insufficiently
support our business in fulfilling these public-company compliance obligations, or if we are unable to hire adequate finance and accounting
personnel, we could face significant legal liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. Furthermore, if we identify any issues in complying with those requirements (for example, if our company or the independent
registered public accountants identified a material weakness or significant deficiency in our company s internal control over financial
reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect, our reputation
or investor perceptions of our company. 

ITEM
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
Applicable. 

14 

ITEM
2. Properties 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 6605 Grand Montecito Pkwy., Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89149, Telephone No.: (800) 605-3210.
Our leased premises are shared and are utilized for corporate business offices. Our Nevada premises are subject to a month-to-month lease
agreement. In addition, OWP Colombia leases a home in Bogota under leases expiring in less than a year. On October 1, 2022, OWP Colombia
commenced a five-year lease for combined office and warehouse space. The leased premise is 16,415 square feet and will be used for our
extraction facility. Our anticipated future lease commitments on a calendar year basis in US dollars, excluding common area maintenance
fees, under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows: 

Minimum 
 
 Year Ending 
 Lease 
 
 December 31, 
 Commitments 
 
 2023 
 112,508 
 
 2024 
 107,632 
 
 2025 
 99,186 
 
 2026 
 102,162 
 
 2027 
 78,336 
 
 Total future minimum lease liabilities 
 499,824 

We
believe that our current facilities are adequate for our current needs. We intend to secure new facilities or expand existing facilities
as necessary to support future growth. We believe that suitable additional space will be available on commercially reasonable terms as
needed to accommodate our operations. 

ITEM
3. Legal Proceedings 

In
April 2023, one of our employees filed a claim for unpaid wages against us with the Office of the Labor Commissioner of the State of
Nevada, seeking unpaid wages in the amount of 28,125 plus additional penalties in the amount of 18,751. We believe the claim is without
merit, and on April 27, 2023, we formally advised the Office of the Labor Commissioner that we dispute the claim on multiple grounds.
The claim currently remains pending with the Office of the Labor Commissioner. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

15 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

There
is a limited public market for our common stock. Shares of our common stock trade on the over-the-counter market and are quoted on the
OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol OWPC . As of May 10, 2023, the closing price of our common stock was 0.07. 

The
following table sets forth, for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low bid information for our common stock, as reported on
the OTC Markets. The following quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent
actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 0.14 
 0.08 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.24 
 0.07 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.19 
 0.09 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.13 
 0.07 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.10 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.32 
 0.27 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.30 
 0.10 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.14 
 0.07 

As
of May 10, 2023, there were approximately 77 shareholders of record of our common stock. Such number does not include any shareholders
holding shares in nominee or street name . As of May 10, 2023, there were 70,202,907 shares of common stock outstanding
on record. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying dividends for the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and depends, among other things, upon our earnings,
our capital requirements, our financial condition, and other relevant factors. We intend to reinvest any earnings in the development
and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common shareholders will be payable when, as and if declared by our
board of directors, based upon the board s assessment of our financial condition and performance, earnings, need for funds, capital
requirements, prior claims of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding, and other factors, including income tax consequences,
restrictions and applicable laws. There can be no assurance, therefore, that any dividends on our common stock will ever be paid. 

16 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

This
following table provides information about shares our common stock that may be issued under our options outstanding at December 31, 2022.
Other than individual options outstanding reflected in the table below, we did not have any shares authorized for issuance under equity
plans at December 31, 2022. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 4,742,000 
 0.17 
 5,258,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 
 17,011,650 
 0.24 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 21,753,650 
 0.23 
 5,258,000 

(1)
 Represents options to purchase 5,500,000 shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of 0.13 issued outside of our option
plan to our CEO, Isiah Thomas, III, and warrants to purchase a total of 9,511,650 and 2,000,000 shares of common stock at 0.25 and 0.50
per share, respectively. 

On
February 12, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ), which had been
adopted by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board as of December 10, 2019. The 2019 Plan provides for the issuance
of up to 10,000,000 shares of common stock to the Company and its subsidiaries employees, officers, directors, consultants and
advisors, stock options (non-statutory and incentive), restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted
stock units RSUs and other performance stock awards. Options granted under the 2019 Plan may either be intended to qualify
as incentive stock options under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or may be non-qualified options, and are exercisable over periods
not exceeding ten years from date of grant. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, the Stock Plan will terminate on December
10, 2029. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Series
A Preferred Stock Sales 

On
December 21, 2022, the Company issued 2,500 shares of series A preferred stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, to an accredited
investor for proceeds of 25,000. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company issued 2,500 shares of series A preferred stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, to an accredited
investor for proceeds of 25,000. 

Series
B Preferred Stock Sales 

On
October 12, 2022, the Company issued 10,000 shares of series B preferred stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, to Tysadco Partners,
LLC for proceeds of 150,000. 

In
connection with the above security issuances, we did not pay any underwriting discounts or commissions. None of the sales of securities
described or referred to above was registered under the Securities Act. In making the sales without registration under the Securities
Act, we relied upon one or more of the exemptions from registration contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, and in Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with the sales. 

ITEM
6. Selected Financial Data 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

17 

ITEM
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This
discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of the Company
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The discussion and analysis that follows should be read together with the section
entitled Forward Looking Statements and our financial statements and the notes to the financial statements included elsewhere
in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Except
for historical information, the matters discussed in this section are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties
and are based upon judgments concerning various factors that are beyond the Company s control. Consequently, and because forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results
and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made
by us in this report. 

Overview 

On
February 21, 2019, we entered into the Merger Agreement with OWP Merger Sub, our wholly-owned subsidiary, and OWP Ventures. Under the
Merger Agreement, the acquisition of OWP Ventures by us was effected by the merger of OWP Merger Sub with and into OWP Ventures, with
OWP Ventures being the surviving entity as our wholly-owned subsidiary. The Closing of the Merger occurred on February 21, 2019. As a
result of the Merger (a) holders of the outstanding capital stock of OWP Ventures received an aggregate of 39,475,398 shares of our common
stock; (b) options to purchase 825,000 shares of common stock of OWP Ventures at an exercise price of 0.50 automatically converted into
options to purchase 825,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.50; (c) the outstanding principal and interest under
a 300,000 convertible note issued by OWP Ventures became convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of our common stock at
a conversion price equal to the lesser of 0.424 per share or 80 of the price we sell our common stock in a future Qualified
Offering (d) 875,000 shares of our common stock owned by OWP Ventures prior to the Merger were cancelled; and (e) OWP Ventures 
chief operating officer became our chief operating officer and two of OWP Ventures directors became members of our board of directors. 

Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, One World Pharma S.A.S, a licensed cannabis cultivation, production and distribution (export) company located
in Popay n, Colombia (nearest major city is Cali). We plan to be a producer of raw cannabis and hemp plant ingredients for both
medical and industrial uses across the globe. We have received licenses to cultivate, produce and distribute the raw ingredients of the
cannabis and hemp plant for medicinal, scientific and industrial purposes. Specifically, we are one of the only companies in Colombia
to receive seed, cultivation, extraction and export licenses from the Colombian government. Currently, we own approximately 30 acres
and have a covered greenhouse built specifically to cultivate high-grade cannabis and hemp. In addition, we have entered into agreements
with local farming co-operatives that include small farmers and indigenous tribe members, under which they will cultivate cannabis on
up to approximately 140 acres of land using our seeds and propagation techniques, and sell their harvested products to us on an exclusive
basis. We planted our first crop of cannabis in 2018, which we began harvesting in the first quarter of 2019 for the purpose of further
research and development activities and quality control testing of the cannabis we have produced. We have been generating revenue from
the sale of our seeds since the second quarter of 2020. From August 2021 through March 2022, we made payments of approximately 1,400,000
for the purchase of a state of the art distillation machine that we expect to be placed in service within our vertically integrated extraction
facility during the second quarter of 2023. Once the equipment is placed in service, we will be one of the only companies in Colombia
to both hold licenses and possess the capability to extract high-quality CBD and THC oils. We terminated our lease on September 30, 2022,
and during the fourth quarter of 2022, have begun to install the equipment at a new extraction facility. We entered into a 5-year lease
at this new location on October 1, 2022, where we have combined our office and extraction facilities into the same building. The new
facility is approximately half the cost of the former, and already contained the necessary electrical and epoxy floors, which has significantly
reduce our tenant improvement costs. 

We
recently added premium coffee certified by the Colombian National Coffee Federation infused CBD, teas infused with CBD and a series of
wellness products, including sports CBD energy drinks for optimum performance, CBD facial and body creams for anti-inflammatory and anti-aging
use to our product pipeline. We expect to start exporting our product pipeline in 2023, including CBD flower and distillate oil, while
developing our white label commercial agreements with Europe, USA, and Latin America, while we continue to stream our process and procedures
in a re-organization, following lean best practices in our operations and management to become the preferred just-in-time supplier of
cannabinoids based premium products and raw ingredients with attractive pricing. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
establishment and consistent application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), as well as ensuring
compliance with applicable laws and regulations governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from
which to select in establishing accounting and financial reporting policies, proper application often involves significant judgment regarding
a given set of facts and circumstances and a complex series of decisions. 

18 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). All references to Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles GAAP are in accordance with The FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC and the Hierarchy
of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

These
statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which in the opinion of management are necessary for
fair presentation of the information contained therein. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the following entities, all of which were under common control
and ownership at December 31, 2022: 

State
 of 

Name
 of Entity 
 
 Incorporation 
 
 Relationship 
 
 One
 World Products, Inc. (1) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Parent 
 
 OWP
 Ventures, Inc. (2) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Subsidiary 
 
 One
 World Pharma S.A.S. (3) 
 
 Colombia 
 
 Subsidiary 
 
 Colombian
 Hope, S.A.S. (4) 
 
 Colombia 
 
 Subsidiary 
 
 Agrobase,
 S.A.S. (5) 
 
 Colombia 
 
 Subsidiary 

(1) Holding
company in the form of a corporation. 

 (2) Holding
company in the form of a corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of One World Products, Inc. 

 (3) Wholly-owned
subsidiary of OWP Ventures, Inc. since May 30, 2018, located in Colombia and legally constituted as a simplified stock company registered
in the Chamber of Commerce of Bogot on July 18, 2017. Its headquarters are located in Bogot . 

 (4) Wholly-owned
subsidiary of OWP Ventures, Inc., acquired on November 19, 2019, located in Colombia and legally constituted as a simplified stock company.
This company has yet to incur any substantive income or expenses. 

 (5) Wholly-owned
subsidiary of OWP Ventures, Inc., formed on September 12, 2019, located in Colombia and legally constituted as a simplified stock company.
This company has yet to incur any substantive income or expenses. 

The
consolidated financial statements herein contain the operations of the wholly-owned subsidiaries listed above. The Company s headquarters
are located in Las Vegas, Nevada and substantially all of its production efforts are within Popay n, Colombia. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
functional currency of the Company is Columbian Peso COP ). The Company has maintained its financial statements using the
functional currency, and translated those financial statements to the US Dollar throughout this report. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at rates of exchange prevailing
at the balance sheet dates. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional
currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Exchange gains or losses arising from foreign currency transactions
are included in the determination of net income (loss) for the respective periods. 

Comprehensive
Income 

The
Company has adopted ASC 220, Reporting Comprehensive Income, which establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income,
its components, and accumulated balances in a full-set of general-purpose financial statements. Accumulated other comprehensive income
represents the accumulated balance of foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

19 

Segment
Reporting 

ASC
Topic 280, Segment Reporting, requires use of the management approach model for segment reporting. The management
approach model is based on the way a company s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions
and assessing performance. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional segment disclosure requirements as it
expands its operations. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company adopted ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (ASC 820). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The three levels are
defined as follows: 

- 
 Level
 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 
 
 - 
 Level
 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that
 are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
 
 - 
 Level
 3 inputs to valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair measurement. 

The
carrying value of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payables and accrued expenses are estimated by management to approximate fair value
primarily due to the short-term nature of the instruments. 

Cash
in Excess of FDIC Insured Limits 

The
Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to 250,000, under current regulations. The Company did not have any cash in excess
of FDIC insured limits at December 31, 2022, and has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Inventory 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined on a standard cost basis that approximates the first-in,
first-out (FIFO) method. Appropriate consideration is given to obsolescence, excessive levels, deterioration, and other factors in evaluating
net realizable value. Our cannabis products consist of cannabis flower grown in-house, along with produced extracts. 

Fixed
Assets 

Fixed
assets are stated at the lower of cost or estimated net recoverable amount. The cost of property, plant and equipment is depreciated
using the straight-line method based on the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease term based on the following
life expectancy: 

Buildings 
 15 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 5 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 7 years 
 
 Equipment and machinery 
 7 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Term of lease 

Repairs
and maintenance expenditures are charged to operations as incurred. Major improvements and replacements, which have extended the useful
life of an asset, are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining estimated useful life of the asset. When assets are retired or sold,
the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Effective
January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue
from the commercial sales of products, licensing agreements and contracts to perform pilot studies by applying the following steps: (1)
identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price;
(4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation
is satisfied. For the comparative periods, revenue has not been adjusted and continues to be reported under ASC 605 Revenue Recognition.
Under ASC 605, revenue is recognized when the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) the performance
of service has been rendered to a customer or delivery has occurred; (3) the amount of fee to be paid by a customer is fixed and determinable;
and (4) the collectability of the fee is reasonably assured. 

There
was no impact on the Company s financial statements from ASC 606 for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

20 

Advertising
Costs 

The
Company expenses the cost of advertising and promotions as incurred. Advertising and promotions expense was 80,498 and 137,915 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Basic
and Diluted Loss Per Share 

The
basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted
net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss adjusted on an as if converted basis, by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding plus potential dilutive securities. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, potential dilutive
securities had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per common share. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees and non-employees in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 Stock Compensation
(ASC 718). All transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted
for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably
measurable. The measurement date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the counterparty s
performance is complete or the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
because of sufficiently large disincentives for nonperformance. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered.
The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more
likely than not. 

Uncertain
Tax Positions 

In
accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain
tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities
based on the technical merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial
statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance
on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. 

Various
taxing authorities periodically audit the Company s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company s
tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating
the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records allowances for
probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established, is audited
and fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. 

The
assessment of the Company s tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company s
various filing positions. 

Various
taxing authorities periodically audit the Company s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company s
tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating
the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records allowances for
probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established, is audited
and fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. 

21 

Results
of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table summarizes selected items from the statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 Increase / 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 

Revenues 
 125,662 
 38,264 
 87,398 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 300,757 
 19,744 
 281,013 
 
 Gross profit (loss) 
 (175,095 
 18,520 
 281,013 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 1,587,017 
 2,924,284 
 (707,267 
 
 Professional fees 
 431,737 
 915,217 
 (483,480 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 42,287 
 40,321 
 1,966 
 
 Total operating expenses: 
 2,061,041 
 3,249,822 
 (1,188,781 

Operating loss 
 (2,236,136 
 (3,231,302 
 (995,166 

Total other expense 
 (823,341 
 (553,260 
 270,081 

Net loss 
 (3,059,477 
 (3,784,562 
 (725,085 

Revenues 

Revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 125,662, compared to 38,264 during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 87,398,
or 228 . Revenues increased as we continued to shift our focus toward producing and selling CBD and THC oils. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 300,757, compared to 19,744 during the year ended December 31, 2021, an
increase of 281,013, or 1,423 . Cost of goods sold consists primarily of write offs of obsolete inventory, labor, depreciation and
maintenance on cultivation and production equipment, and supplies consumed in our operations. Our gross margins were approximately
negative 139 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 48 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Our current year gross margins
were less than the prior year due primarily to a significant write down of obsolete inventory, compared to the prior year. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,587,017, compared to 2,294,284 for the year ended December
31, 2021, a decrease of 707,267, or 31 . General and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to decreased stock-based compensation.
The expenses for the current period consisted primarily of compensation expenses, office rent, and travel costs, including 117,388 of
stock-based compensation, which consisted entirely of expense related to stock options that were issued to our officers. The expenses
for the prior period included 638,036 of stock-based compensation, of which 55,234, consisting of 673,582 shares, were issued as compensation
payment in lieu of cash to our former CFO, and 582,802 of expense related to stock options that were issued to our officers. Stock-based
compensation decrease by 520,648, or 82 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Professional
Fees 

Professional
fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 431,737, compared to 915,217 during the year ended 2021, a decrease of 483,480, or
53 . Professional fees included non-cash stock-based compensation of 47,232, consisting entirely of stock options expense, during the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 496,553, consisting of 78,521 on issuances of common stock expense and 418,032 of stock
options expense, during the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 449,321, or 90 . Professional fees decreased primarily due to
decreased stock-based compensation during the current period. 

22 

Depreciation
Expense 

We
had 42,287 of depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 40,321 of depreciation expense for the year ended
December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,966, or 5 . Depreciation expense increased during the current period as additional assets have been
placed in service. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Other
expenses, on a net basis, for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 823,341, compared to other expenses, on a net basis, of 553,260
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of a loss on disposal of fixed
assets of 9,041, and 956,858 of interest expense, including 339,133 on shares of series B preferred stock and common stock issued
as commitment fees to Tysadco Partners on debt financing arrangements, as partially offset by 1,000 of sublease income, a gain on early
extinguishment of leases of 20,148, a gain on forgiveness of PPP loan of 121,372 and 38 of interest income. Other expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of a loss on disposal of fixed assets of 71,487 and 511,131 of interest expense, as partially
offset by 27,000 of sublease income and 2,358 of interest income. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,059,477, or 0.05 per share, compared to 3,784,562, or 0.06 per share, during the
year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 725,085, or 19 . The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 included non-cash expenses
consisting of 42,287 of depreciation, a 9,041 loss on disposal of fixed assets, 503,753 of stock-based compensation, and 956,858
of interest expense, including 412,673 on the amortization of debt discounts and 339,133 on shares of series B preferred stock and
common stock issued as commitment fees to Tysadco Partners on debt financing arrangements. The net loss for the year ended December 31,
2021 included non-cash expenses consisting of 40,321 of depreciation, a 71,487 loss on disposal of fixed assets, 1,134,589 of stock-based
compensation, and 511,131 of interest expense, including 456,656 on the amortization of debt discounts. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had current assets of 123,467, consisting of cash of 11,016, accounts receivable of 12,355, inventory
of 54,153 and other current assets of 45,943. The Company s current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were 2,977,435, consisting
of 798,067 of accounts payable, 948,458 of accrued expenses, 11,808 of deferred revenue, 137,843 of dividends payable, 86,235 of
lease liabilities and 995,024 of debts. 

The
following table summarizes our total current assets, liabilities and working capital at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current Assets 
 123,467 
 496,989 

Current Liabilities 
 2,977,435 
 1,523,593 

Working Capital 
 (2,853,968 
 (1,026,604 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,380,483 
 (3,728,702 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (36,851 
 (388,001 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,317,581 
 4,218,938 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 (8,909 
 (11,477 

Net change in cash 
 (108,662 
 90,758 

The
decrease in funds used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was
primarily due to decreased operations in the current year as capital resources tightened. 

23 

The
decrease in funds used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was
due primarily to decreased purchases of fixed assets in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
decrease in funds provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
was due primarily to 3,227,505 of decreased proceeds received from the sale of our securities, as partially offset by 326,148 of increased
net debt financing proceeds received during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Satisfaction
of our Cash Obligations for the Next 12 Months 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 119,678 of cash on hand and negative working capital of 2,853,968. We do not currently have sufficient
funds to fund our operations at their current levels for the next twelve months. As we implement our cannabis cultivation business and
attempt to expand operational activities, we expect to continue to experience net negative cash flows from operations in amounts not
now determinable, and will be required to obtain additional financing to fund operations. Our ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital and to achieve sustainable revenues and profitable operations. Since inception,
we have raised funds primarily through the sale of equity securities. We will need, and are currently seeking, additional funds to operate
our business. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are
satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations or cause
substantial dilution for our stockholders. If we are unable to obtain additional funds, our ability to carry out and implement our planned
business objectives and strategies will be significantly delayed, limited or may not occur. We cannot guarantee that we will become profitable.
Even if we achieve profitability, given the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may not be able to
sustain or increase profitability and our failure to do so would adversely affect our business, including our ability to raise additional
funds. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements appearing in this 10-K have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no outstanding off-balance sheet guarantees, interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency contracts. We do not engage in
trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 

ITEM
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

24 

ITEM
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

ONE
WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, M K CPAS, PLLC (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

25 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of One World Products, Inc. and subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of One World Products, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, consolidated stockholders equity
(deficit) and consolidated cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company suffered a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency,
which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are
also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Convertible
Preferred Stock 

As
discussed in Note 17, the Company has complex financial instruments due to the issued and outstanding preferred stock, resulting in the
classification of the financial instruments outside of permanent equity due to the terms of the instruments. Given the factors, the related
audit effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining the appropriate classification was extensive and required a high
degree of auditor judgment. 

We
tested the Company s classification of the financial instruments by examining and evaluating the agreements along with management s
evaluation of the key terms and management s disclosure of the transactions. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

May
15, 2023 

F- 1 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Security deposits 

Fixed assets, net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenues 

Dividends payable 

Current portion of lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net of - - and of debt discounts at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Notes payable, current maturities 

Notes payable, related parties, current maturities 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Long-term lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable, long-term portion 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable, related parties, long-term portion 

Total Liabilities 

Series A convertible preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series B convertible preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Convertible preferred stock value 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscriptions payable, consisting of - - and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated (deficit) 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Professional fees 

Depreciation expense 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Sublease income 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Gain on early extinguishment of lease 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 
 - 
 
 Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total other expense 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Gain (loss) on foreign currency translation 

Net other comprehensive loss 

Series A convertible preferred stock declared per share) 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Dividends declared per share of common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ONE
WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Series
 A Convertible 
 Series
 B Convertible 

Additional 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Subscriptions 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 

Series
 B convertible preferred stock sold for cash to our CEO 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
 B convertible preferred stock sold for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock sold for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of series A convertible preferred stock 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Commitment
 shares issued pursuant to promissory note 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Exercise
 of cashless options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants
 issued as a debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Amortization
 of common stock options issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
 A convertible preferred stock dividend declared per share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Loss
 on foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Series
 A convertible preferred stock sold for cash 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
 B convertible preferred stock sold for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
 B convertible preferred stock issued as commitment fee on ELOC 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Amortization
 of common stock options issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
 A convertible preferred stock dividends declared per share) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Loss
 on foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Bad debts expense 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Gain on early extinguishment of lease 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discounts 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of options issued for services 

Decrease (increase) in assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Other assets 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use assets 

Security deposits 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenues 

Lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds received on disposal of fixed assets 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from convertible note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of convertible note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayment of notes payable 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable, related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of preferred and common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash - beginning 

Cash - ending 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing transactions: 

Initial recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Cost of preferred shares exchanged for conversion to common stock 
 - 

Value of commitment shares issued as a debt discount 
 - 

Value of warrants issued as a debt discount 
 - 

Dividends payable 

Par value of cashless exercise of common stock options 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of our common stock; (b) options to purchase shares
of common stock of OWP Ventures at an exercise price of automatically converted into options to purchase shares of our
common stock at an exercise price of ; (c) the outstanding principal and interest under a convertible note issued by OWP
Ventures became convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of our common stock at a conversion price equal to the lesser of
 per share or 80 of the price we sell our common stock in a future Qualified Offering (d) shares of our
common stock owned by OWP Ventures prior to the Merger were cancelled; and (e) OWP Ventures chief operating officer became our
chief operating officer and two of OWP Ventures directors became members of our board of directors. The Company s headquarters
are located in Las Vegas, Nevada, and all of its customers are expected to be outside of the United States. On January 10, 2019, the
Company changed its name from Punto Group, Corp. to One World Pharma, Inc., and on November 23, 2021, the Company changed its name to
One World Products, Inc. through the merger of One World Products, Inc., a recently formed Nevada corporation wholly-owned by the Company,
with and into the Company (the Name Change Merger pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS ). As permitted by the NRS, the articles of merger filed with the Secretary of State of the state of Nevada to effect
the Name Change Merger amended Article I of the Company s Articles of Incorporation to change the Company s name to One
World Products, Inc. The Name Change Merger was effected solely to effect the change of the Company s name, and had no effect
on the Company s officers, directors, operations, assets or liabilities. 

OWP
Ventures is a holding company formed in Delaware on March 27, 2018 to enter and support the cannabis industry, and on May 30, 2018, it
acquired OWP Colombia. OWP Colombia is a licensed cannabis cultivation, production and distribution (export) company located in Popay n,
Colombia (nearest major city is Cali). We plan to be a producer of raw cannabis and hemp plant ingredients for both medical and industrial
uses across the globe. We have received licenses to cultivate, produce and distribute the raw ingredients of the cannabis and hemp plant
for medicinal, scientific and industrial purposes. Specifically, we are one of the few companies in Colombia to receive all four licenses,
including seed use, cultivation of non-psychoactive cannabis, cultivation of psychoactive cannabis, and manufacturing allowing for extraction
and export. Currently, we own approximately 30 acres and have a covered greenhouse built specifically to cultivate high-grade cannabis
and hemp. In addition, we have entered into agreements with local farming co-operatives that include small farmers and indigenous tribe
members, under which they will cultivate cannabis on up to approximately 140 acres of land using our seeds and propagation techniques,
and sell their harvested products to us on an exclusive basis. We began harvesting cannabis in the first quarter of 2019 for the purpose
of further research and development activities, quality control testing and extraction. We have been generating revenue from the sale
of our seeds since the second quarter of 2020. During the first quarter of 2022, we made payments of approximately for a state
of the art distillation machine that we expect to be placed in service during the second quarter of 2023 within our vertically integrated
extraction facility in which we entered into a -year lease on October 1, 2022, where we have combined our office and extraction facilities
into the same building. 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. (1) 

. (2) 

. (3) 

. (4) 

. (5) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

The
consolidated financial statements herein contain the operations of the wholly-owned subsidiaries listed above. The Company s headquarters
are located in Las Vegas, Nevada and substantially all of its production efforts are within Popay n, Colombia. 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, under current regulations. The Company did not have any cash in excess
of FDIC insured limits at December 31, 2022, and has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

years 
 
 Office
 equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 
 years 
 
 Equipment
 and machinery 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 

Repairs
and maintenance expenditures are charged to operations as incurred. Major improvements and replacements, which have extended the useful
life of an asset, are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining estimated useful life of the asset. When assets are retired or sold,
the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. 

of deferred revenues and of deferred cost of goods sold,
as included in other current assets on the balance sheet, that are expected to be recognized upon the customers completion of
their harvests in 2023. 

and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
May 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments 
(Subtopic 470-50), Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity 
(Subtopic 815-40) Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity Classified Written Call
Options . ASU 2021-04 addresses issuer s accounting for certain modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified
written call options. ASU 2021-04 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and interim periods within those fiscal
years, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASU 2021-04 has not had a material impact on the Company s financial statements
or related disclosures. 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04 establishing Topic 848, Reference Rate Reform . ASU 2020-04 contains practical expedients
for reference rate reform related activities that impact debt, leases, derivatives and other contracts. The pronouncement provides temporary
optional expedients and exceptions to the current guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting
burdens related to the expected market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and other interbank offered
rates to alternative reference rates. The guidance was effective upon issuance and may be applied prospectively to contract modifications
made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated on or before December 31, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2020-04 did not have a material
impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements, as we transitioned from the London Interbank Offered Rate, commonly
referred to as LIBOR, to alternative references rates, as well as utilizing the aforementioned expedients and exceptions provided in
ASU 2020-04. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity (ASU 2020-06), which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models available
for convertible debt instruments. This guidance also eliminates the treasury stock method to calculate diluted earnings per share for
convertible instruments and requires the use of the if converted method. The new guidance is effective for all entities for annual periods,
and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASU
2020-06 has not had a material impact on the Company s financial statements or related disclosures. 

There
are no other recently issued accounting pronouncements that the Company has yet to adopt that are expected to have a material effect
on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

of negative working capital as of December 31, 2022, has incurred
recurring losses from operations resulting in an accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022, and its cash on hand may
not be sufficient to sustain operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management is actively pursuing new customers to increase revenues. In addition, the Company is currently seeking additional
sources of capital to fund short term operations. Management believes these factors will contribute toward achieving profitability. The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going
concern. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of any uncertainty as to the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. These financial statements also do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to one of our Directors, Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D.,
and to the Company s CFO, Mr. Timothy Woods, for unreimbursed expenses, as presented within accounts payable on the Balance
Sheet. 

Debt
Repayments, Related Party 

On
October 18, 2021, the Company repaid a total of , consisting of of principal and of interest, to Isiah Thomas,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

On
September 15, 2021, the Company repaid a total of , consisting of of principal and of interest, to Isiah Thomas,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

On
March 29, 2021, the Company repaid a total of of indebtedness owed to the Company s Chairman of the Board, Dr. Kenneth
Perego, II, M.D., consisting of of principal and of interest. 

Series
B Preferred Stock Sales 

On
February 7, 2021, the Company and ISIAH International, LLC ISIAH International ), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement under which ISIAH International agreed to purchase from the Company, on the dates provided for
in the Purchase Agreement, an aggregate of shares of the Company s newly designated Series B Preferred Stock Series
B Preferred Stock ), convertible into an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, for a purchase price
of per share of Preferred Stock, and an aggregate purchase price of million. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has a Stated
Value of and is convertible into common stock at a conversion price equal to . Isiah Thomas, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, is the sole member and Chief Executive Officer of ISIAH International. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, ISIAH International
purchased the shares of Series B Preferred Stock from the Company according to the following schedule: 

February 22, 2021 

March 8, 2021 

March 22, 2021 

April 5, 2021 

April 19, 2021 

May 17, 2021 

June 14, 2021 

July 12, 2021 

Total 

On
various dates in May, 2021, the Company also received total proceeds of from the sale of an aggregate of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock at a price of per share to trusts whose beneficiaries are adult children of Isiah L. Thomas III. Mr. Thomas disclaims
beneficial ownership of the shares held by these trusts. 

Common
Stock Issued for Services 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price equal to per share
to Isiah L. Thomas III, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman. The options were issued outside of the 2019 Plan
and are exercisable over a period. The options vested immediately as to shares, and vest as to the remaining 
shares quarterly in increments over the following eleven quarters. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model,
based on a volatility rate of and a call option value of , was . The options are being expensed over the vesting
period, resulting in and of stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase shares of common stock under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price equal
to per share, exercisable over a period to the Company s Vice Chairman of the Board, Dr. Ken Perego. The options
vest in equal quarterly installments over one year. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility
rate of and a call option value of , was . The options were expensed over the vesting period, resulting in 
of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use asset 
 - 
 - 

Total assets 
 
 - 

Liabilities 

Lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Convertible notes payable, net of 412,673 of debt discounts 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable, related parties 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 
 - 

Total assets and liabilities 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Cash 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total assets 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, net of of debt discounts 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable, related parties 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets and liabilities 

- 

There
were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

of the Company s total revenue, and for the year ended
December 31, 2021, four customers accounted for of revenue, respectively. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, one customer accounted for and of accounts receivable, respectively. 

ONE WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Inventory gross 

Less obsolescence 

Total
 inventory 

Deferred cost of goods sold 

Other
 receivables 
 - 

Total 

and VAT receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which will be returned
upon the successful export of the products purchased in which the taxes were originally paid. 

Refundable deposit on equipment
 purchase 

Down payment on distillation
 equipment 

Security deposits on leases
 held in Colombia 

Security
 deposit on office lease 
 - 

Security
 deposits 

ONE
WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Buildings 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment
 and machinery 

Fixed assets, gross 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation 

Total 

On
August 15, 2022, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, OWP Ventures, Inc., sold its office furniture and equipment with a
net book value of for gross proceeds of , resulting in a loss on the disposal of fixed assets of , which represented
the proceeds received, less the net book value at the time of disposal. 

On
November 30, 2021, the Company disposed of a building that was damaged in a storm at the Popay n farm. proceeds were received
on the disposal, resulting in a loss on disposal of fixed assets of , which represented the net book value at the time of disposal. 

On
July 27, 2021, the Company sold a truck previously used at the Popay n farm. The Company received proceeds of on the sale,
resulting in a loss on disposal of fixed assets of , which represented the net book value at the time of disposal. 

On
July 1, 2021, the Company disposed of equipment used at the Popay n farm that is no longer in service. proceeds were received
on the disposals, resulting in a loss on disposal of fixed assets of , which represented the net book value at the time of disposal. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued withholding taxes
 and employee benefits 

Accrued ICA fees and contributions 

Accrued
 interest 

Accrued expenses 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Related deferred cost of goods sold were and at December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively, resulting in deferred gross margins of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that
is expected to be recognized upon the customers completion of their harvests in future periods. 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

square foot extraction facility under a non-cancelable real property lease agreement that commenced on January
1, 2022 and was to expire on December 31, 2027, at a monthly lease rate of COP, or approximately . The Company terminated
the lease on September 30, 2022, resulting in termination fees of approximately . A gain of was recognized on the early
extinguishment of the lease for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 1, 2022, the Company entered into a five-year non-cancelable property lease, with an automatic five year extension, for a new
extraction facility with combined office space, at a monthly lease term of COP plus VAT and administration fees, or approximately
 , with annual escalation of lease payments equal to the Consumer Price Index, plus . 

The
Company also leases a residential premise under a non-cancelable real property lease agreement that commenced on September 1, 2021 and
expires on August 31, 2024, at a monthly lease term of COP, or approximately , with approximately a annual escalation
of lease payments commencing September 1, 2022. 

The
Company leases another residential premise under a non-cancelable real property lease agreement that commenced on June 1, 2022 and expires
on May 30, 2024, at a monthly lease term of COP, or approximately with an annual escalation of lease payments commencing
June 1, 2023. 

In
addition, the Company leases its corporate offices and operational facility in Colombia under short-term non-cancelable real property
lease agreements that expire within a year. The Company doesn t have any other office or equipment leases that would require capitalization.
The office lease contains provisions requiring payment of property taxes, utilities, insurance, maintenance and other occupancy costs
applicable to the leased premise. In the locations in which it is economically feasible to continue to operate, management expects to
enter into a new lease upon expiration. The extraction facility lease contained provisions requiring payment of property taxes, utilities,
insurance, maintenance and other occupancy costs applicable to the leased premise. As the Company s leases do not provide implicit
discount rates, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining
the present value of lease payments. 

Interest
 on lease liabilities 

Lease
 payments on short term leases 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 operating lease cost 

- 

Current
 portion of operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Noncurrent
 operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 operating lease liability 
 
 - 

Weighted average remaining
 lease term: 

Operating
 leases 
 
 years 
 - 

Weighted
 average discount rate: 

Operating
 lease 
 
 - 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Early
 extinguishment of lease: 

Lease
 liability terminated 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of
 use asset terminated 
 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on early extinguishment of lease 
 
 - 

Leased assets obtained
 in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Total
 operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total future minimum lease liabilities 

- 
 
 On September 27, 2022, the Company completed the sale of a Convertible
Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the Convertible McCabe Note to Dr. John McCabe. The unsecured note
matures on 16, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), bears interest at a rate of per annum, and the principal and interest is convertible
into shares of the Company s convertible Series B common stock at a conversion price of per share. 
 
 - 

On September 24, 2021, the Company completed the sale of a (i) Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the Second AJB Note to AJB Capital Investments LLC AJB Capital ), (ii) a three -year warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of per share, and (iii) a three -year warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of per share, for an aggregate purchase price of , pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and AJB Capital (the Purchase Agreement ). The aggregate estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value of and , respectively, was , and is being amortized as a debt discount over the life of the loan. The Company received net proceeds of after deductions of debt discounts, consisting of pursuant to an original issue discount, of legal fees and of brokerage fees. 
 
 The
Note matures on (the Maturity Date ), bears interest at a rate of per annum, and, following an event
of default only, is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to the lesser of 90 of the
lowest trading price during (i) the trading day period preceding the issuance date of the note, or (ii) the 20 trading day period
preceding date of conversion of the Note. The Note is also subject to covenants, events of defaults, penalties, default interest and
other terms and conditions customary in transactions of this nature. 
 
 Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company paid
a commitment fee to AJB Capital in the amount of (the Commitment Fee in the form of shares of the Company s
common stock (the Commitment Fee Shares ). During the six month period following the six month anniversary of the closing
date, AJB Capital shall be entitled to be issued additional shares of common stock of the Company to the extent AJB Capital s sale
of the Commitment Fee Shares has resulted in net proceeds in an amount less than the Commitment Fee. The Commitment Fee Shares resulted
in a debt discount of that is being amortized over the life of the loan. 
 
 The obligations
 of the Company to AJB Capital under the Note and the Purchase Agreement are secured by a lien on the Company s assets pursuant
 to a Security Agreement between the Company and AJB Capital. The note was repaid on September 27, 2022. 
 - 

Total convertible notes
 payable 

Less:
 unamortized debt discounts 
 - 

Convertible
 note payable, net of discounts 

ONE
WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

commitment shares of common stock 

Fair value of warrants
 to purchase shares of common stock 

Original issue discounts 

Legal
 and brokerage fees 

Total
 debt discounts 

Amortization
 of debt discounts 

Unamortized
 debt discounts 
 - 

The
aggregate debt discounts of incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021, were amortized over the life of the loans using
the straight-line method, which approximated the effective interest method. The Company recorded finance expense in the amount of 
and on the amortization of these discounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
convertible note limits the maximum number of shares that can be owned by the note holder as a result of the conversions to common stock
to of the Company s issued and outstanding shares. 

The
Company recorded interest expense pursuant to the stated interest rates on the convertible notes in the amount of and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company recognized and of interest expense
related to the debt discounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

COP, or approximately
 , on a loan with a face value of COP, or approximately , from an individual pursuant to an unsecured promissory
 note, bearing interest at per month, or 48 per annum, due on demand. The debt discount of was expensed as finance costs
 at the time of origination. The face value of the note has been adjusted by due to foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 
 - 

On June 17, 2022, the Company,
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary, One World Pharma, SAS, received proceeds of COP, or approximately , on a
 loan with a face value of COP, or approximately , from an individual pursuant to an unsecured promissory note,
 bearing interest at per month, or 48 per annum, due on demand. The debt discount of was expensed as finance costs at the
 time of origination. The face value of the note has been adjusted by due to foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 
 - 

On June 13, 2022, the Company,
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary, OWP Ventures, Inc., received an advance of from an individual pursuant to an unsecured
 promissory note, maturing on , that carries an interest rate. 
 
 - 

On May 31, 2022, the Company,
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary, One World Pharma, SAS, received proceeds of COP, or approximately , on a
 loan with a face value of COP, or approximately , from an individual pursuant to promissory note, security by
 equipment, bearing interest at per month, or 25 per annum, maturing on November 28, 2022. The debt discount of was
 expensed as finance costs at the time of origination. The face value of the note has been adjusted by due to foreign currency
 translation adjustments. 
 
 - 

On May 30, 2022, the Company,
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary, One World Pharma, SAS, received a non-interest bearing loan of COP, or approximately
 , from an individual pursuant to an unsecured promissory note, due on demand. The face value of the note has been adjusted
 by due to foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 
 - 

On April 29, 2022, the
 Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, One World Pharma, SAS, received a non-interest bearing loan of COP, or approximately
 , from an individual pursuant to an unsecured promissory note, due on demand. The face value of the note has been adjusted
 by due to foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 
 - 

On March 1, 2022, the Company,
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary, OWP Ventures, Inc., received an advance of from an individual pursuant to an unsecured
 promissory note, maturing on , that carries an interest rate. 
 
 - 

On February 15, 2022, the
 Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, OWP Ventures, Inc., received an advance of from an individual pursuant to
 an unsecured promissory note, maturing on , that carries an interest rate. 
 
 - 

On
 May 4, 2020, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary OWP Ventures, Inc., borrowed from Customers Bank Lender ),
 pursuant to a Promissory Note issued by OWP Ventures to Lender (the PPP Note ). The loan was made pursuant to the Payroll
 Protection Program established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The
 PPP Note carried interest at per annum, payable monthly beginning December 4, 2020, and was due on . The PPP Note
 could have been repaid at any time without penalty. Under the Payroll Protection Program, the Company was eligible
 for loan forgiveness up to the full amount of the PPP Note and any accrued interest. The forgiveness amount was equal to the amount
 that the Company spent during the 24-week period beginning May 4, 2020 on payroll costs, payment of rent on any leases in force prior
 to February 15, 2020 and payment on any utility for which service began before February 15, 2020. The maximum amount of loan forgiveness
 for non-payroll expenses was of the amount of the PPP Note. A total of , consisting of of principal and 
 of interest, was forgiven on . 
 - 

Total notes payable 

Less:
 current maturities 

Notes
 payable, long-term portion 
 
 - 

The
Company recorded interest expense in the amount of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

from Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D., our Vice Chairman of the Board pursuant to an
 unsecured promissory note due on demand that carries a interest rate. 
 
 - 

On August 2, 2022, the
 Company received an advance of from Isiah Thomas, III, our Chairman of the Board and CEO, pursuant to an unsecured promissory
 note due on demand that carries a interest rate. 
 
 - 

On July 7, 2022, the Company
 received an advance of from Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D., our Vice Chairman of the Board pursuant to an unsecured promissory
 note due on demand that carries a interest rate. 
 
 - 

On June 3, 2022, the Company
 received an advance of from Isiah Thomas, III, our Chairman of the Board and CEO, pursuant to an unsecured promissory note
 due on demand that carries a interest rate. 
 
 - 

On May 5, 2022, the Company
 received an advance of from Isiah Thomas, III, our Chairman of the Board and CEO, pursuant to an unsecured promissory note
 due on demand that carries a interest rate. 
 
 - 

On May 5, 2022, the Company
 received an advance of from Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D., our Vice Chairman of the Board pursuant to an unsecured promissory
 note due on demand that carries a interest rate. 
 
 - 

On
 December 29, 2021, the Company received an advance of from Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D., our Vice Chairman of the Board
 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note due that carries an interest rate. 

Total notes payable. related
 party 

Less:
 current maturities 
 
 - 
 
 Notes
 payable, related party, long-term portion 

The
Company recorded interest expense pursuant to the stated interest rates on the notes payable, related party, in the amount of 
and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest on notes payable 

Interest on notes payable,
 related parties 

Amortization of debt discounts
 on convertible notes 

Amortization of debt discounts
 on convertible notes, common stock 

Amortization of debt discounts
 on convertible notes, warrants 

Finance cost on equity
 line of credit, issuances of series B preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Finance cost on equity
 line of credit, issuances of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Finance cost on equity
 line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Interest
 on accounts payable 

Total
 interest expense 

authorized shares of par value blank check preferred stock, of which shares have
been designated Series A Preferred Stock and shares have been designated Series B Preferred Stock. The shares of Series A Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock are each currently convertible into one hundred (100) shares of the Company s common stock.
 per annum, payable in cash as and when declared by the Board or upon
a liquidation. The shares of Series B Preferred Stock are not entitled to dividends, other than the right to participate in dividends
payable to holders of common stock on an as-converted basis. As of December 31, 2022, there were and shares of Series
A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, respectively, issued and outstanding, respectively. The Series A and B Preferred Stock
are presented as mezzanine equity on the balance sheet because they carry a stated value of and per share, respectively, and
a deemed liquidation clause, which entitles the holders thereof to receive proceeds in an amount equal to the stated value per share,
plus any accrued and unpaid dividends, before any payment may be made to holders of common stock. Each share of Preferred Stock carries
a number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which such Preferred Stock may then be converted. The Preferred
Stock generally will vote together with the common stock and not as a separate class. 

The
Series A and B Preferred Stock have been classified outside of permanent equity and liabilities. the Series A Preferred Stock embodies
conditional obligations that the Company may settle by issuing a variable number of equity shares, and in both the Series A and B Preferred
Stock, monetary value of the obligation is based on a fixed monetary amount known at inception. 

Series
A Preferred Stock Sales 

On
various dates between December 20, 2022 and December 21, 2022, the Company received total proceeds of from the sale of 
units, consisting in the aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and five -year warrants to purchase shares of common
stock at an exercise price of per share to twenty-two accredited investors. The proceeds received were allocated between the Series
A Preferred Stock and warrants on a relative fair value basis. 

Series
A Preferred Stock Conversions 

On
November 15, 2021, a shareholder converted 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 
shares of common stock. The note was converted in accordance with the conversion terms; therefore,
no gain or loss has been recognized. 

On
April 6, 2021, a shareholder converted 
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 
 shares of common stock. The note was converted in accordance with the conversion terms; therefore, no gain or loss has been recognized. 

On
March 24, 2021, a shareholder converted shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. The shares of
common stock were subsequently issued on April 7, 2021. The note was converted in accordance with the conversion terms; therefore, no gain or loss has been recognized. 

On
January 26, 2021, a shareholder converted 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 
shares of common stock. The note was converted in accordance with the conversion terms; therefore, no gain or loss has been recognized. 

On
January 12, 2021, a shareholder converted 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 
shares of common stock. The note was converted in accordance with the conversion terms; therefore, no gain or loss has been recognized. 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Preferred
Stock Dividends 

The
Series A Preferred Stock accrues dividends at the rate of per annum, payable in cash as and when declared by the Board or upon a liquidation.
The Company recognized and for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A total of of dividends
had accrued as of December 31, 2022. 

Series
B Preferred Stock Sales 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company and Tysadco Partners, LLC Tysadco ), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement under which Tysadco agreed to purchase from the Company, shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock
for a purchase price of per share of Series B Preferred Stock, and an aggregate purchase price of . On September 12, 2022,
Tysadco purchased the first shares of Series B Preferred Stock under the Purchase Agreement for , and on October 12, 2022,
Tysadco purchased the second shares of Series B Preferred Stock under the Purchase Agreement for . The Company paid 
out of the proceeds of each investment to Garden State Securities, Inc. as financing costs. In addition, the Company paid a commitment
fee to Tysadco, consisting of shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The issuance of the commitment fee shares resulted in 
of finance expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
February 7, 2021, the Company and ISIAH International entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement under which ISIAH International agreed
to purchase from the Company, on the dates provided for in the Purchase Agreement, an aggregate of shares of the Company s
newly designated Series B Preferred Stock, convertible into an aggregate of shares of common stock, for a purchase price of
 per share of Preferred Stock, and an aggregate purchase price of million. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has a Stated
Value of and is convertible into common stock at a conversion price equal to . Isiah Thomas, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, is the sole member and Chief Executive Officer of ISIAH International. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, ISIAH International
purchased the shares of Series B Preferred Stock from the Company according to the following schedule: 

February 22, 2021 

March 8, 2021 

March 22, 2021 

April 5, 2021 

April 19, 2021 

May 17, 2021 

June 14, 2021 

July 12, 2021 

Total 

In
addition to the shares sold to ISIAH International, the Company received total proceeds of on various dates between March 9,
2021 and April 22, 2021 from the sale of an additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a price of per share to seven
accredited investors, including proceeds of from the sale of an aggregate of shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a price
of per share to trusts whose beneficiaries are adult children of Isiah L. Thomas III. Mr. Thomas disclaims beneficial ownership of
the shares held by these trusts. 

of the Company s common stock. 

ONE
WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
connection with the ELOC Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with Tysadco under which the Company
agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering the shares of common stock issuable under
the ELOC Purchase Agreement and conversion of the Commitment Fee Shares (the Registration Rights Agreement ). There have
not been any advances on this arrangement to date. 

Commitment
for the Sale of Series B Preferred Stock 

On
October 3, 2022, the Company and ISIAH International, LLC ISIAH International ), an entity in which the Company s
CEO, Isiah L. Thomas, III, is the sole member, entered into a securities purchase agreement under which ISIAH International has agreed
to purchase from the Company an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock (the Series B Shares ),
initially convertible into an aggregate of three million three hundred thirty three thousand three hundred shares of the
Company s common stock, for a total purchase price of . To date, no purchases under this agreement have occurred. 

authorized shares of par value blank check preferred stock, of which shares have
been designated Series A Preferred Stock and shares have been designated Series B Preferred Stock, See Note 17 above for a description
of the features and issuances of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue an aggregate of shares of common stock with a par value of . As of December 31, 2022,
there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock Issued on Subscriptions Payable 

On
March 29, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock on a Subscriptions Payable for the December 1, 2021 award of common
stock to COR IR for services. 

Common
Stock Issued as a Promissory Note Commitment 

As
disclosed in Note 14 above, the Company paid a commitment fee to AJB Capital of in the form of shares of the Company s
common stock Commitment Fee Shares in connection with the issuance of the Second AJB Note, which was repaid on September
27, 2022. The issuance of these commitment fee shares resulted in a debt discount of that was amortized over the life of the
loan, resulting in and of finance expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the
six month period following the six-month anniversary of the closing date, AJB Capital was entitled to be issued additional shares of
common stock of the Company to the extent AJB Capital s sale of the Commitment Fee Shares has resulted in net proceeds in an amount
less than the Commitment Fee. As a result, the Company issued an additional shares of common stock to AJB Capital on September
15, 2022. The fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the date of grant. 

Also,
as disclosed in Note 14 above, the Company paid a commitment fee to AJB Capital of in the form of shares of the Company s
common stock in connection with the issuance of the First AJB Note, which was repaid on September 17, 2021. The issuance of the commitment
fee shares resulted in a debt discount of that was amortized over the life of the loan, resulting in of finance expense
during the year ended December 31, 2021. On October 15, 2021, pursuant to the early repayment terms of the promissory note, one million
of these shares were redeemed and cancelled for a nominal aggregate purchase price of . 

Common
Stock Options Exercised 

On
July 26, 2021, a total of shares of common stock were issued upon exercise on a cashless basis of options to purchase 
shares of common stock at a price per share. 

Common
Stock Issued for Services, Employees and Consultants 

On
May 25, 2021, the Company awarded a total of shares of common stock pursuant for consulting services to two individuals. The
aggregate fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant . 

On
May 12, 2021, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with COR. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company issued COR
 shares of common stock. The fair value of the shares was , based on the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant . 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
June 1, 2021, the Company entered into a new agreement with COR and issued another shares of common stock to COR. The
fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant . On
December 1, 2021, the Company owed COR another shares of common stock, which were subsequently issued on March 29, 2022. The
fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant . 

Common
Stock Issued for Services, Officers and Directors 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in lieu of cash compensation to its former Chief Financial Officer,
Vah Gabriel. The aggregate fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price
of the Company s common stock on the date of grant . 

shares of common stock to the Company and its subsidiaries employees, officers, directors, consultants and
advisors, stock options (non-statutory and incentive), restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted
stock units RSUs and other performance stock awards. Options granted under the 2019 Plan may either be intended to qualify
as incentive stock options under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or may be non-qualified options, and are exercisable over periods
not exceeding ten years from date of grant. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, the Stock Plan will terminate on December
10, 2029. 

Common
Stock Options Issued for Services 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase shares of common stock under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price equal
to per share, exercisable over a period to the Company s CFO and COO, Vah Gabriel. The options vested
immediately as to shares, and vest as to the remaining shares quarterly in increments over the following two
quarters. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value of ,
was . The options were expensed over the vesting period, resulting in of stock-based compensation expense during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

On
May 25, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase an aggregate shares of common stock under the 2019 Plan at an exercise
price equal to per share, exercisable over a period to three advisory board members. The options vest in equal quarterly
installments over two years. The aggregate estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 
and a call option value of , was . The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting in and 
of stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, a total
of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price equal to per share
to Isiah L. Thomas III, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman. The options were issued outside of the 2019 Plan
and are exercisable over a period. The options vested immediately as to shares, and vest as to the remaining 
shares quarterly in increments over the following eleven quarters. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model,
based on a volatility rate of and a call option value of , was . The options are being expensed over the vesting
period, resulting in and of stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase shares of common stock under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price equal
to per share, exercisable over a period to the Company s Chairman of the Board, Dr. Ken Perego. The options vest
in equal quarterly installments over one year. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate
of and a call option value of , was . The options were expensed over the vesting period, resulting in of stock-based
compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase shares of common stock under the 2019 Plan at an exercise price equal
to per share, exercisable over a period to Bruce Raben, one of the Company s Directors. The options vest in equal
quarterly installments over one year. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and
a call option value of , was . The options were expensed over the vesting period, resulting in of stock-based compensation
expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company awarded options to purchase an aggregate shares of common stock under the 2019 Plan at an exercise
price equal to per share, exercisable over a period to seven consultants and employees. The options vest in equal quarterly
installments over one year. The aggregate estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and
a call option value of , was . The options were expensed over the vesting period, resulting in of stock-based
compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Common
Stock Options Exercised 

On
July 26, 2021, a total of shares of common stock were issued upon exercise on a cashless basis of options to purchase 
shares of common stock at a price per share. 

Common
Stock Options Expired 

On
January 28, 2022, options to purchase a total of shares of common stock at a price per share expired. 

- 

years 

Options
 granted 

Options
 exercised 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Options
 granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options
 expired 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Exercisable,
 December 31, 2022 

shares of common stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

On
December 21, 2022, the Company received proceeds of from the sale of units, consisting of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock and five -year warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share from an accredited investor.
The proceeds received were allocated between the Series A Preferred Stock and warrants on a relative fair value basis. The aggregate
estimated value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a weighted average volatility rate of and a weighted
average call option value of , was . 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company received proceeds of from the sale of units, consisting of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock and five -year warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share from another accredited
investor. The proceeds received were allocated between the Series A Preferred Stock and warrants on a relative fair value basis. The
aggregate estimated value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a weighted average volatility rate of 
and a weighted average call option value of , was . 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 

years 
 - 
 
 - 

Average expected life (in
 years) 

Volatility 

The
weighted average fair value of warrants granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock was approximately
 and per warrant for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Warrants
 granted 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Warrants
 granted 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Exercisable,
 December 31, 2022 

of federal net operating losses. . 

ONE
WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
provision (benefit) for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were assuming a 21 effective tax rate. The effective
income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

State income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change
 in valuation allowance 

Net
 effective income tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Net deferred tax assets before
 valuation allowance 

Less:
 Valuation allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Based
on the available objective evidence, including the Company s history of its loss, management believes it is more likely than not
that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company provided for a full valuation allowance against
its net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
accordance with FASB ASC 740, the Company has evaluated its tax positions and determined there are no uncertain tax positions. 

from the sale of 
 units, consisting in the aggregate of 
 shares of series A preferred stock and five -year
warrants to purchase an aggregate 
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
 per share to four accredited investors. The proceeds received were allocated between the Series A Preferred Stock and warrants
on a relative fair value basis. 

Common
Stock Sales 

On
February 14, 2023, the Company sold shares of common stock at a price of per share for total cash proceeds of . 

Common
Stock Issued for Services, Consultants 

On
January 1, 2023, the Company issued shares of series A preferred stock in consideration of consulting services. The
fair value of the shares was , based on recent sales prices of the Company s series A preferred stock on the date of grant . 

F- 27 

ITEM
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

ITEM
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 (the Evaluation Date ). The term disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer, concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at
the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has conducted, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer, an assessment, including
testing of the effectiveness, of our internal control over financial reporting as of Evaluation Date. Management s assessment of
internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.
In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, Management identified the following three
material weaknesses that have caused management to conclude that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures, and
our internal control over financial reporting, were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

1. We
do not have a formal policy or written procedures for the approval, identification and reporting of related-party transactions. Our controls
are not adequate to ensure that all material transactions and developments with related parties will be properly identified, approved
and reported. In our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures, management evaluated the impact of our failure to have policies
and procedures for the identification, approval and reporting of related-party transactions and has concluded that the control deficiency
that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2. We
do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over
financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures,
management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures and has concluded
that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

26 

3. We
do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature,
segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible,
the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals.
In our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures, management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties
and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

To
address these material weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements
included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Remediation
of Material Weaknesses 

To
remediate the material weakness in our documentation, evaluation and testing of internal controls we plan to engage a third-party firm
to assist us in remedying this material weakness once resources become available. 

We
also intend to remedy our material weakness with regard to insufficient segregation of duties by hiring additional employees in order
to segregate duties in a manner that establishes effective internal controls once resources become available. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) or in other factors that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. Other Information 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Set
forth below are the present directors and executive officers of the Company. There are no arrangements or understandings between any
of the directors, officers and other persons pursuant to which such person was selected as a director or an officer. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Isiah
 Thomas, III 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board 
 
 Dr.
 Kenneth Perego, II 
 
 53 
 
 Vice
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Terry
 Buffalo 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Timothy
 Woods 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Biographies 

Set
forth below are brief accounts of the business experience of each director and executive officer of the Company. 

Isiah
Thomas, III has been our Chief Executive Officer since June 2020, and our Chairman of the Board since December 2021. Mr. Thomas has
also been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Isiah International, LLC, a holding company with interests in a diversified portfolio
of businesses, since 2011. Mr. Thomas also has been a Commentator and Analyst for NBA TV, since 2014, and Turner Sports, since 2012.
He previously served as the President Alternate Governor of the New York Liberty of the Women s National Basketball Association
from 2015 to February 2019, the Head Basketball Coach at Florida International University, from 2009 to 2012, the General Manager, President
of Basketball Operation and Head Coach of the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association NBA ), from 2006 to
2008, the Head Coach of the Indiana Pacers of the NBA from 2000 to 2003, the Owner of the Continental Basketball Association from 1998
to 2000, Minority Owner Executive Vice President of the Toronto Raptors of the NBA from 1994 to 1998 and point guard for the Detroit
Pistons of the NBA from 1981 to 1994. Mr. Thomas has served as a director of Get in Chicago, an organization focused on stopping gun
and related violence in Chicago, since 2013, and as a director of Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. since April 2020. He is also
the Founder of Mary s Court Foundation, a charitable organization established in 2010. We believe that Mr. Thomas s business
experience qualifies him to serve as our chairman and CEO. 

27 

Dr.
Kenneth Perego, II was a director of OWP Ventures prior to the Merger and was appointed to our Board of Directors pursuant to the
Merger Agreement, before being appointed Vice Chairman of the Board on December 7, 2021. He has been a practicing urologic surgeon in
private practice since 2001 with an emphasis in urologic oncology and reconstructive urology. He has a strong clinical background in
research and is focused on new drug discovery. We believe that Dr. Perego s medical experience qualifies him to serve as our director. 

Terry
Buffalo was appointed to serve as a director of One World Products on September 1, 2022. Mr. Buffalo established Buffalo Cannabis
Advisors in 2022 and currently serves as its President, was the Chief Executive Officer and a director
of American Cannabis Company from 2015 to 2021, and was the Chief Executive of First Midwest Securities, Inc. from 2002 to 2013 .
Prior to that, Mr. Buffalo was the President of American Investment Services from 1997 to 2002. In addition, Mr. Buffalo currently serves
on the advisory board of Element Apothec since 2020. We believe that Mr. Buffalo s investment banking and cannabis management experience
qualifies him to serve as our director. 

Timothy
Woods was appointed to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer on February 14, 2022. From 2015 until his appointment
as our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Woods served as the Director of Business Development and General Sales Manager of Lithia Motors,
Inc., one of the largest automotive retailers in the United States. Prior to his tenure with Lithia Motors, Mr. Woods was the Chief Financial
Officer of Spend Consciously, a technology-based start-up. Mr. Woods also served as the Chief Financial Officer and energy services division
Vice President of Finance for WGL Holdings Inc., providing high-level financial functions and advanced reporting, including the generation
of quarterly and annual SEC filings, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, and benefit plans. Earlier in his career, Mr. Woods was VP of Finance
for Freddie Mac; a divisional CFO North American controller for Stanley Works; and assistant global controller for General Electric s
Lighting Division. Mr. Woods holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Cleveland State University and is a graduate
of the GE Financial Management program. He has achieved multiple honors, including being named Business Leader of the Year 
by the National Association of Black Accountants. 

Family
Relationships 

None. 

Board
Committees and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We
do not currently have a standing audit, nominating or compensation committee of the board of directors, or any committee performing similar
functions. Our board of directors performs the functions of audit, nominating and compensation committees. No member of our board of
directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under
the Securities Act. 

Director
Nominations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not affect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our
board of directors. We have not established formal procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company s
board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of our code of ethics may be obtained free of charge by contacting us
at the address or telephone number listed on the cover page hereof. 

28 

ITEM
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth the aggregate compensation we paid or accrued during the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 to Isiah Thomas, III, our Chief Executive Officer (our Named Executive Officer ), who was our only executive
officer that received total compensation in excess of 100,000 during 2022. 

Name and 
 Fiscal 
 
 Option 

Financial Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Awards 
 Total 

Isiah Thomas, III, 
 2022 
 120,000 (1) 
 - 
 120,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 2021 
 120,000 (1) 
 645,624 (2) 
 765,624 

Timothy Woods, 
 2022 
 78,750 (3) 
 - 
 78,750 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1)
 Consists of 120,000 and 120,000 of accrued salary for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, not yet paid. 

 (2)
 On January 1, 2021, we granted Mr. Thomas the option to purchase 5,500,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.13
per share. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 192 and a call option value of 0.1174,
was 645,624. 

 (3)
 Consists of 78,750 of accrued salary from Mr. Woods appointment date in April 2022 through December 31, 2022, not yet paid.
Mr. Woods employment agreement provides for an annual base salary of 90,000. 

Director
Compensation 

The
Company s non-employee directors were not compensated during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Directors
are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings
of our board of directors. 

ITEM
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2022, certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of the Company s
common stock by (i) each person known to the Company to be the record or beneficial owner of 5 or more of the Company s common
stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors of
the Company as a group. The address of each of our directors and executive officers named in the table is c/o One World Products, Inc.,
6605 Grand Montecito Pkwy., Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89149: 

Series A 
 Series B 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares 
 of Class (2) 
 Number of Shares 
 of Class 
 Number of Shares 
 of Class 
 
 Officers and Directors: 

Isiah Thomas, III, Chairman and CEO (3) 
 25,250,000 
 26.6 
 - 
 - 
 200,000 
 73.5 
 
 Dr. Kenneth Perego II, Vice Chairman (4) 
 11,100,000 
 15.4 
 11,000 
 12.3 
 - 
 - 
 
 Directors and Officers as a Group (2 persons) 
 36,350,000 
 37.5 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 5 Shareholders 

ISIAH International, LLC (3) 
 20,000,000 
 18.8 
 - 
 - 
 200,000 
 73.5 
 
 Dr. John S. McCabe (5) 
 13,948,381 
 19.8 
 - 
 - 
 23,000 
 6.4 
 
 Craig Ellins (6) 
 3,968,397 
 5.7 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

less than 1 

(1) Except
 as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property
 laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to
 all shares of common stock owned by such person. 

(2) Percentage
 of beneficial ownership is based upon 70,202,907 shares of common stock, 89,733 shares of
 Series A Preferred Stock and 272,168 shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding as of
 March 31, 2022. For each named person, this percentage includes common stock that the person
 has the right to acquire either currently or within 60 days of March 31, 2022, including
 through the exercise of an option; however, such common stock is not deemed outstanding for
 the purpose of computing the percentage owned by any other person. 

29 

(3) 
 Includes
 4,750,000 shares of common stock that may be acquired under an option to purchase 5,500,000
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.13 per share that vested (i) 2,750,000
 Option Shares on January 1, 2021, and (ii) as to the remaining 2,750,000 Options Shares,
 in 11 quarterly installments of 250,000 Option Shares beginning on April 1, 2021, exercisable
 until January 1, 2031. Also includes 20,000,000 shares of common stock that may be acquired
 upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock currently held by Isiah International, LLC. Mr.
 Thomas is the sole member and Chief Executive Officer of ISIAH International. 

(4) Includes
 7,000,000 shares of common stock held by CB Medical, LLC, of which Dr. Kenneth Perego, II
 is the controlling member. Includes 350,000 shares of common stock that may be acquired under
 an option to purchase 350,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.13 per share,
 exercisable until January 1, 2031. Also, includes 150,000 shares of common stock that may
 be acquired under a warrant to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price
 of 0.25 over a five year period beginning on April 23, 2020. In addition, includes 2,000
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, convertible into 1,100,000 shares of common stock with
 each share of preferred carrying 100 voting rights. 

(5) Includes
 550,000 shares of common stock that may be acquired under a warrant to purchase 550,000 shares
 of common stock at an exercise price of 0.25 over a five year period beginning on July 10,
 2020. In addition, includes 11,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, convertible into 300,000
 shares of common stock with each share of preferred carrying 100 voting rights. Also includes
 2,000,000 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of Series B Preferred
 Stock with each share of preferred carrying 100 voting rights. 

(6) Based
 solely on a Schedule 13D filed by Craig Ellins with the SEC on September 30, 2021. 

ITEM
13 . Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

Other
than the transactions described below, there has not been, nor is there currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions
to which we were or will be a party: 

in
 which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
 two completed fiscal years; and 

in
 which any director, executive officer, stockholders who beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock or any member of their
 immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Advances
by and repayments to Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D., our Vice Chairman of the Board 

On
August 5, 2022, the Company received an advance of 50,000 from Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D., pursuant to an unsecured promissory note
due on demand that carries a 6 interest rate. 

On
July 7, 2022, the Company received an advance of 5,000 from Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D., pursuant to an unsecured promissory note due
on demand that carries a 6 interest rate. 

On
May 5, 2022, the Company received an advance of 20,000 from Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D., pursuant to an unsecured promissory note due
on demand that carries a 6 interest rate. 

On
December 29, 2021, the Company received an advance of 200,000 from Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, M.D., pursuant to an unsecured promissory
note due January 1, 2024 that carries an 8 interest rate. 

On
March 29, 2021, a total of 27,201, consisting of 26,000 of principal and 1,201 of interest, was repaid to Dr. Kenneth Perego, II,
M.D., in settlement of a demand note that had originated on September 14, 2020. 

Advances
by and Repayments to Isiah Thomas, III, our Chairman of the Board and CEO 

On
August 2, 2022, the Company received an advance of 4,500 from Isiah Thomas, III, pursuant to an unsecured promissory note due on demand
that carries a 6 interest rate. 

30 

On
June 3, 2022, the Company received an advance of 10,000 from Isiah Thomas, III, pursuant to an unsecured promissory note due on demand
that carries a 6 interest rate. 

On
May 5, 2022, the Company received an advance of 10,000 from Isiah Thomas, III, pursuant to an unsecured promissory note due on demand
that carries a 6 interest rate. 

On
October 19, 2021, a total of 52,918, consisting of 50,000 of principal and 2,918 of interest, was repaid to Mr. Isiah Thomas, III
in settlement of a demand note that had originated on October 28, 2020. 

On
September 15, 2021, a total of 130,610, consisting of 125,000 of principal and 5,610 of interest, was repaid to Mr. Isiah Thomas,
III in settlement of a demand note that had originated on December 16, 2020. 

Series
B Preferred Stock Sales to Isiah Thomas, III 

On
February 7, 2021, the Company and ISIAH International, LLC ISIAH International ), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement under which ISIAH International agreed to purchase from the Company, on the dates provided for
in the Purchase Agreement, an aggregate of 200,000 shares of the Company s newly designated Series B Preferred Stock Series
B Preferred Stock ), convertible into an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, for a purchase price
of 15 per share of Preferred Stock, and an aggregate purchase price of 3 million. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has a Stated
Value of 15 and is convertible into common stock at a conversion price equal to 0.15. Isiah Thomas, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, is the sole member and Chief Executive Officer of ISIAH International. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, ISIAH International
purchased the 200,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock from the Company according to the following schedule: 

Date 
 Shares 
 Purchase Price 
 
 Initial Closing Date 
 16,666 
 249,990 
 
 February 22, 2021 
 16,667 
 250,005 
 
 March 8, 2021 
 16,667 
 250,005 
 
 March 22, 2021 
 16,667 
 250,005 
 
 April 5, 2021 
 16,666 
 249,990 
 
 April 19, 2021 
 16,667 
 250,005 
 
 May 17, 2021 
 33,334 
 500,010 
 
 June 14, 2021 
 33,333 
 499,995 
 
 July 12, 2021 
 33,333 
 499,995 
 
 Total 
 200,000 
 3,000,000 

On
various dates in May, 2021, the Company also received total proceeds of 50,010 from the sale of an aggregate of 3,334 shares of Series
B Preferred Stock at a price of 15 per share to trusts whose beneficiaries are adult children of Isiah L. Thomas III. Mr. Thomas disclaims
beneficial ownership of the shares held by these trusts. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors currently consists of Isiah Thomas, III, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, our Vice
Chairman, and Terry Buffalo. As an executive officer, Mr. Thomas does not qualify as independent under standards of independence
set forth by national securities exchanges. Our Board of Directors has determined that Dr. Kenneth Perego, II and Terry Buffalo are independent 
in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market s requirements. As our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB, we are not currently
subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies. 

31 

ITEM
14. Principal AccountING Fees And Services 

M K
CPAS, PLLC was the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Audit
and Non-Audit Fees 

The
following table sets forth fees billed by our auditors during the last two fiscal years for services rendered for the audit of our annual
financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements, services by our auditors that are reasonably related to the
performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and that are not reported as audit fees, services rendered in connection
with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning, and all other fees for services rendered. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 56,775 
 48,325 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 56,775 
 48,325 

(1)
 Audit fees were principally for audit services and work performed in the review of the Company s quarterly reports on Form
10-Q 

32 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 21, 2019, among the Registrant, OWP Merger Subsidiary Inc. and OWP Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on February 25, 2019) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 11, 2021, between One World Pharma, Inc. and One World Products, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on November 30, 2021) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Articles of Merger Pursuant to NRS 92A.200 as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on November 30, 2021) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 24, 2014) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 8, 2019) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2020) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of the Registrant dated June 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 26, 2020) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 24, 2014) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock of the Registrant dated February 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 15, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Promissory Note of One World Pharma, Inc. in the Principal Amount of 290,000 issued to AJB Capital Investments LLC, dated January 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on January 25, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Promissory Note of One World Pharma, Inc. in the principal amount of 750,000 issued to AJB Capital Investments LLC, dated September 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on September 27, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase 1,500,000 shares of common stock of One World Pharma, Inc. issued to AJB Capital Investments LLC, dated September 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on September 27, 2021) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock of One World Pharma, Inc. issued to AJB Capital Investments LLC, dated September 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on September 27, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note between OWP Ventures, Inc. and Dr. Kenneth Perego, II, dated December 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Products, Inc. on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Commercial Lease dated December 2, 2018, between Larry R. Haupert dba Rexco and One World Pharma S.A.S. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on February 25, 2019) 
 
 10.3 
 
 One World Pharma, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2020) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice for grants under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2020) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Option Agreement for grants under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2020) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 28, 2021, between One World Pharma, Inc. and Vah Gabriel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on June 3, 2021) 

33 

10.7 
 
 Letter Agreement between One World Pharma, Inc. and Isiah L. Thomas, III, dated June 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on June 9, 2020) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2021, between One World Pharma, Inc. and AJB Capital Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on January 25, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2021, between One World Pharma, Inc. and AJB Capital Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on January 25, 2021) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2021, between One World Pharma, Inc. and ISIA International LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on February 8, 2021) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 24, 2021, between One World Pharma, Inc. and AJB Capital Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on September 27, 2021) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Security Agreement, dated September 24, 2021, between One World Pharma, Inc. and AJB Capital Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Pharma, Inc. on September 27, 2021) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Commercial Lease Agreement dated November 26, 2021, between R B Inversiones S.A.S. and One World Pharma S.A.S. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Products, Inc. on May 16, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Residential Lease Agreement dated February 14, 2020, between Grupo Empresarial OIKOS S.A.S. and One World Pharma S.A.S. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Products, Inc. on May 16, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated September 1, 2022, between One World Products, Inc. and Tysadco Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Products, Inc. on September 7, 2022) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 1, 2022, between One World Products, Inc. and Tysadco Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Products, Inc. on September 7, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 1, 2022, between One World Products, Inc. and Tysadco Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Products, Inc. on September 7, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 16, 2022, between One World Products, Inc. and Dr. John McCabe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Products, Inc. on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Convertible Note, dated September 16, 2022, between One World Products, Inc. and Dr. John McCabe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by One World Products, Inc. on November 14, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 One World Pharma, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2020) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 InlineXBRL
 Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ONE
 WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/
 Isiah L. Thomas III 

Isiah
 L. Thomas, III 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Timothy Woods 

Timothy
 Woods 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

Dated: 
 May
 15, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant, and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Isiah L. Thomas, III 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 May
 15, 2023 
 
 Isiah
 L. Thomas, III 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Timothy Woods 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 May
 15, 2023 
 
 Timothy
 Woods 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Dr. Kenneth Perego, II 

Vice
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 May
 15, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Kenneth Perego, II 

s/
 Terry Buffalo 

Director 
 
 May
 15, 2023 
 
 Terry
 Buffalo 

35 

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

Subsidiaries 

State/Country
 of 
 
 Subsidiary 
 
 Incorporation 
 
 OWP
 Ventures, Inc. (1) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 One
 World Pharma, S.A.S. (2) 
 
 Bogot 
 Colombia 
 
 Colombian
 Hope, S.A.S. (2) 
 
 Bogot 
 Colombia 
 
 Agrobase,
 S.A.S. (2) 
 
 Bogot 
 Colombia 

(1) Wholly-owned
subsidiary of One World Pharma, Inc. subsequent to merger on February 21, 2019 

 (2) Wholly-owned
subsidiary of OWP Ventures, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT

31.1 

ONE
WORLD Products, INC . 
 
CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Isiah L. Thomas, III, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of One World Products, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Isiah L. Thomas, III 

Isiah L. Thomas, III 

Chief Executive
 Officer 

Dated:
May 15, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

ONE
WORLD Products, INC . 
 
CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Timothy Woods, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of One World Products, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Timothy Woods 

Timothy
Woods 

Chief
Financial Officer 

Dated:
May 15, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

ONE
WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of One World Products, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Isiah L. Thomas, III, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Isiah L. Thomas, III 

Isiah
 L. Thomas, III 
 
 Date:
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

ONE
WORLD PRODUCTS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of One World Products, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy Woods, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Timothy Woods 

Timothy
 Woods 
 
 Date:
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 owpc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 owpc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 owpc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 owpc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

