<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1777393_0001777393-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15351165</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>504667</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4086203</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4507472</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3293871</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2729377</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001777393-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403061049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001777393-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ChargePoint Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001777393
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS TRANSPORTATION EQUIPMENT [3790]
		IRS NUMBER:				841747686
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39004
		FILM NUMBER:		23790318

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		240 EAST HACIENDA AVENUE
		CITY:			CAMPBELL
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 514-9535

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		240 EAST HACIENDA AVENUE
		CITY:			CAMPBELL
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Switchback Energy Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190521

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001777393-23-000008.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 chpt-20230131.htm
 10-K

chpt-20230131 
 
 Table of Content 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission file number 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Shares (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on July 29, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the closing price of 15.11 for shares of the Registrant s common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately billion. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer, director, and their affiliated holders have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of March 28, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Content 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 5 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 PART II 
 43 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 44 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 44 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 57 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 58 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements w ith Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 99 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 99 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 101 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 101 
 PART III 
 102 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 102 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 102 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 102 
 PART IV 
 103 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 105 
 Signatures 
 106 
 
 2 

Table of Content 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This annual report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements could include, among other things statements regarding the future financial performance of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. ChargePoint or the Company, or we, us, our and similar terms), as well as ChargePoint s strategy, future operations, future operating results, financial position, expectations regarding revenue, losses, and costs, margins and prospects, as well as management plans and objectives. All statements, other than statements of present or historical fact included in this Annual Report, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, continue, project or negatives of such terms and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of present or historical matters. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified herein, and on the current expectations of ChargePoint s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of, fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and may differ from assumptions, and such differences may be material. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of ChargePoint. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about ChargePoint that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. If any of these risks materialize or ChargePoint s assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that ChargePoint does not presently know or that ChargePoint currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect ChargePoint s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date hereof. ChargePoint anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause ChargePoint s assessments to change. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing ChargePoint s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date hereof. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. ChargePoint cautions you that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties, most of which are all difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of ChargePoint. 
 The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements: 
 supply chain disruptions, delays, component shortages and expense increases, including those associated with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the conflict between Ukraine and Russia may adversely affect our sales, revenue and gross margins; 
 delays in new product introductions; 
 ChargePoint s ability to expand its business in Europe; 
 ChargePoint s ability to integrate newly acquired assets and businesses into ChargePoint s own business and the expected benefits from newly acquired assets to ChargePoint, its customers and its market position; 
 the electric vehicle EV market and deliveries of passenger and fleet vehicles may not grow as expected; 
 ChargePoint may not attract a sufficient number of fleet owners or operators as customers; 
 incentives from governments or utilities may not materialize or may be reduced, which could reduce demand for EVs, or the portion of regulatory credits that customers claim may increase, which would reduce ChargePoint s revenue from such incentives; 
 the impact of competing technologies or technological changes that result in reduced demand for EVs or other adverse effects on the EV market or our business; 
 data security breaches or other network outages; 
 ChargePoint s ability to remediate its material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting; 
 ChargePoint s success in retaining or recruiting, or changes in, its officers, key employees or directors; 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 ChargePoint s ability to maintain a strong balance sheet and to raise capital as needed to support its business and pursue growth opportunities; and 
 3 

Table of Content 

 the possibility that ChargePoint may be adversely affected by other economic factors including macroeconomic conditions such as inflation, rising interest rates, foreign exchange volatility, adverse developments in the financial service industry, slower growth or recession or other business factors or other competitive factors. 
 The foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other risk factors included herein. Forward-looking statements reflect current views about ChargePoint s plans, strategies and prospects, which are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report. Except to the extent required by applicable law, ChargePoint undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or revise the forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 4 

Table of Content 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. ChargePoint is a leading electric vehicle EV charging technology solutions provider. ChargePoint is broadly driving the shift to electric mobility by providing networked charging solutions in North America and Europe across commercial (e.g., retail, workplace, hospitality, parking, recreation, municipal, education and highway fast charge), fleet (e.g., delivery, take home, logistics, motor pool, transit and shared mobility) and residential (e.g., single family homes and multi-family apartments and condominiums) verticals. As of January 31, 2023, ChargePoint has activated approximately 225,000 ports on its network, including approximately 18,900 direct current, or DC, fast charging ports, excluding single family home ports. ChargePoint s roaming integrations enable EV drivers to access more than 465,000 additional third-party ports in North America and Europe through ChargePoint s mobile and in-dash applications. 
 
 ChargePoint believes its business model is distinct in the EV charging industry. ChargePoint sells networked charging hardware, connected through cloud-based software services Cloud or Cloud Services and supported by extended parts and labor warranty solutions Assure ). ChargePoint sells these solutions to commercial, fleet and residential customers to enable electrification, and has developed a strong network of channel partners and distributors to support its growth. ChargePoint does not sell networked charging hardware without its software, typically does not own or operate EV charging assets, does not monetize drivers, and does not rely upon profits from the sale of electricity. By pursuing this capital light business model, ChargePoint has been able to focus its investments on research and development of its diverse portfolio of networked Level 2, or alternating current AC ), and Level 3 DC fast charging hardware, and its software solutions for drivers, hosts and fleet operators, while simultaneously scaling active networked ports more cost efficiently as compared to other models in the EV industry, where the charging station operator, or CPO, owns and operates the charging station and depends upon profits on the sale of electricity. Finally, ChargePoint believes its go-to-market strategy of ensuring site owners or CPOs have full control over branding, access, pricing and policies, enables them to provide their employees and customers a better charging experience. 
 
 ChargePoint s networked charging solutions can charge most types of EVs from cars, trucks and delivery vehicles to buses and 18-wheelers regardless of manufacturer. ChargePoint believes it will benefit directly and proportionately from the broad trend in vehicle electrification because the breadth of its solutions means it does not need to identify which vehicles will come to market first nor which segments or manufacturers will be successful. For example, as an early entrant in the EV charging industry, ChargePoint has seen a correlation between new passenger EV sales in North America and its charging port growth in North America, which gives ChargePoint confidence in its growth prospects going forward as its verticals and geographic markets continue to go electric. 
 ChargePoint believes its distinct business model, breadth of offerings and increasing scale are also supported by significant positive trends in the industry. In the last several years, most major manufacturers of passenger cars, trucks of all sizes, buses and industrial vehicles have committed to electrification, and governments have made it clear from both policy and funding perspectives that the future of transportation is electric. For example, passenger EV sales are expected to increase from 2 of new vehicles sold in 2019 to 44 in 2030 in the United States and 3 of new vehicles sold in 2019 to 60 in 2030 in Europe according to the Bloomberg New Energy Finance Electric Vehicle Outlook (the BNEF Report issued in February 2023). Additional factors propelling this shift to vehicle electrification include existing and proposed fossil fuel bans or restrictions, transit electrification mandates and utility and government incentive programs. With these trends, the BNEF Report projects that the cumulative EV charging infrastructure investment in North America and Europe is expected to be approximately 178 billion by 2030 and increase to approximately 505 billion by 2040. 
 ChargePoint is focused on supporting a sustainable future. Since 2007, ChargePoint estimates it has powered over 5 billion electric miles driven, avoiding use of more than 220 million gallons of gasoline and the emission of over 1 million metric tons of greenhouse gases as of January 31, 2023. ChargePoint estimates the avoided amount of greenhouse gas emissions equates to planting approximately 22 million tree seedlings, capturing carbon from 1.6 million acres of U.S. forests or recycling 57 million bags of waste, according to the United States Environmental Protection Agency s Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies. 
 The ChargePoint Model and Network Effect for EV Fueling 
 ChargePoint believes fueling EVs is radically different from the current gas station model for fueling traditional gas-powered vehicles. Passenger vehicles spend 95 of their time parked, and most fleet vehicles also have substantial dwell time. Unlike gasoline, electricity is pervasively and safely distributed, so fueling can shift to a model where vehicles charge where they are parked and while their drivers individual or fleet are engaged in other activities. 
 Accordingly, with application-specific exceptions such as occasional trips beyond a passenger vehicle s battery range or the need to support fleet depots, ChargePoint believes EV charging will principally transition from an inconvenient, dedicated stop at a destination to convenient charging mapped to the dwell time, and for certain fleet applications, the size and route requirements, of the vehicle. These factors in turn drive the selection of charging solutions, since ChargePoint estimates that DC ports are 10 times or more expensive than AC ports to purchase and install, and significantly more expensive to operate due to the higher charging rate. In short, our customers want to choose the most cost-effective solutions for their vehicle charging applications, which can be AC or DC only or a blend, based on their specific needs. ChargePoint has developed a comprehensive platform of AC and DC charging products, Cloud subscriptions, Assure warranty coverages and professional services designed to ensure it can cost effectively deliver the solutions that best meet the customer s specific requirements. 
 5 

Table of Content 

ChargePoint s comprehensive portfolio is vital because its customers requirements vary by use case. For example, ChargePoint believes passenger EV drivers will typically charge overnight at home or during the day at work, top-up with AC charging while parked at a shopping center or other commercial locations for a few hours, and access DC charging for occasional road trips beyond their battery range. For fleet, ChargePoint believes fleet vehicles will also typically charge overnight, but with charging infrastructure mapped to vehicle types, dwell time and route lengths. Most fleets will use either all AC or a blend of AC and DC, with heavier duty applications using only DC. And in all cases, ChargePoint s model is to provide the owner of the infrastructure full control of branding, access, pricing and policies. 
 From a network effect perspective, ChargePoint s goals are ubiquity, accessibility, useability and reliability. Charging infrastructure should be broadly distributed, easily found, easy to use and should always work. ChargePoint believes its ports under management and roaming relationships support one of the largest and growing networks of EV charging infrastructures available. Charging ports are easily located via ChargePoint s mobile and in-dash applications, and ChargePoint s networked hardware is easy to use through those applications and to manage via its Cloud services provided to hosts. And most importantly, ChargePoint s networked hardware is designed for high uptime, monitored and managed through our Cloud application, and supported via our customer support organization and a large network of service partners. These attributes and mobile and in-dash applications create a charging network that encourages hosts and drivers to expand with ChargePoint. 
 The Portfolio 
 ChargePoint primarily generates revenue through the sale of networked charging hardware combined with its Cloud Services billed as a subscription. ChargePoint also provides an extended parts and labor warranty, Assure, as an annual subscription. ChargePoint offers both an upfront sale of the charging station hardware with separate subscriptions for Cloud Services and Assure, or ChargePoint as a Service, referred to as CPaaS, in which charging station hardware, Cloud Services and Assure are bundled into a multi-year or annual subscription. 
 Hardware Portfolio Powered by Cloud Services . ChargePoint believes it offers among the industry s leading hardware for AC and DC charging and does not sell these solutions without a Cloud Services subscription. ChargePoint s solutions deliver differentiated features and high efficiency in power and footprint, with a modular and scalable architecture created for high availability, easy expansion and efficient serviceability. ChargePoint thoroughly tests its products, including interoperability checks for different types of EVs, for a range of functional, climate and environmental conditions and for high, long-term reliability. ChargePoint s stations are available with customizable video and signage options for customers who want to promote their brand. 
 AC Solutions : 
 ChargePoint s newest family of charging stations, the CP6000 series, is part of a complete commercial and fleet charging solution, including power management and enhanced maintenance services. The CP6000 family of charging stations feature dual SAE J1772 AC charging ports, is UL and ENERGY STAR certified as well as compliant with the ISO 15118 communication standard and can deliver up to 19.2kW per port. 
 ChargePoint s CT4000 family of charging stations is UL and ENERGY STAR certified. All CT4000 models offer one or two standard SAE J1772 AC charging ports with locking holsters, capable of delivering up to 7.2kW per port. With this standard connector, ChargePoint s CT 4000 charging stations can charge almost any EV model in North America. 
 ChargePoint s AC solutions further includes the CPF50 family of charging station designed for use in fleet and multi-family applications and the ChargePoint Home Flex designed for fast, flexible home charging. Both the CPF50 and ChargePoint Home Flex are UL and ENERGY STAR certified with standard SAE J1772 AC charging ports making them safe, reliable, and energy efficient. 
 DC Solutions : 
 ChargePoint s family of Express and Express Plus fast charging DC solutions are configurable and extensible solutions intended to serve high-powered charging applications necessary for interstate corridor, fueling and convenience applications. ChargePoint s Express and Express Plus fast charging DC solutions are compatible with global charging connector standards including CCS1, CCS2 and CHAdeMO connector types as well as ISO communication standards. ChargePoint s Express products are capable of dispensing up to 62.5kW per port and up to 500kW per port depending on configuration with Express Plus. 
 Advanced Cloud Services to Scale Charging Infrastructure. Cloud Services subscription enables commercial and fleet customers to manage charging in their parking lots and depots. Features are tuned for a variety of settings. Retailers can optimize charging station locations and pricing for foot traffic and loyalty, employers can make fueling an efficient benefit to attract talent, parking operators can vary pricing to reflect market conditions, and fleet operators can manage use cases from 
 6 

Table of Content 

 having drivers take their own vehicles home every day to high-power, high-complexity centralized fleet depots. Cloud Services capabilities include the functionality below. 
 Station and site host management : making charging accessible to the public or select users, simplifying management of multiple charging sites and their parking policies, enabling sub-hosts, delivery of analytics, utilization reporting, remote diagnosis and updates with the latest software features. 
 Host pricing and payment remittance capabilities : enabling site hosts or station owners to set pricing, including support for pricing scenarios (e.g., by driver group, time of day, idle status, energy dispensed, by session). Remittance is possible to one or many accounts. 
 Energy management : enabling stations to share circuits, oversubscribing electrical panels to add more ports beyond the peak electrical capacity, and supporting the creation of advanced groups and rules which enable energy use policies. Energy management can be integrated with support for building load management and integration with utility load management programs. 
 Driver management tools : enabling convenience features including specific user access via the ChargePoint connections system, the creation of driver groups to support a site host policy and the waitlist feature for drivers to reserve a place in line, among other features. 
 Integration with route planning systems for fleets : enabling on-budget deadline scheduling in accordance with energy rate structures and on-site energy storage. On-site and on-route charging are supported and fueling payment is facilitated by integration with leading fuel cards. 
 ChargePoint believes that as EV penetration rises, so does the importance of Cloud Services to help manage charging complexity. Some examples include: 
 The ability for commercial customers to adjust the rate at which vehicles charge to match the natural parking duration at the site and to avoid peak or demand charges. 
 Charging infrastructure made available to the public during the day can be reserved for private fleets at night. Fleet software integrations also offer load control, charging scheduling and alerts to reduce cost and improve reliability. The software is designed to integrate with fuel management systems, fleet operations software and vehicle telematics to enable seamless integration into fleet processes. 
 Ecosystem integrations enable drivers to access charging functionality via in-vehicle infotainment systems, consumer mobile applications, payment systems, mapping tools, home automation assistants, fleet fuel cards, wearables and residential utility programs. 
 All ChargePoint commercial ports are integrated into one network available to drivers who can use the ChargePoint mobile application to find charging locations, check availability, start sessions, pay for charging, use their ChargePoint account to roam across networks, access preferential pricing and loyalty offers and track the estimated avoidance of CO2 emissions in comparison to the use of liquid fuel. 
 Parts and Labor Warranty Subscriptions and Customer Support Foster Loyalty . ChargePoint offers the Assure warranty services which include proactive monitoring, fast response times, parts and labor warranty, expert advice and robust reporting. ChargePoint also provides phone support in multiple languages to both site hosts and drivers. Rising EV adoption creates more awareness and utilization. ChargePoint believes the quality of the ChargePoint experience generates driver satisfaction and therefore encourages customers to purchase additional networked chargers and Cloud Services, creating a virtuous cycle of growth from customers expanding their charging capacity. 
 Go to Market Strategy 
 ChargePoint sells networked charging solutions in North America and Europe, and as of January 31, 2023, its customers base includes 80 of the 2021 Fortune 50 list of companies. It is focused on three key verticals: commercial, fleet and residential. 
 Commercial : Commercial businesses already own or lease parking and many wish to electrify. These include retail centers, offices, medical complexes, schools, airports, municipalities, convenience stores, recreation centers and fast fueling sites, among others. ChargePoint believes commercial businesses view charging as essential and invest to attract tenants, employees, customers and visitors, generate direct and indirect income, and achieve sustainability goals. ChargePoint believes commercial businesses choose ChargePoint based on solution completeness (they are not responsible for being the integrator or support agent for drivers) and the quality that comes from designing hardware, software and services together. These customers benefit from drivers that are typically familiar with ChargePoint s products and services, including access to a free, top-rated application, around-the-clock support, and integration to popular mapping platforms, payment systems and wearables. Brand awareness, education and demand marketing programs generate sales opportunities. ChargePoint accesses the commercial market via its direct sales force (inside and field teams) and by channel partners. 
 7 

Table of Content 

 Fleet : Fleet customers are organizations that operate vehicle fleets in delivery/logistics, sales/service/motor pool shared transit and ride-sharing service operators. ChargePoint believes these customers choose to electrify their fleets for economic reasons, as the comparative total cost of ownership compellingly favors electrification. EV charging solutions can help them design and fuel operations, manage operating costs and achieve sustainability goals. ChargePoint provides a flexible architecture of networked charging stations, Cloud Services subscriptions, professional services, support, monitoring and parts and labor warranties needed to support all use cases, from single vehicle take-home fleets to full-scale electrified depots. ChargePoint accesses the fleet market via its direct sales force and a curated set of channel partners. 
 Residential : ChargePoint offers residential EV charging solutions for drivers in single-family residences who want the convenience of fueling at home with the ability to optimize energy costs and full integration with the same mobile application they use for charging away from home. Residential charging solutions include the capability to manage grid load in conjunction with utility programs and EV fueling rate programs. ChargePoint accesses single-family residential opportunities through direct marketing to the consumer using proprietary and third-party e-commerce platforms. For apartments and condominium settings, ChargePoint offers landlords and owner associations the ability to offer charging billed directly to the tenant. ChargePoint also offers customer support around-the-clock and in multiple languages. ChargePoint accesses this residential aspect via marketing and direct and channel partners. 
 Because ChargePoint rarely owns and operates charging infrastructure, it is able to allocate capital strategically towards ChargePoint s initiatives in research and development, marketing and sales and public policy. 
 Research and Development . With a singular focus on EV charging, ChargePoint offers a complete set of networked charging solutions for most EV charging use cases in North America and Europe. 
 Go to Market. ChargePoint has built a strong marketing and sales engine in North America and Europe, with an established direct sales channel, digital marketing capability and substantial channel sales. ChargePoint s success is dependent in part upon establishing and maintaining relationships with a variety of channel partners that it utilizes to extend its geographic reach and market penetration. ChargePoint uses a two-tiered, indirect fulfillment model whereby ChargePoint sells its products and services to its distributors, which in turn sell to resellers, which then sell to end users. ChargePoint refers to these end users as its customers. ChargePoint anticipates that it will continue to rely on this two-tiered sales model in order to help facilitate sales of ChargePoint s products and to grow its business internationally. ChargePoint also has nationwide and local partners who sell, install and maintain ChargePoint solutions. 
 Public Policy . ChargePoint has also supported early and sustained investments in government and utility relationships. ChargePoint advocates for policies that advance electric mobility and ensure a healthy industry with a focus on competition, innovation and customer choice, including: 
 Support for vehicle electrification policy and climate action, such as zero emission vehicle requirements, fossil fuel bans and transit electrification directives; 
 Partnership with North America s leading utilities to scale the new electric fueling network, including enabling the resale of electricity, securing fast charging-friendly tariffs, developing make-ready programs, creating customer incentive programs and informing utility commission decisions and legislation; and 
 Reduction in barriers to infrastructure deployment including construction costs, permitting, building codes and right to charge policies for renters and tenants. 
 Competition 
 ChargePoint believes its business model is unique. Others in the EV charging landscape consist principally of (i) manufacturers of non-networked hardware charging systems, such as ABB Ltd. and Tritium DCFC Ltd, (ii) software providers that offer solutions to access and manage such non-networked hardware charging systems, (iii) CPOs that acquire access to sites and leverage third-party hardware and software to build out charging infrastructure to sell energy, such as EVgo, Inc. and Electrify America, and (iv) e-mobility service and software providers, or eMSPs, that focus on enabling EV drivers to access third-party charging systems. 
 
 ChargePoint does not compete directly with these models. ChargePoint does not sell charging system hardware without its Cloud Services software. While ChargePoint is network first and may support a customer s need to on ramp third-party hardware onto the ChargePoint network, ChargePoint s focus is to provide the full functionality that comes with its integrated solutions. As a non-asset owner, ChargePoint does not compete directly with CPOs. And with respect to eMSPs, ChargePoint seeks to provide the best driver experience but does not monetize drivers. 
 
 ChargePoint thus believes its primary differentiators are: 
 comprehensive and fully integrated Cloud Services stack for all AC and DC charging system solutions for each charging vertical commercial, fleet and residential; 
 8 

Table of Content 

 size and scale of its networked charging system, including roaming partners; 
 variety and quality of networked charging system product offerings for AC and DC applications; 
 reliable product performance, testing and certifications; 
 ease of use of its Cloud Services, mobile and in-dash driver applications and features; 
 brand awareness; 
 quality of driver and charging system owner support; and 
 scale of operations. 
 ChargePoint believes it competes favorably with respect to each of these factors. 
 North America 
 ChargePoint believes it leads the North America market in the sale of commercial AC chargers. ChargePoint also has a strong market position in AC chargers for use at home or multifamily settings and high-power DC chargers for urban fast charging, corridor or long-trip charging and fleet applications. Because ChargePoint s primary business model does not include owning and operating networked charging stations, ChargePoint believes its primary competitors include other OEMs, manufacturers and providers of EV charging station solutions, such as Blink Charging Co. in AC chargers; Wallbox N.V in AC residential chargers; and ABB Ltd. and Tritium DCFC Ltd. in DC chargers. 
 Europe 
 In Europe, ChargePoint primarily competes with smaller providers of EV charging solutions. The market in Europe is highly fragmented in terms of both providers and solutions, with many companies providing hardware only or software only, and few providing both. To succeed in a large, early-stage market such as Europe, providers must invest in early engagement across verticals and customers to gain market share, and in ongoing efforts to scale channels, installers, teams and processes. ChargePoint believes its portfolio breadth and range of Cloud solutions position it well to succeed broadly in Europe, and thus has invested, and will continue to invest, heavily in its strategy to establish a successful pan-European presence that maps to major pan-European customers and provides a seamless experience for drivers as they travel. 
 Growth Strategies 
 ChargePoint estimates it had approximately a 70 market share in publicly available networked AC charging in North America as of January 31, 2023. ChargePoint began European operations in late 2017 and currently operates in 16 European countries. It expects significant market opportunities for fleet solutions as fleet EVs begin to arrive in more meaningful volume. ChargePoint believes the breadth and quality of its networked EV charging solutions, market share and driver awareness typically lead to customer loyalty, whereby customers typically choose to expand their charging footprint with ChargePoint as EV penetration rises and/or charging utilization at their location increases. Over the years, ChargePoint s customers have typically renewed their Cloud Services subscriptions and have expanded the number of charging ports they purchase from ChargePoint. Growth is also supported by comprehensive ecosystem integrations ChargePoint has enabled that keep the ChargePoint brand top of mind with drivers, including in-vehicle infotainment systems, consumer mobile applications, payment systems, mapping tools, home automation assistants, fleet fuel cards, wearables and residential utility programs. 
 ChargePoint s growth strategies to continue to scale networked EV charging are as follows: 
 Accelerate alternative EV charging offerings . ChargePoint intends to maintain its leadership position with continued efficient investment in the development of charging station technologies and Cloud solutions. In addition, ChargePoint intends to expand its product offerings beyond its historical model of a site host or customer owning and operating charging as a capital expenditure. ChargePoint intends to enter into partnerships and similar strategic relationships with third-party owners and operators of charging stations and alternative energy infrastructure providers to provide customers a financed charging solution that enables customers to pay for charging infrastructure as an operational expense, and a turnkey charging solution that enables customers offering public charging to host a station at zero cost to them. 
 Invest incrementally in marketing and sales . In both North America and Europe, ChargePoint intends to continue attracting new customers and pursuing a land-and-expand model which encourages existing customers to increase their charging footprint with ChargePoint over time as EV penetration increases. 
 9 

Table of Content 

 Manufacturing, Logistics and Fulfillment 
 ChargePoint designs its products in-house and outsources production to contract manufacturers based in the United States, Mexico and Europe. The majority of its hardware products are manufactured in Mexico. Components are sourced from a number of global suppliers, with concentrations in the United States and Asia. ChargePoint deploys a global supply chain management team that works proactively with piece part and final assembly supply partners. That supply management team readies factories for new products, puts in place and monitors quality control points, plans ongoing production, issues purchase orders and coordinates deliveries to distribution hubs that ChargePoint manages in North America and Europe. 
 ChargePoint works with third-party fulfillment partners that deliver its charging stations from multiple locations, which it believes allows it to reduce order fulfillment time and shipping costs. 
 Seasonality 
 Almost all of ChargePoint s commercial and fleet charging stations are installed and utilized outdoors and ChargePoint operates and conducts its sales primarily in the Northern Hemisphere. Seasonal changes and other weather-related conditions can affect the sales volumes and installation rates of ChargePoint s products, primarily due to the impact of winter weather on construction timelines and delays. In addition, many of ChargePoint s customers complete their annual budget approval cycle in ChargePoint s fourth quarter. Therefore, the financial results for any quarter do not necessarily indicate the results expected for the fiscal year. Normally, the highest sales and earnings are in ChargePoint s fourth quarter and the lowest are in its first quarter, commencing in February annually. 
 Government Regulation 
 ChargePoint s business is subject to a changing framework of laws and regulations at the federal, state, regional and local level as well as in foreign jurisdictions. For example, substantially all of ChargePoint s manufacturing operations are subject to complex trade, import and customs laws, regulations and tax requirements such as sanctions orders or tariffs. In addition, the countries in which ChargePoint s products are manufactured or imported may from time to time impose additional duties, tariffs or other restrictions on ChargePoint s imports or adversely modify existing restrictions. Changes in tax policy or trade regulations or the imposition of new tariffs on imported products, could have an adverse effect on ChargePoint s business, results of operations and competitive position. State, regional and local regulations for installation of EV charging stations also apply to ChargePoint and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may include permitting requirements, inspection requirements, licensing of contractors and certifications as examples. Compliance with such regulation(s) may cause shipping, installation, or commissioning delays. ChargePoint is also subject to other complex foreign and United States laws and regulations related to anti-bribery and corruption laws, antitrust or competition laws and sanctions compliance, among others. ChargePoint has policies and procedures in place to promote compliance with these laws and regulations, however, government regulations are subject to change, and accordingly ChargePoint is unable to assess the possible effect of compliance with future requirements or whether ChargePoint s compliance with such regulations, or failure to adequately comply, will adversely affect ChargePoint s business, competitive position or ability to invest in capital expenditures in the future. 
 OSHA 
 ChargePoint is subject to the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended OSHA ). OSHA establishes certain employer responsibilities, including maintenance of a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause death or serious injury, compliance with standards promulgated by OSHA and various record keeping, disclosure and procedural requirements. Various standards, including standards for notices of hazards, safety in excavation and demolition work and the handling of asbestos, may apply to ChargePoint s operations. ChargePoint believes it is in full compliance with OSHA regulations. 
 Metrology 
 ChargePoint products are subject to regulations and certification requirements governing accuracy and other characteristics of embedded metrology for dispensing of electricity through charging stations. ChargePoint has received certification for some products in the European Union under the Measurement Instrument Directive (MID), in the United Kingdom under the Measurement Instrument Regulation (MIR), the United States under the National Type Evaluation Program (NTEP), and in California under the California Type Evaluation Program (CTEP) as regulated by the Department of Food and Agriculture Division of Measurement Standards. ChargePoint is in the process of seeking additional certifications on products in Germany and in the United States. Field testing to validate meter accuracy may also be carried out by various government entities responsible for ensuring the accuracy of transactions based on measured quantities, similar to the way gasoline pumps or grocery store scales are audited. 
 Privacy and Data Security Laws 
 ChargePoint is currently subject, and may in the future be subject, to numerous privacy and data security laws. For example, some U.S. states, members of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Mexico, China, and many other jurisdictions in which ChargePoint operates or plans to operate have adopted some form of privacy and data security laws and regulations that impose significant compliance obligations. 
 10 

Table of Content 

 The European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR covers the European Economic Area EEA ), and countries such as Switzerland and the UK have adopted similar regulations. Member states have and may impose stricter regulations for certain issues. The GDPR governs a wide range of data protection and security issues, including EEA residents control over personal data about them or relating to them, the disclosures and choices provided to those individuals, the documentation ChargePoint must maintain, requirements for certain contracts, the security and confidentiality of the personal data, the uses or processing of personal data, data breach notification, and the use of third-party entities to process personal data. The GDPR includes employee data among the personal data the regulation governs. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA, designates each member state s data supervisory authority as the enforcement body, and authorizes the imposition of large penalties for noncompliance, including the potential for significant fines. The GDPR requirements apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between ChargePoint and its subsidiaries, including employee information. The GDPR has increased ChargePoint s responsibility and potential liability in relation to all EU personal data that ChargePoint processes and ChargePoint may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR, which could divert management s attention and increase its cost of doing business, and despite ChargePoint s ongoing efforts to bring its practices into compliance with the GDPR, it may not be successful. 
 ChargePoint is also subject to the e-Privacy Directive and the EU member states additions to and implementation of that directive. The e-Privacy Directive s provisions include requirements concerning the use of cookies and other tracking technologies and the use of personal information in marketing, including requirements for consents to marketing emails and opt-outs. Similarly, the CAN-SPAM Act in the United States governs email marketing. These and other cookie, email and marketing regulations increase ChargePoint s regulatory compliance obligations and risks. 
 Additionally, ChargePoint is governed by a California state privacy law called the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which contains requirements similar to the GDPR for the handling of personal information of California residents. The CCPA establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses, including an expansive definition of personal information and data privacy rights for California residents. The CCPA includes a framework with potentially severe statutory damages and private rights of action. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers (as that word is broadly defined in the CCPA), and new ways for such consumers to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, and to allow for a new cause of action for data breaches. Further, California voters approved a new privacy law amending the CCPA, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA in November, 2020. Effective January 1, 2023, the CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, including by expanding consumers rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information, and sunsetting exemptions for business-to-business personal information and employee information. The CPRA also creates a new state agency vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. This new agency, known as the California Privacy Protection Agency CPPA is authorized to implement regulations, and has drafted broad and new privacy requirements in this role. New legislation proposed or enacted in various other states will continue to shape the data privacy environment nationally. For example, Virginia enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act CDPA ), which became effective on January 1, 2023, the Colorado Privacy Act CPA which takes effect on July 1, 2023; the Utah Consumer Privacy Act UCPA which becomes effective December 1, 2023; and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, which becomes effective on July 1, 2023. These state laws are similar to the CCPA and CPRA, but aspects of these state privacy statutes remain unclear, resulting in further legal uncertainty. The United States federal government is also considering legislation governing privacy and security issues, including the possibility of private rights of action. This creates legal uncertainty with respect to federal law as well as the impact such laws will have on state statutes. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission FTC engages in regulatory investigations of privacy and security practices that may violate Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits unfair methods of competition, and unfair or deceptive acts or practices affecting commerce. These regulatory investigations can lead to consent decrees or litigation with the FTC and the Department of Justice. FTC consent decrees often mandate detailed privacy and security programs with annual audits for up to twenty years. Furthermore, state attorneys general may also join together to file lawsuits based on violations of applicable state privacy acts. In the event ChargePoint is subject to litigation, penalties, or enforcement actions pursuant to the GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, the FTC or applicable state laws, ChargePoint may be subject to fines and penalties, remediation measures which will divert management s time and attention, as well as harm to its reputation. 
 The GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, and other state laws exemplify the vulnerability of ChargePoint s business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data. Other states in the United States may pass or are considering privacy laws, and additional countries have in recent years implemented new privacy laws. ChargePoint s compliance costs and potential liability may increase as the result of additional national and international regulatory requirements related to data privacy and data security. 
 Waste Handling and Disposal 
 ChargePoint is subject to laws and regulations regarding the handling and disposal of hazardous substances and solid wastes, including electronic wastes and batteries. These laws generally regulate the generation, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous waste, and may impose strict, joint and several liability for the investigation and remediation of areas where hazardous substances may have been released or disposed. For instance, Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ), also known as the Superfund law, in the United States and comparable state laws impose liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons that contributed to the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include current and prior owners or operators of the site where the release occurred as well as companies that disposed or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances found at the site. Under CERCLA, these persons may be subject to joint and several strict liability for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies. CERCLA also authorizes the Environmental 
 11 

Table of Content 

 Protection Agency and, in some instances, third-parties to act in response to threats to the public health or the environment and to seek to recover from the responsible classes of persons the costs they incur. ChargePoint may handle hazardous substances within the meaning of CERCLA, or similar state statutes, in the course of ordinary operations and, as a result, may be jointly and severally liable under CERCLA for all or part of the costs required to clean up sites at which these hazardous substances have been released into the environment. 
 ChargePoint also generates solid wastes, which may include hazardous wastes that are subject to the requirements of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and comparable state statutes. While RCRA regulates both solid and hazardous wastes, it imposes strict requirements on the generation, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of hazardous wastes. Certain components of ChargePoint s products are excluded from RCRA s hazardous waste regulations, provided certain requirements are met. However, if these components do not meet all of the established requirements for the exclusion, or if the requirements for the exclusion change, ChargePoint may be required to treat such products as hazardous waste, which are subject to more rigorous and costly disposal requirements. Any changes in the laws and regulations, or ChargePoint s ability to qualify the materials it uses for exclusions under such laws and regulations, could adversely affect ChargePoint s operating expenses. 
 Similar laws exist in other jurisdictions where ChargePoint operates. Additionally, in the EU, ChargePoint is subject to the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive WEEE Directive ). The WEEE Directive provides for the creation of a collection scheme where consumers return electrical and electronic equipment waste to merchants, such as ChargePoint. If ChargePoint fails to properly manage such electrical and electronic equipment waste, it may be subject to fines, sanctions, or other actions that may adversely affect ChargePoint s financial operations. 
 Research and Development 
 ChargePoint has invested significant time and expense into research and development for its networked charging platform technologies and for its Cloud software. ChargePoint s ability to maintain its leadership position depends upon its ongoing research and development activities. ChargePoint s research and development team is responsible for designing, developing, manufacturing, testing and sustaining its products. 
 ChargePoint s research and development teams are primarily located in the Company s headquarters in Campbell, California, its facilities in Gurgaon, India, and its European locations in Radstadt, Austria, Amsterdam, Netherlands and Reading, the United Kingdom. 
 Intellectual Property 
 ChargePoint relies on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, unfair competition and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions, to establish, maintain and protect its proprietary rights. ChargePoint s success depends in part upon its ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for ChargePoint s products, technology and know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing ChargePoint s proprietary rights. 
 As of January 31, 2023, ChargePoint had 89 U.S. patents issued and 45 U.S. pending non-provisional patent applications. Additionally, ChargePoint had 33 issued foreign patents and 15 foreign patent applications currently pending in various foreign jurisdictions. In addition, as of January 31, 2023, there were three pending Patent Cooperation Treaty applications. These patents relate to various EV charging station designs and/or EV charging functionality. Such issued patents and any patents derived from such applications or applications that claim priority from such applications, if granted, would be expected to expire between 2024 and 2042, excluding any additional term for patent term adjustments. ChargePoint cannot be assured that any of its patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent or whether the examination process will require ChargePoint to narrow the scope of the claims sought. ChargePoint s issued patents, and any future patents issued to ChargePoint, may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, may not provide sufficiently broad protection and may not prove to be enforceable inactions against alleged infringers. 
 ChargePoint enters into agreements with its employees, contractors, customers, partners and other parties with which it does business to limit access to and disclosure of its technology and other proprietary information. ChargePoint cannot be certain that the steps it has taken will be sufficient or effective to prevent the unauthorized access, use, copying or the reverse engineering of ChargePoint s technology and other proprietary information, including by third-parties who may use its technology or other proprietary information to develop products and services that compete with ChargePoint s. Moreover, others may independently develop technologies that are competitive with ChargePoint or that infringe on, misappropriate or otherwise violate its intellectual property and proprietary rights, and policing the unauthorized use of ChargePoint s intellectual property and proprietary rights can be difficult. The enforcement of ChargePoint s intellectual property and proprietary rights also depends on any legal actions ChargePoint may bring against any such parties being successful, but these actions are costly, time-consuming and may not be successful, even when ChargePoint s rights have been infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated. 
 ChargePoint intends to continue to regularly assess opportunities for seeking patent protection for those aspects of its technology, designs and methodologies that ChargePoint believes provide a meaningful competitive advantage. However, ChargePoint s ability to do so may be limited until such time as it is able to generate cash flow from operations or otherwise raise sufficient capital to continue to invest in ChargePoint s intellectual property. For example, maintaining patents in the United States and other countries requires the payment of maintenance fees which, if ChargePoint is unable to pay, may result in loss of its patent rights. If ChargePoint is unable to 
 12 

Table of Content 

 pay these maintenance fees, its ability to protect its intellectual property or prevent others from infringing its proprietary rights may be impaired. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of January 31, 2023, ChargePoint had over 1,650 worldwide employees. ChargePoint s talent is the foundation of its success. ChargePoint strives to become the employer of choice within its industry, facilitating the transition to electric mobility by placing its talent at the heart of its success. To achieve this mission, ChargePoint aims to develop its individual, team and leadership capabilities, attract the best talent from diverse backgrounds, retain its talent through a variety of means including competitive rewards and benefits, creating a winning culture, and engaging its talent by building a culture of feedback, inclusion and recognition. Key focus and investment areas to achieve this goal include, among others, diversity and inclusion, emphasis on ethical business practices, and employee safety and wellness. 
 Diversity and Inclusion . ChargePoint believes that by cultivating a diverse and inclusive workforce where employees can bring diversity of thought, background and experiences, ChargePoint will ultimately drive better business outcomes and drive value for the organization and customers. This commitment includes adopting policies and other initiatives designed to provide equal access to, and participation in, equal employment opportunities, programs, and services without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, disability, sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity. ChargePoint s Compensation and Organizational Development Committee of its Board of Directors reviews and provides feedback on ChargePoint s diversity and inclusion initiatives. 
 Ethical Business Practices. ChargePoint also fosters a strong corporate culture that promotes high standards of ethics and compliance for its business, including policies that set forth principles to guide employees, executives, and directors, such as its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. In addition, ChargePoint has joined the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) and adopted its Supplier Code of Conduct, which emphasizes business ethics in its supply chain through audit and oversight programs focused on promoting ethical and sustainable labor, health and safety, and environmental business practices. ChargePoint also maintains a whistleblower policy and anonymous hotline for the confidential reporting of any suspected policy violations or unethical business conduct on the part of its businesses, employees, executives, directors, or vendors. 
 Employee Safety and Wellness . ChargePoint provides various health and wellness resources to help its employees maintain and improve their well-being. In addition to health, medical and dental benefits, ChargePoint offers all employees access to several wellness offerings which provide a variety of mental and physical health solutions, therapy and coaching sessions, fertility, family forming and pregnancy support, virtual baby care, and mobile access to doctors. 
 Compensation and Benefits. ChargePoint offers competitive salaries and benefits programs such as medical, dental, and vision insurance, health and dependent care flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) plan, health savings account, life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, short-term and long-term disability insurance, and commuter benefits. Employees are also eligible to participate in its Employee Stock Purchase Program and discretionary equity awards program. ChargePoint designs its employee benefits programs to be competitive in relation to the market. ChargePoint adjusts its employee benefits programs as needed to retain key talent based upon regular monitoring of applicable laws and practices and the competitive market. In structuring these benefit programs, ChargePoint seeks to provide an aggregate level of benefits that are comparable to those provided by similar companies. 
 Available Information 
 The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are made available free of charge on ChargePoint s website, investors.chargepoint.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 An investment in ChargePoint s securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. ChargePoint s business, prospects, financial condition, or operating results could be harmed by any of these risks, as well as other risks not known to ChargePoint or that it considers immaterial as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ). The trading price of ChargePoint s securities could decline due to any of these risks, and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 13 

Table of Content 

 Summary of Principal Risks Associated with ChargePoint s Business 
 ChargePoint operates in the early-stage market of electric vehicle EV adoption and has a history of losses, and expects to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the near term. 
 ChargePoint has experienced rapid growth and expects to invest in growth for the foreseeable future. If it fails to manage growth effectively, its business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 ChargePoint currently faces competition from a number of companies, particularly in Europe, and expects to face significant competition in the future as the market for EV charging develops. 
 ChargePoint relies on a third-party channel partner network of distributors and resellers to generate a substantial amount of its revenue, and failure on the part of ChargePoint to continue to develop and expand this network may have an adverse impact on its business and prospects for growth. 
 Failure to effectively expand ChargePoint s sales and marketing capabilities could harm its ability to increase its customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of its solutions. 
 Supply chain disruptions, component shortages, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, could adversely affect ChargePoint s ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, and adversely affect ChargePoint s business and results of operations. For example, supply chain challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and global chip shortages have impacted companies worldwide and may have adverse effects on ChargePoint s suppliers and customers and, as a result, ChargePoint. 
 ChargePoint relies on a limited number of suppliers and manufacturers for its charging stations. A loss of any of these partners could negatively affect its business. 
 ChargePoint s business is subject to risks associated with construction, cost overruns and delays, and other contingencies that may arise in the course of completing installations, and such risks may increase in the future as ChargePoint expands the scope of such services with other parties. 
 Acquisitions or strategic investments could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of key management personnel, disrupt ChargePoint s business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 
 If ChargePoint is unable to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical engineering and sales personnel, its ability to compete and successfully grow its business would be harmed. 
 ChargePoint is expanding operations internationally, particularly in Europe, which will expose it to additional tax, compliance, market and other risks. 
 Some members of ChargePoint s management have limited experience in operating a public company. 
 ChargePoint s future revenue growth will depend in significant part on its ability to increase sales of its products and services to fleet operators. 
 ChargePoint faces risks related to global epidemics and health pandemics which could have a material and adverse effect on its business and results of operations. 
 Future sales of ChargePoint s common stock Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could reduce ChargePoint s stock price, and any conversions of its unsecured Convertible Senior PIK Toggle Notes (the 2027 Convertible Notes will, and any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or any future convertible securities ChargePoint may issue could, dilute existing stockholders ownership. 
 ChargePoint may need to raise additional funds and these funds may not be available when needed or may not be available on terms that are favorable to ChargePoint. 
 ChargePoint has incurred substantial indebtedness that may decrease its business flexibility, access to capital, and/or increase its borrowing costs, and ChargePoint may still incur substantially more debt, which may adversely affect its operations and financial results. 
 ChargePoint is highly reliant on its networked charging solution and information technology systems and data, and those of its service providers and component suppliers, any of which systems and data may be subject to cyber-attacks, service disruptions or other security incidents, which could result in data breaches, loss or interruption of services, intellectual property theft, claims, litigation, regulatory investigations, significant liability, reputational damage and other adverse consequences. 
 14 

Table of Content 

 Computer malware, viruses, ransomware, hacking, phishing attacks and similar disruptions could result in security and privacy breaches and interruption in service, which could harm ChargePoint s business. 
 ChargePoint s business is subject to risks associated with natural disasters and the adverse effects associated with climate change, including earthquakes, wildfires, or other types of natural disasters or resource shortages, including public safety power shut-offs that have occurred and may continue to occur in California, the effects of which could disrupt and harm its operations and those of ChargePoint s customers. 
 Concentration of ownership among ChargePoint s existing executive officers, directors and their affiliates may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 ChargePoint has never paid cash dividends on its capital stock and does not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 The price of ChargePoint s Common Stock may be subject to wide fluctuations. 
 ChargePoint s future growth and success is highly correlated with and thus dependent upon the continuing rapid adoption of EVs for passenger and fleet applications. 
 The EV market currently benefits from the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives from governments, utilities and others to offset the purchase or operating costs of EVs and EV charging stations. In particular, ChargePoint s marketing efforts have historically promoted federal tax credits available to purchasers of its EV charging stations that effectively provide purchasers with a significantly discounted purchase price. The reduction, modification, or elimination of such benefits could cause reduced demand for EVs and EV charging stations, which would adversely affect ChargePoint s financial results. 
 ChargePoint s business may be adversely affected if it is unable to protect its technology and intellectual property from unauthorized use by third parties. 
 ChargePoint has identified, and has previously identified, material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. If ChargePoint is unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if ChargePoint identifies additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, this may result in material misstatements contained within ChargePoint s consolidated financial statements or cause ChargePoint to fail to meet its periodic reporting obligations. 
 Risks Related to ChargePoint s Business 
 ChargePoint operates in the early-stage market of EV adoption and has a history of losses, and expects to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the near term. 
 ChargePoint incurred net losses of 345.1 million, 132.2 million, and 197.0 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, ChargePoint had an accumulated deficit of 1,156.8 million and 811.7 million, respectively. ChargePoint believes it will continue to incur significant operating expenses and net losses in future quarters for the near term. There can be no assurance that it will be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. ChargePoint s potential profitability is particularly dependent upon the continued adoption of EVs by consumers and fleet operators and the widespread adoption of electric trucks, other vehicles and other electric transportation modalities, each of which are still in the very early stages of adoption and may not occur. 
 ChargePoint has experienced rapid growth and expects to invest in growth for the foreseeable future. If it fails to manage growth effectively, its business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 ChargePoint has experienced rapid growth in recent periods. For example, the number of employees has grown from over 800 as of January 31, 2021 to over 1,400 as of January 31, 2022 and to over 1,650 as of January 31, 2023. The growth and expansion of its business has placed and continues to place a significant strain on management, operations, financial infrastructure and corporate culture. In the event of further growth, ChargePoint s information technology systems and ChargePoint s internal control over financial reporting and procedures may not be adequate to support its operations and may introduce opportunities for data security incidents that may interrupt business operations and permit bad actors to obtain unauthorized access to business information or misappropriate funds. ChargePoint may also face risks to the extent such bad actors infiltrate the information technology infrastructure of its contractors. 
 To manage growth in operations and personnel, ChargePoint will need to continue to improve its operational, financial and management controls and reporting systems and procedures. Failure to manage growth effectively could result in difficulty or delays in attracting new customers, declines in quality or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new products and services or enhancing existing products and services, loss of customers, inability to retain or hire new employees effectively, information security vulnerabilities or other operational difficulties, any of which could adversely affect its business performance and operating results. 
 15 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint currently faces competition from a number of companies, particularly in Europe, and expects to face significant competition in the future as the market for EV charging develops. 
 The EV charging market is relatively new and competition is still developing. ChargePoint primarily competes with smaller providers of EV charging station networks for installations, particularly in Europe. Large early-stage markets, such as Europe, require early engagement across verticals and customers to gain market share, and ongoing effort to scale channels, installers, teams and processes. Some European customers require solutions not yet available and ChargePoint s recent entrance into Europe requires establishing itself against existing competitors. In addition, there are multiple competitors in Europe with limited funding, which could cause poor user experiences, hampering overall EV adoption or trust in any particular provider. 
 In addition, there are other means for charging EVs, which could affect the level of demand for onsite charging capabilities at businesses. For example, Tesla Inc. continues to build out its supercharger network across the United States for its vehicles and has opened its supercharger network up to non-Tesla EVs, which could reduce overall demand for EV charging at other sites, including ChargePoint s. Also, third-party contractors can provide basic electric charging capabilities to potential customers seeking to have on premise EV charging capability or individual customers seeking home charging. In addition, many EV charging manufacturers, including ChargePoint, are offering home charging equipment, which could reduce demand for on premise charging capabilities of potential customers and reduce the demand for onsite charging capabilities if EV owners find charging at home to be sufficient. 
 Further, ChargePoint s current or potential competitors may be acquired by third-parties with greater available resources. In addition, certain of ChargePoint s competitors are engaging in or have completed transactions to become publicly traded companies and may have ready access to the capital markets for additional funding. As a result, competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than ChargePoint to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements and may have the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. In addition, competitors may in the future establish cooperative relationships with vendors of complementary products, technologies or services to increase the availability of their solutions in the marketplace. This competition may also materialize in the form of costly intellectual property disputes or litigation involving ChargePoint. 
 New competitors or alliances may emerge in the future that have greater market share, more widely adopted proprietary technologies, greater marketing expertise and greater financial resources, which could put ChargePoint at a competitive disadvantage. Future competitors could also be better positioned to serve certain segments of ChargePoint s current or future target markets, which could create price pressure. In light of these factors, even if ChargePoint s offerings are more effective and higher quality than those of its competitors, current or potential customers may accept competitive solutions. If ChargePoint fails to adapt to changing market conditions or continue to compete successfully with current charging providers or new competitors, its growth will be limited which would adversely affect its business and results of operations. 
 ChargePoint relies on a third-party channel partner network of distributors and resellers to generate a substantial amount of its revenue and failure on the part of ChargePoint to continue to develop and expand this network may have an adverse impact on its business and prospects for growth. 
 ChargePoint s success is dependent in part upon establishing and maintaining relationships with a variety of channel partners that it utilizes to extend its geographic reach and market penetration. ChargePoint uses a two-tiered, indirect fulfillment model whereby ChargePoint sells its products and services to its distributors, which in turn sell to resellers, which then sell to end users. ChargePoint refers to these end users as customers. ChargePoint anticipates that it will continue to rely on this two-tiered sales model in order to help facilitate sales of ChargePoint s products and to grow its business internationally. In the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, ChargePoint derived a majority of its billings from products and subscriptions sold through channel partners. ChargePoint s agreements with its channel partners are non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from working with ChargePoint s competitors or offering competing solutions, and some of ChargePoint s channel partners may have more established relationships with ChargePoint s competitors. Similarly, ChargePoint s channel partners have no obligations to renew their agreements with ChargePoint on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and certain of the agreements governing these relationships may be terminated by either party at any time, with no or limited notice. If ChargePoint s channel partners choose to place greater emphasis on products of their own or those offered by ChargePoint s competitors or a result of an acquisition, competitive factors or for other reasons do not continue to market and sell ChargePoint s solutions in an effective manner or at all, ChargePoint s ability to grow its business and sell its solutions may be adversely affected. In addition, ChargePoint s failure to recruit additional channel partners, or any reduction or delay in their sales of ChargePoint solutions and subscriptions, including because of economic uncertainty, or due to conflicts between channel sales and ChargePoint s direct sales force may harm ChargePoint s results of operations. Finally, even if ChargePoint is successful in establishing and maintaining relationships with channel partners, these relationships may not result in greater customer usage of ChargePoint s solutions and professional services or increased revenue. 
 Failure to effectively expand ChargePoint s sales and marketing capabilities could harm its ability to increase its customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of its solutions. 
 ChargePoint s ability to grow its customer base, achieve broader market acceptance, grow revenue, and achieve and sustain profitability will depend, to a significant extent, on its ability to effectively expand its sales and marketing operations and activities. Sales 
 16 

Table of Content 

 and marketing expenses represent a significant percentage of ChargePoint s total revenue, and its operating results will suffer if sales and marketing expenditures do not contribute significantly to increasing revenue. 
 ChargePoint is substantially dependent on its channel partners and direct sales force to obtain new customers. ChargePoint plans to continue to expand its direct sales force both domestically and internationally but it may not be able to recruit and hire a sufficient number of sales personnel, which may adversely affect its ability to expand its sales capabilities. New hires require significant training and time before they achieve full productivity, particularly in new sales territories. Recent hires and planned hires may not become as productive as quickly as anticipated and ChargePoint may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. Furthermore, hiring sales personnel in new countries can be costly, complex and time-consuming, and requires additional set up and upfront costs that may be disproportionate to the initial revenue expected from those countries. There is significant competition for direct sales personnel with strong sales skills and technical knowledge. ChargePoint s ability to achieve significant revenue growth in the future will depend, in large part, on its success in recruiting, training, incentivizing and retaining a sufficient number of qualified direct sales personnel and on such personnel attaining desired productivity levels within a reasonable amount of time. ChargePoint s business will be harmed if continuing investment in its sales and marketing capabilities does not generate a significant increase in revenue. 
 Supply chain disruptions, component shortages, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, could adversely affect ChargePoint s ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, and adversely affect ChargePoint s business and results of operations. For example, supply chain challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and global chip shortages have impacted companies worldwide and may have adverse effects on ChargePoint s suppliers and customers and, as a result, ChargePoint. 
 ChargePoint depends on the timely supply of materials, services and related products to meet the demands of its customers, which depends in part on the timely delivery of materials and services from suppliers and contract manufacturers. Significant or sudden increases in demand for EV charging stations, as well as worldwide demand for the raw materials and services that ChargePoint requires to manufacture and sell EV charging stations, including component parts, may result in a shortage of such materials or may cause shipment delays due to transportation interruptions or capacity constraints. Such shortages or delays could adversely impact ChargePoint s suppliers ability to meet ChargePoint s demand requirements. 
 Disruptions in the manufacturing, delivery and overall supply chain of vehicle manufacturers and suppliers, such as prolonged port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, each of which has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, have resulted in additional costs and, to a lesser extent, component shortages, and have led to fluctuations in EV sales in markets around the world. Increased demand for personal electronics and trade restrictions that affect raw materials have contributed to a shortfall of semiconductor chips, which has caused additional supply challenges both within and outside of ChargePoint s industry. Ongoing supply chain challenges, component shortages and heightened logistics costs have adversely affected ChargePoint s gross margins in recent quarters and ChargePoint expects that gross margins will continue to be adversely affected by increased material costs and freight and logistic expenses for the foreseeable future. Costs incurred to expedite delivery of components and replacement parts used in charging stations or in providing installation or maintenance services or to proactively increase inventory could cause ChargePoint to raise its prices, impose surcharges or other fees or refuse to negotiate discounts. Further, any sustained downturn in demand for EVs would also harm ChargePoint s business. 
 ChargePoint may also experience significant interruptions of its manufacturing operations, delays in its ability to deliver products, or increased costs as a result of: 
 the failure or inability to accurately forecast demand and obtain sufficient quantities of quality raw materials or replacement parts on a cost-effective basis; 
 volatility in the availability and cost of materials or services, including rising prices due to inflation; 
 shipment delays due to transportation interruptions or capacity constraints, such as reduced availability of air or ground transport or port closures; 
 information technology or infrastructure failures, including those of a third party supplier or service provider; 
 difficulties or delays in obtaining required import or export approvals; 
 natural disasters or other events beyond ChargePoint s control (such as earthquakes, utility interruptions, tsunamis, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, storms or extreme weather conditions, fires, regional economic downturns, regional or global health epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic); and 
 geopolitical turmoil, including the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russia or increased trade restrictions between the United States, Russia, China and other countries, social unrest, political instability, terrorism, or other acts of war which may further adversely impact supply chains, shipping, transportation and logistics disruptions. 
 Further, the United States has imposed extraordinary tariffs and extensive export controls targeted primarily at the semiconductor industry in China. If China retaliates to such measures or there is a conflict between China and Taiwan, which is a leading producer of semiconductors, there could be further disruption to the semiconductor industry and global supply chains. ChargePoint or the suppliers it 
 17 

Table of Content 

 procures components from may be unable to manufacture products at prices ChargePoint s customers would accept, or at all. Any inability to pass on future increased costs to customers would put downward pressure on ChargePoint s gross margins and adversely affect ChargePoint s business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, while ChargePoint has not yet experienced a direct impact to its supply chain due to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, ChargePoint may experience an impact in the future due to increased fuel and shipping costs, limited supply of components or replacement parts used by ChargePoint in its manufacturing process, or the automotive industry in general, and delays caused by changes to global shipping routes and logistics. Such adverse impacts on ChargePoint s supply chain could limit its ability to manufacture and sell its products on a timely and cost-effective basis and adversely affect its gross margins, which could materially adversely affect ChargePoint s business and results of operations. 
 ChargePoint relies on a limited number of suppliers and manufacturers for its charging stations. A loss of any of these partners could negatively affect its business. 
 ChargePoint relies on a limited number of suppliers to manufacture its charging stations, including in some cases only a single supplier for some products and components. This reliance on a limited number of manufacturers increases ChargePoint s risks, since it does not currently have proven reliable alternatives or replacement manufacturers beyond these key parties. In the event of interruption, including or resulting in a sudden failure by a supplier to meet its obligation, ChargePoint may not be able to increase capacity from other sources or develop alternate or secondary sources without incurring material additional costs and substantial delays. Thus, ChargePoint s business could be adversely affected if one or more of its suppliers is impacted by any interruption at a particular location. 
 As the demand for EV charging increases, ChargePoint s suppliers and manufacturers may not be able to dedicate sufficient supply chain, production or sales channel capacity to keep up with the required pace of charging infrastructure expansion. By relying on contract manufacturing, ChargePoint is dependent upon the manufacturer, whose interests may be different from ChargePoint s. For example, ChargePoint s suppliers and contract manufacturers may have other customers with demand for the same components or manufacturing services and may allocate their resources based on the supplier s or manufacturer s interests or needs to maximize their revenue or relationships with other customers rather than ChargePoint s interest. As a result, ChargePoint may not be able to assure itself that it will have sufficient control over the supply of key components, inventory or finished goods in a timely manner or with acceptable cost and expense, which may adversely affect ChargePoint s revenue, cost of goods and gross margins. 
 If ChargePoint experiences a significant increase in demand for its charging stations in future periods, or if it needs to replace an existing supplier, it may not be possible to supplement or replace them on acceptable terms, which may undermine its ability to deliver products to customers in a timely manner. For example, it may take a significant amount of time to identify a manufacturer that has the capability and resources to build charging stations in sufficient volume. Identifying suitable suppliers and manufacturers could be an extensive process that requires ChargePoint to become satisfied with such party s quality control, technical capabilities, responsiveness and service, financial stability, regulatory compliance, and labor and other ethical practices. Accordingly, a loss of any significant suppliers or manufacturers could have an adverse effect on ChargePoint s business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, ChargePoint s suppliers may face supply chain risks and constraints of their own, which may impact the availability and pricing of its products. For example, supply chain challenges related to global chip shortages have impacted companies worldwide both within and outside of ChargePoint s industry and may continue to have adverse effects on ChargePoint s suppliers and, as a result, ChargePoint. 
 In addition, in fiscal year 2023, ChargePoint became subject to requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act to diligence, disclose and report whether or not its products contain minerals originating from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries, or conflict minerals. ChargePoint will incur additional costs to comply with these disclosure requirements, including costs related to determining the source of any of the relevant minerals and metals used in ChargePoint s products. These requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in the components used in ChargePoint s products. It is also possible that ChargePoint s reputation may be adversely affected if it determines that certain of its products contain minerals not determined to be conflict-free or if it is unable to alter its products, processes or sources of supply to avoid use of such materials. ChargePoint may also encounter end-customers who require that all of the components of the products be certified as conflict free. If ChargePoint is not able to meet this requirement, such end-customers may choose to purchase products from a different company. 
 ChargePoint s business is subject to risks associated with construction, cost overruns and delays, and other contingencies that may arise in the course of completing installations, and such risks may increase in the future as ChargePoint expands the scope of such services with other parties. 
 ChargePoint does not typically install charging stations at customer sites. These installations are typically performed by ChargePoint partners or electrical contractors with an existing relationship with the customer and/or knowledge of the site. The installation of charging stations at a particular site is generally subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with state and local laws and ordinances relating to building codes, safety, environmental protection and related matters, and typically requires various local and other governmental approvals and permits that may vary by jurisdiction. In addition, building codes, accessibility requirements or regulations may hinder EV charger installation because they end up costing the developer or installer more in order to meet the code requirements. Meaningful delays or cost overruns may impact ChargePoint s recognition of revenue in certain cases and/or impact customer relationships, either of which could impact ChargePoint s business and profitability. In addition, the proper preparation, configuration and installation of charging stations requires specialized electrical certifications and skills. If ChargePoint is unable to identify sufficient partners and contractors to satisfy its customers installation needs, specifically electricians and construction partners 
 18 

Table of Content 

 with sufficient skill and expertise installing charging stations, it may delay deployment projects or cause its customers to delay making an investment or commitment to purchase charging stations, which may adversely affect ChargePoint s business. 
 Furthermore, ChargePoint may in the future elect to install charging stations at customer sites or manage contractors, likely as part of offering customers a turnkey solution. Working with contractors may require ChargePoint to obtain licenses or require it or its customers to comply with additional rules, working conditions and other union requirements, which can add costs and complexity to an installation project. In addition, if these contractors are unable to provide timely, thorough and quality installation-related services, customers could fall behind their construction schedules leading to liability of ChargePoint, or cause customers to become dissatisfied with the solutions ChargePoint offers and ChargePoint s overall reputation would be harmed. 
 Acquisitions or strategic investments could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of key management personnel, disrupt ChargePoint s business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 
 As part of ChargePoint s business strategy, ChargePoint has made and continues to consider making acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, services or technologies that are complementary to its existing business. For example, on August 11, 2021, ChargePoint acquired ViriCiti B.V. ViriCiti ), a provider of electrification solutions for eBus and commercial fleets, and on October 6, 2021, ChargePoint acquired has to be gmbh HTB ), an e-mobility and charging software platform. The process of identifying and consummating acquisitions and investments and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into ChargePoint s own business, requires attention from management and could result in a diversion of resources from its existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on its operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the expected financial results. Acquisitions or investments could also result in the use of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business or investment. ChargePoint may also incur costs and management time on transactions that are ultimately not completed. In addition, ChargePoint s due diligence may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired business, product, technology or investment, including issues related to intellectual property, product quality or product architecture, regulatory compliance practices, revenue recognition or other accounting practices or issues with employees or customers. 
 ChargePoint s acquisitions or investments may not ultimately strengthen its competitive position or achieve its goals and business strategy; ChargePoint may be subject to claims or liabilities assumed from an acquired company, product or technology; acquisitions or investments ChargePoint completes could be viewed negatively by its customers, investors and securities analysts; and ChargePoint may incur costs and expenses necessary to address an acquired company s failure to comply with laws and governmental rules and regulations. Additionally, ChargePoint may be subject to litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, former stockholders or other third parties, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks ChargePoint s business faces of similar litigation or other claims. An acquired company may also need to implement or improve its controls, procedures and policies, and ChargePoint may face risks associated if any of those controls, procedures or policies are insufficiently effective. ChargePoint may also face retention or cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into its organization. If ChargePoint is unsuccessful at integrating acquisitions or investments in a timely manner, the revenue and operating results of the combined company could be adversely affected. Any integration process may require significant time and resources, which may disrupt ChargePoint s ongoing business and divert management s attention, and ChargePoint may not be able to manage the integration process successfully or in a timely manner. ChargePoint may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or personnel, realize anticipated synergies from the acquisition or investment, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition or investment transaction or the related integration of such acquisition or investment, including accounting charges and any potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets recognized in connection with such transaction. ChargePoint may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity or equity-linked securities to pay for any acquisitions or investments, each of which could adversely affect its financial condition or the market price of its Common Stock. Furthermore, the sale of equity or issuance of equity-linked debt to finance any such transaction could result in dilution to ChargePoint s stockholders. The occurrence of any of these risks could harm ChargePoint s business, operating results and financial condition. 
 If ChargePoint is unable to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management, technical, engineering and sales personnel, its ability to compete and successfully grow its business would be harmed. 
 ChargePoint s success depends, in part, on its continuing ability to identify, hire, attract, train and develop and retain highly qualified personnel. The inability to do so effectively would adversely affect its business. For example, in fiscal year 2023, ChargePoint s Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Technology Officer resigned and ChargePoint hired a new Chief Operating Officer. ChargePoint s future performance depends on the continued services and continuing contributions of its senior management to execute on its business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of services of senior management, or the ineffective management of any leadership transitions, especially within ChargePoint s sales organization, could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of its development and strategic objectives, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Competition for employees can be intense, particularly in Silicon Valley where ChargePoint is headquartered, and the ability to attract, hire and retain them depends on ChargePoint s ability to provide competitive compensation. In addition, job market dynamics have been impacted by the great resignation, with a significant number of people leaving the workforce, and future challenges related to ChargePoint s return-to-office plans, hybrid work model or workplace practices could lead to attrition and difficulty attracting high-quality employees. ChargePoint may not be able to attract, assimilate, develop or retain qualified personnel in the future, and failure to do so could adversely affect its business, including the execution of its global business strategy. 
 19 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint is expanding operations internationally, particularly in Europe, which will expose it to additional tax, compliance, market and other risks. 
 ChargePoint s primary operations are in the United States and it maintains contractual relationships with parts and manufacturing suppliers in the Asia-Pacific region, Mexico and other locations. Also, ChargePoint is continuing to invest to increase its presence in Europe, including by its acquisitions of ViriCiti and HTB, and to expand primarily research and development teams in Gurgaon, India, Reading, England and Radstadt, Austria. Managing these expansions requires additional resources and controls, and could subject ChargePoint to risks associated with international operations, including: 
 cost of alternative power sources, which could vary meaningfully outside the United States; 
 conformity with applicable business customs, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; 
 lack of availability of government incentives and subsidies; 
 challenges in arranging, and availability of, financing for customers; 
 potential changes to its established business model; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations in an environment of diverse culture, laws, and customers, and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal and compliance costs associated with international operations; 
 installation challenges; 
 differing driving habits and transportation modalities in other markets; 
 different levels of demand among commercial, fleet and residential customers; 
 compliance with multiple, potentially conflicting and changing governmental laws, regulations, certifications, and permitting processes including environmental, banking, employment, tax, information security, privacy, and data protection laws and regulations such as the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA and newer state privacy laws in the United States, the European Union (the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), national legislation implementing the same, the United Kingdom Data Protection Act 2018 UK GDPR ), and certain other changing requirements for legally transferring data out of the European Economic Area; 
 compliance with U.S. and foreign anti-bribery laws including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act of 2020 (the Anti-Bribery Act 
 conforming products to various international regulatory and safety requirements as well as charging and other electric infrastructures; 
 difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 difficulties in collecting payments in foreign currencies and associated foreign currency exposure; 
 restrictions on repatriation of earnings; 
 compliance with potentially conflicting and changing laws of taxing jurisdictions and compliance with applicable U.S. tax laws as they relate to international operations, the complexity and adverse consequences of such tax laws, and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in such tax laws; and 
 regional economic and political conditions, including the outbreak of war or other hostilities. 
 As a result of these risks, ChargePoint s current expansion efforts and any potential future international expansion efforts may not be successful. 
 Some members of ChargePoint s management have limited experience in operating a public company. 
 Some of ChargePoint s executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly-traded company. The management team may not successfully or effectively continue the management of a public company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws, particularly in light of the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC increasing focus on former shell companies. 
 Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities, which will result in less time being devoted to the management and growth of ChargePoint. ChargePoint may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level 
 20 

Table of Content 

 of knowledge, experience and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal control over financial reporting required of public companies. The development and implementation of the standards and controls and the hiring of experienced personnel necessary to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company may require greater costs than expected. 
 ChargePoint s future revenue growth will depend in significant part on its ability to increase sales of its products and services to fleet operators. 
 ChargePoint s future revenue growth will depend in significant part on its ability to increase sales of its products and services to fleet operators. The electrification of fleets is an emerging market, and fleet operators may not adopt EVs on a widespread basis and on the timelines ChargePoint anticipates. In addition to the factors affecting the growth of the EV market generally, transitioning to an EV fleet can be costly and capital intensive, which could result in slower than anticipated adoption. The sales cycle could also be longer for sales to fleet operators, as they are often larger organizations, with more formal procurement processes than smaller commercial site hosts. Fleet operators may also require significant additional services and support, and if ChargePoint is unable to provide such services and support, it may adversely affect its ability to attract additional fleet operators as customers. Any failure to attract and retain fleet operators as customers in the future would adversely affect ChargePoint s business and results of operations. 
 ChargePoint faces risks related to global epidemics and health pandemics which could have a material and adverse effect on its business and results of operations. 
 ChargePoint faces risks related to global epidemics and health pandemics, like the COVID-19 pandemic, which may create significant volatility in the global economy and may have a long-lasting adverse impact on ChargePoint and its industry. For instance, such epidemics may cause local, regional or national governments to implement measures to contain pandemic risks, such as travel restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place order or business shutdowns. Any of these measures may adversely affect ChargePoint s employees and operations and the operations of its customers, suppliers, vendors and business partners, and may negatively impact demand for EV charging stations, particularly at workplaces, or the supply of components necessary for the manufacture of charging stations. 
 For example, during calendar years 2020, 2021, and 2022, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, ChargePoint modified its business practices by recommending that all non-essential personnel work from home and cancelling or reducing physical participation in sales activities, meetings, events and conferences. As a result, many non-essential ChargePoint personnel have been working from home for almost three years in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. In May 2022, ChargePoint commenced a return-to-office plan, which included shifting to a hybrid model where employees have the flexibility to work from home or from the office. In the fall of 2022, ChargePoint further refined its hybrid model to require most employees to return to office at least two days a week. A hybrid work model may create challenges, including challenges maintaining ChargePoint s corporate culture, increasing attrition or limiting ChargePoint s ability to attract employees if individuals prefer to continue working full time at home, or if there are instances of COVID-19 infections at the office. Future challenges related to ChargePoint s return-to-office plans, hybrid work model or workplace practices could lead to attrition and difficulty attracting high-quality employees. 
 The effect of future health pandemics and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on ChargePoint s business, prospects and results of operations will depend on their duration and sustained impact. Difficult macroeconomic conditions, such as supply shortages, increased inflation, increased and prolonged unemployment or a decline in consumer confidence as a result of pandemics, as well as reduced spending by businesses, could have a material adverse effect on the demand for ChargePoint s products and services. The effect of, or even the threats of, a new global pandemic can also vary over time and across the geographies in which ChargePoint operates. For example, variations in work-from-home or return-to-office policies can cause fluctuations in ChargePoint s revenues because conditions caused by global pandemics, such as more permanent work-from-home policies, are likely to continue affecting the rate of global infrastructure spending, and thus to continue to adversely impact ChargePoint s gross margins as ChargePoint s commercial business tends to contribute higher gross margins than its residential and fleet businesses. Even after the acute impact from any pandemic has subsided, ChargePoint may continue to experience an adverse impact to its business as a result of the pandemic s global economic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. 
 ChargePoint is highly reliant on its networked charging solution and information technology systems and data, and those of its service providers and component suppliers, any of which systems and data may be subject to cyber-attacks, service disruptions or other security incidents, which could result in data breaches, loss or interruption of services, intellectual property theft, claims, litigation, regulatory investigations, significant liability, reputational damage and other adverse consequences. 
 ChargePoint continues to expand its information technology systems in the form of its networked charging solution, and as its operations grow, its internal information technology systems, such as product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. This includes the implementation of new internally developed systems and the deployment of such systems in the United States and abroad. The implementation, maintenance, segregation and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost, and there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding ChargePoint s core systems as well as implementing new systems and updating current systems, including disruptions to the related areas of business operations. These risks may affect ChargePoint s ability to manage its data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service products, adequately protect its intellectual property or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. 
 21 

Table of Content 

 While ChargePoint maintains information technology measures designed to protect it against intellectual property theft, data breaches, sabotage and other external or internal cyber-attacks or misappropriation, its systems and those of its service providers are potentially vulnerable to malware, ransomware, viruses, denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, social engineering, computer hacking, unauthorized access, exploitation of bugs, defects and vulnerabilities, breakdowns, damage, interruptions, system malfunctions, power outages, terrorism, acts of vandalism, security breaches, security incidents, inadvertent or intentional actions by employees or other third parties, and other cyber-attacks. To the extent any security incident results in unauthorized access or damage to or acquisition, use, corruption, loss, destruction, alteration or dissemination of ChargePoint data, including intellectual property and personal information, or ChargePoint products, or for it to be believed or reported that any of these occurred, it could disrupt ChargePoint s business, harm its reputation, compel it to comply with applicable data breach notification laws, subject it to time consuming, distracting and expensive litigation, regulatory investigation and oversight, mandatory corrective action, require it to verify the correctness of database contents, or otherwise subject it to liability under laws, regulations and contractual obligations, including those that protect the privacy and security of personal information. This could result in increased costs to ChargePoint and result in significant legal and financial exposure and/or reputational harm. 
 Because ChargePoint also relies on third-party service providers, it cannot guarantee that its service providers and component suppliers systems have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities that could result in a security incident, or other disruption to, ChargePoint s or ChargePoint s service providers or component suppliers systems. ChargePoint s ability to monitor its service providers and component suppliers security measures is limited, and, in any event, malicious third parties may be able to circumvent those security measures. 
 If ChargePoint does not successfully implement, maintain or expand its information technology systems as planned, its operations may be disrupted, its ability to accurately and/or timely report its financial results could be impaired and deficiencies may arise in its internal control over financial reporting, which may impact its ability to certify its financial results (see also Risks Related to Legal Matters and Regulations--ChargePoint may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and the restatement of its financial statements, and Financial, Tax and Accounting-Related Risks--ChargePoint has identified, and has previously identified, material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. If ChargePoint is unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if ChargePoint identifies additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, this may result in material misstatements contained within ChargePoint s consolidated financial statements or cause ChargePoint to fail to meet its periodic reporting obligations, for more detail). Moreover, ChargePoint s proprietary information, including intellectual property and personal information, could be compromised or misappropriated, its reputation may be adversely affected if these systems or their functionality do not operate as expected and ChargePoint may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions. 
 Computer malware, viruses, ransomware, hacking, phishing attacks and similar disruptions could result in security and privacy breaches and interruption in service, which could harm ChargePoint s business. 
 Computer malware, viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions could lead to interruption and delays in ChargePoint s services and operations and loss, misuse or theft of data. Computer malware, viruses, ransomware, hacking and phishing attacks against online networks have become more prevalent and may occur on ChargePoint s systems in the future. Cyber security organizations in many countries have published warnings of increased cybersecurity threats to U.S. businesses, and external events, like the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, may increase the likelihood of cybersecurity attacks, particularly directed at energy, fueling or infrastructure service providers. Any attempts by cyber attackers to disrupt ChargePoint s services or systems, if successful, could harm its business, introduce liability to data subjects, result in the misappropriation of funds, be expensive to remedy, subject ChargePoint to substantial fines, penalties, damages and other liabilities under applicable laws and regulations, lead to a loss of protection of its intellectual property or trade secrets and damage its reputation or brand. Insurance may not be sufficient to cover significant expenses and losses related to cyber-attacks. Efforts to prevent cyber attackers from entering computer systems are expensive to implement, and ChargePoint may not be able to cause the implementation or enforcement of such preventions with respect to its third-party vendors. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of systems and technical infrastructure may, in addition to other losses, harm ChargePoint s reputation, brand and ability to attract customers. 
 ChargePoint has previously experienced, and may in the future experience, service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, third-party service providers, component supplier and manufacturer disruptions, human or software errors and capacity constraints. If ChargePoint s services are unavailable when users attempt to access them, they may seek other services, which could reduce demand for ChargePoint s solutions from target customers. 
 ChargePoint has processes and procedures in place designed to enable it to quickly recover from a disaster or catastrophe and continue business operations and has tested this capability under controlled circumstances. However, there are several factors ranging from human error to data corruption that could materially impact the efficacy of such processes and procedures, including by lengthening the time services are partially or fully unavailable to customers and users. It may be difficult or impossible to perform some or all recovery steps and continue normal business operations due to the nature of a particular disaster or catastrophe, especially during peak periods, which could cause additional reputational damages, or loss of revenue, any of which could adversely affect its business and financial results. 
 22 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint s business is subject to risks associated with natural disasters and the adverse effects associated with climate change, including earthquakes, wildfires, or other types of natural disasters or resource shortages, including public safety power shut-offs that have occurred and may continue to occur in California, the effects of which could disrupt and harm its operations and those of ChargePoint s customers. 
 ChargePoint conducts a majority of its operations in the San Francisco Bay Area in an area projected to be vulnerable to future water scarcity and sea level rise due to climate change as well as in an active earthquake zone. The occurrence of a natural disaster such as an earthquake, drought, flood, fire (such as the increasingly frequent wildfires in California), localized extended outages of critical utilities (such as California s public safety power shut-offs) or transportation systems, or any critical resource shortages could cause a significant interruption in its business, damage or destroy ChargePoint s facilities or inventories, and cause it to incur significant costs, any of which could harm its business, financial condition and results of operations. The insurance ChargePoint maintains against fires, earthquakes and other natural disasters may not be adequate to cover losses in any particular case. 
 In addition, rolling public safety power shut-offs in California or other states can affect user acceptance of EVs, as charging may be unavailable at the desired times, or at all during these events. These shut-offs could also affect the ability of fleet operators to charge their EVs, which, for example, could adversely affect transportation schedules or any service level agreements to which either ChargePoint or the fleet operator may be a party. If these events persist, the demand for EVs could decline, which would result in reduced demand for charging solutions. 
 Seasonality may cause fluctuations in ChargePoint s revenue. 
 ChargePoint believes there are seasonal factors that may cause ChargePoint to record higher revenue in some quarters compared with others. A significant share of ChargePoint s annual revenues are typically generated in the fourth fiscal quarter, which coincides with customers with a December 31 year-end choosing to spend remaining unused portions of their budgets. ChargePoint s revenues have historically been lower in its first fiscal quarter than its preceding fourth quarter, due to, in part, unfavorable weather conditions which result in a decrease in construction activity during the winter months, periods of wet weather and times when other weather and climate conditions would impair construction activity. While ChargePoint believes it has visibility into the seasonality of its business, various factors, including difficult weather conditions (such as flooding, hurricanes, prolonged rain or periods of unseasonably cold temperatures or snowstorms) in any quarter, may materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 ChargePoint is susceptible to risks associated with an increased focus by stakeholders and regulators on climate change, which may adversely affect its business and results of operations. 
 Climate-related events, including the increasing frequency of extreme weather events and their impact on critical infrastructure in the United States and elsewhere, have the potential to disrupt ChargePoint s business and those of its third-party suppliers, and customers, and may cause ChargePoint to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. In addition, ChargePoint s customers may begin to establish sourcing requirements related to sustainability. As a result, ChargePoint may receive requests for sustainability related information about its products, business operations, use of sustainable materials and packaging. ChargePoint s inability to comply with these and other sustainability requirements in the future could adversely affect sales of and demand for its products. 
 Further, there is an increased focus, including by governmental and nongovernmental organizations, investors, customers, and other stakeholders, on climate change matters, including increased pressure to expand disclosures related to the physical and transition risks related to climate change or to establish sustainability goals, such as the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, which could expose ChargePoint to market, operational and execution costs or risks. ChargePoint s failure to establish such sustainability targets or targets that are perceived to be appropriate, as well as to achieve progress on those targets on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect the reputation of its brand and sales of and demand for its products. To the extent legislation is passed, such as proposed rules by the SEC with respect to enhanced and standardized climate-related disclosures, ChargePoint would incur significant additional costs of compliance due to the need for expanded data collection, analysis, and certification with respect to greenhouse gas emissions and other climate change related risks. ChargePoint may also incur additional costs or require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with such stakeholder expectations and standards and legislation, and to meet climate change targets and commitments if established. 
 Risks Related to the EV Market 
 ChargePoint s future growth and success is highly correlated with and thus dependent upon the continuing rapid adoption of EVs for passenger and fleet applications. 
 ChargePoint s future growth is highly dependent upon the adoption of EVs by businesses and consumers. The market for EVs is still rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, competitive pricing and competitive factors, evolving government regulation and industry standards and changing consumer demands and behaviors, changing levels of concern related to environmental issues and governmental initiatives related to energy independence, climate change and the environment generally. Although demand for EVs has grown in recent years, there is no guarantee of continuing future demand. If the market for EVs develops more slowly than 
 23 

Table of Content 

 expected, or if demand for EVs decreases, ChargePoint s business, prospects, financial condition and operating results would be harmed. The market for EVs could be affected by numerous factors, such as: 
 perceptions about EV features, quality, safety, performance and cost; 
 perceptions about the limited range over which EVs may be driven on a single battery charge; 
 competition, including from other types of alternative fuel vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and high fuel-economy internal combustion engine vehicles; 
 volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline, including as a result of trade restrictions; 
 concerns regarding the reliability and stability of the electrical grid; 
 the change in an EV battery s ability to hold a charge over time; 
 the availability and reliability of a national electric vehicle charging network or infrastructure; 
 availability of maintenance and repair services for EVs; 
 consumers perception about the convenience and cost of charging EVs; 
 increases in fuel efficiency of non-electric vehicles; 
 government regulations and economic incentives, including adverse changes in, or expiration of, favorable tax incentives related to EVs, EV charging stations or decarbonization generally; 
 relaxation of government mandates or quotas regarding the sale of EVs; and 
 concerns about the future viability of EV manufacturers. 
 In addition, sales of vehicles in the automotive industry can be cyclical, which may affect growth in acceptance of EVs. It is uncertain how macroeconomic factors will impact demand for EVs, particularly since EVs can be more expensive than traditional gasoline-powered vehicles, when the automotive industry globally has been experiencing a recent decline in sales. Furthermore, because fleet operators often make large purchases of EVs, this cyclicality and volatility in the automotive industry may be more pronounced with commercial purchasers, and any significant decline in demand from these customers could reduce demand for EV charging and ChargePoint s products and services in particular. 
 Demand for EVs may also be affected by factors directly impacting automobile prices or the cost of purchasing and operating automobiles, such as sales and financing incentives, prices of raw materials and parts and components, cost of fuel and governmental regulations, including tariffs, import regulation and other taxes. Further, the automotive industry in general and EV manufacturing have experienced recent substantial supply chain interruptions due in part to COVID-19 and a worldwide semiconductor shortage adversely impacting the automotive industry, resulting in reduced EV production schedules and sales. Volatility in demand or delays in EV production due to global supply chain constraints may lead to lower vehicle unit sales, which may result in reduced demand for EV charging solutions and therefore adversely affect ChargePoint s business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The EV market currently benefits from the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives from governments, utilities and others to offset the purchase or operating costs of EVs and EV charging stations. In particular, ChargePoint s marketing efforts have historically promoted federal tax credits available to purchasers of its EV charging stations that effectively provide purchasers with a significantly discounted purchase price. The reduction, modification, or elimination of such benefits could cause reduced demand for EVs and EV charging stations, which would adversely affect ChargePoint s financial results. 
 The U.S. federal government, foreign governments and some state and local governments provide incentives to end users and purchasers of EVs and EV charging stations in the form of rebates, tax credits and regulations like clean fuel programs, which can provide other financial incentives. The EV market benefits from these governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives to significantly lower the effective price of EVs and EV charging stations to customers. For example, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act signed into law on November 15, 2021 provided additional funding for EVs and EV charging infrastructure through the creation of new programs and grants and the expansion of existing programs, including 7.5 billion for EV charging along highway corridors. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 signed into law on August 16, 2022 includes numerous incentives and tax credits aimed at reducing the effects of climate change, such as the extension of EV charging infrastructure tax credits under Section 30C and tax credits for EVs under Section 30D of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code through 2032. However, these incentives may expire on a particular date, end when the allocated funding is exhausted, or be reduced or terminated as a matter of regulatory or legislative policy. Any other reduction in rebates, tax credits or other financial incentives for EVs or EV charging stations could materially reduce the demand for EVs and ChargePoint s solutions and, as a result, may adversely impact ChargePoint s business and expansion potential. 
 24 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint also derives other revenue as set forth on its consolidated statements of operations from regulatory credits. If government support of these credits declines, ChargePoint s ability to generate this other revenue in the future would be adversely affected. In years prior to fiscal year 2021, ChargePoint has derived a slight majority of its other revenue from regulatory credits. However, revenue from this source as a percentage of other and total revenue has declined in recent quarters and it may continue to decline over time. Further, the availability of such credits may decline even with general governmental support of the transition to EV infrastructure. 
 Changes to fuel economy standards or the success of alternative fuels may negatively impact the EV market and thus the demand for ChargePoint s products and services. 
 As regulations have required an increase in the mileage capabilities of cars, consumption of renewable transportation fuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel, and the prevalence of other alternative vehicles has been increasing. If fuel efficiency of non-electric vehicles continues to rise, whether as the result of regulations or otherwise, and affordability of vehicles using renewable transportation fuels improves, the demand for electric vehicles could diminish. In addition, the EV fueling model is different than gas or other fuel models, requiring behavior change and education of influencers, consumers and others such as regulatory bodies. Developments in alternative technologies, such as advanced diesel, ethanol, fuel cells or compressed natural gas, or improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine, may materially and adversely affect demand for EVs and EV charging stations. For example, fuel which is abundant and relatively inexpensive in the United States, such as compressed natural gas, may emerge as a preferred alternative to petroleum-based propulsion. Regulatory bodies may also adopt rules that substantially favor certain alternatives to petroleum-based propulsion over others, which may not necessarily be EVs, or may adopt rules to eliminate, modify or reduce penalties or incentives to maintain minimum fuel economy standards. Any of these changes may impose additional obstacles to the purchase of EVs or the development of a more ubiquitous EV market. If any of the above influence consumers or businesses to no longer purchase EVs or purchase them at a lower rate, it would materially and adversely affect ChargePoint s business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 The EV charging market is characterized by rapid technological changes often due to technical improvements, regulatory requirements and customer requirements, which requires ChargePoint to continue to develop new products and product innovations. Any delays in such development could adversely affect market adoption of its products and ChargePoint s financial results. 
 Continuing technological changes in battery and other EV technologies could adversely affect adoption of current EV charging technology and/or ChargePoint s products. ChargePoint s future success will depend upon its ability to develop and introduce a variety of new capabilities and innovations to its existing product offerings, as well as introduce a variety of new product offerings, to address the changing needs of the EV charging market. As new products are introduced, gross margins tend to decline in the near term and improve as the product becomes more mature with a more efficient manufacturing process. 
 As EV technologies change or governmental regulations impose new requirements on EV charging technology, ChargePoint may need to upgrade or adapt its charging station technology and introduce new products and services in order to serve vehicles that have the latest technology, in particular battery cell technology, or comply with new governmental regulations, which could involve substantial costs. Even if ChargePoint is able to keep pace with changes in technology and develop new products and services, its research and development expenses could increase, its gross margins could be adversely affected in some periods and its prior products could become obsolete or non-compliant with governmental regulations more quickly than expected. ChargePoint may also incur additional costs and expenses related to new product transitions such as adverse impacts due to supply chain failures to procure sufficient new product components, purchase price variances, or inventory obsolescence costs related to new product transitions, including as the result of any failure on the part of ChargePoint to meet its own estimates and projections. ChargePoint cannot guarantee that any new products will be released in a timely manner, or at all, or achieve market acceptance. Delays in delivering new products that meet customer requirements could damage ChargePoint s relationships with customers and lead them to seek alternative providers. Delays in introducing products and innovations or the failure to offer innovative products or services at competitive prices may cause existing and potential customers to purchase ChargePoint s competitors products or services. Finally, new or changing state or federal regulations may result in delays related to the development of new products or modifications to existing products in order to come into compliance and any such delays may result in customer s selecting alternative providers or result in delays related to ChargePoint s ability to install, sell or distribute its charging station technology. 
 If ChargePoint is unable to devote adequate resources to develop products or cannot otherwise successfully develop products or services that meet customer and regulatory requirements on a timely basis or that remain competitive with technological alternatives, its products and services could lose market share, its revenue may decline, it may experience higher operating losses and its business and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Certain statements ChargePoint makes about estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. 
 From time to time, ChargePoint makes statements with estimates of the addressable market for ChargePoint s solutions and the EV market in general. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts, whether obtained from third-party sources or developed internally, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate. This is especially so at the present time due to the uncertainties associated with worldwide supply chain disruptions, macroeconomic effects of inflation, rising interest rates, adverse conditions in the financial services industry and market and geopolitical volatility. The estimates and forecasts relating to the size and expected growth of the target EV market, market demand and adoption, capacity to address this 
 25 

Table of Content 

 demand and pricing may also prove to be inaccurate. In particular, estimates regarding the current and projected EV market opportunity are difficult to predict. The estimated addressable EV market may not materialize for many years, if ever, and even if the markets meet the size estimates and growth forecasts, ChargePoint s business could fail to grow at similar rates. 
 Risks Related to ChargePoint s Technology, Intellectual Property and Infrastructure 
 ChargePoint s business may be adversely affected if it is unable to protect its technology and intellectual property from unauthorized use by third parties. 
 ChargePoint s success depends, at least in part, on ChargePoint s ability to obtain, maintain, enforce and protect its core technology and intellectual property. To accomplish this, ChargePoint relies on, and plans to continue relying on, a combination of patents, trade secrets (including know-how), employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, copyright, trademarks, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights to retain ownership of, and protect, its technology. Despite ChargePoint s efforts to obtain, maintain, enforce and protect intellectual property rights, there can be no assurance that these steps will be available in all cases or will be adequate to prevent ChargePoint s competitors or other third-parties from copying, reverse engineering, or otherwise obtaining and using its technology or products or seeking court declarations that they do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate its intellectual property. Failure to adequately protect its technology and intellectual property could result in competitors offering similar products, potentially resulting in the loss of some of ChargePoint s competitive advantage and a decrease in revenue which would adversely affect its business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 The measures ChargePoint takes to protect its technology intellectual property from unauthorized use by others may not be effective for various reasons, including the following: 
 any patent applications ChargePoint submits may not result in the issuance of patents; 
 the scope of issued patents may not be broad enough to protect its inventions and proprietary rights; 
 any issued patents may be challenged by competitors and/or invalidated by courts or governmental authorities; 
 ChargePoint may not be the first inventor of the subject matter to which it has filed a particular patent application, and it may not be the first party to file such a patent application; 
 Patents have a finite term, and competitors and other third-parties may offer identical or similar products after the expiration of ChargePoint s patents that cover such products; 
 the costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention agreements or other intellectual property rights may make aggressive enforcement impracticable; 
 current and future competitors may circumvent patents or independently develop similar trade secrets or works of authorship, such as software; 
 know-how and other proprietary information ChargePoint purports to hold as a trade secret may not qualify as a trade secret under applicable laws; 
 ChargePoint s employees, contractors or business partners may breach their confidentiality, non-disclosure, and non-use obligations; and 
 proprietary designs and technology embodied in ChargePoint s products may be discoverable by third-parties through means that do not constitute violations of applicable laws. 
 Patent, trademark, and trade secret laws vary significantly throughout the world. Some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Further, policing the unauthorized use of ChargePoint s intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions may be difficult or impossible. Therefore, ChargePoint s intellectual property rights may not be as strong or as easily enforced outside of the United States. 
 Certain patents in the EV space may come to be considered standards essential. If this is the case with respect to any of ChargePoint s patents, it may be required to license certain technology on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, decreasing revenue. Further, competitors, vendors, or customers may, in certain instances, be free to create variations or derivative works of ChargePoint technology and intellectual property, and those derivative works may become directly competitive with ChargePoint s offerings. Finally, ChargePoint may not be able to leverage, or obtain ownership of, all technology and intellectual property developed by ChargePoint s vendors in connection with design and manufacture of ChargePoint s products, thereby jeopardizing ChargePoint s ability to obtain a competitive advantage over its competitors. 
 It is ChargePoint s policy to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with its employees and contractors that have developed material intellectual property for ChargePoint, but these agreements may not be self-executing and may not 
 26 

Table of Content 

 otherwise adequately protect ChargePoint s intellectual property, particularly with respect to conflicts of ownership relating to work product generated by employees and contractors. Furthermore, ChargePoint cannot be certain that these agreements will not be breached, and that third-parties will not gain access to its trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary technology. Third-parties may also independently develop the same or substantially similar proprietary technology. Monitoring unauthorized use of ChargePoint s intellectual property is difficult and costly, as are the steps ChargePoint has taken or will take to prevent misappropriation. 
 To prevent unauthorized use of ChargePoint s intellectual property, it may be necessary to prosecute actions for infringement, misappropriation or other violation of ChargePoint s intellectual property against third-parties. Any such action could result in significant costs and diversion of ChargePoint s resources and management s attention, and there can be no assurance that ChargePoint will be successful in any such action. Furthermore, many of ChargePoint s current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights than ChargePoint does. Accordingly, ChargePoint may not be able to prevent third-parties from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating its intellectual property. Any of the foregoing may adversely affect ChargePoint s revenues or results of operations. 
 ChargePoint expects to incur research and development costs and devote significant resources to developing new products, which could significantly reduce its profitability and may never result in revenue to ChargePoint. 
 ChargePoint s future growth depends on penetrating new markets, adapting existing products to new applications and customer requirements, and introducing new products that achieve market acceptance. ChargePoint plans to incur significant research and development costs in the future as part of its efforts to design, develop, manufacture and introduce new products and enhance existing products. ChargePoint s research and development expenses were 195.0 million, 145.0 million, and 75.0 million during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are likely to grow in the future. Further, ChargePoint s research and development program may not produce successful results, and its new products may not achieve market acceptance, create additional revenue or become profitable. 
 ChargePoint may need to defend against intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims, which may be time-consuming and expensive. 
 From time to time, the holders of intellectual property rights may assert their rights and urge ChargePoint to enter into licenses, and/or may bring suits alleging infringement, misappropriation or other violation of such rights. There can be no assurance that ChargePoint will be able to mitigate the risk of potential suits or other legal demands by competitors or other third-parties. Accordingly, ChargePoint may consider entering into licensing agreements with respect to such rights, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur, and such licenses and associated litigation could significantly increase ChargePoint s operating expenses. In addition, if ChargePoint is determined to have or believes there is a high likelihood that it has infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise violated a third-party s intellectual property rights, it may be required to cease making, selling or incorporating certain key components or intellectual property into the products and services it offers, to pay substantial damages and/or royalties, to redesign its products and services, and/or to establish and maintain alternative branding. In addition, to the extent that ChargePoint s customers and business partners become the subject of any allegation or claim regarding the infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights related to ChargePoint s products and services, ChargePoint may be required to indemnify such customers and business partners. If ChargePoint were required to take one or more such actions, its business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management attention. 
 The current lack of international standards may lead to uncertainty, additional competition and further unexpected costs. 
 Lack of industry standards for EV station management, coupled with utilities and other large organizations mandating their own adoption of specifications that have not become widely adopted in the industry, may hinder innovation or slow new product or new feature introduction. 
 In addition, automobile manufacturers may choose to utilize their own proprietary systems, which could lock out competition for EV charging stations, or to use their size and market position to influence the market, which could limit ChargePoint s market and reach to customers, negatively impacting its business. 
 Further, should regulatory bodies later impose a standard that is not compatible with ChargePoint s infrastructure, it may incur significant costs to adapt its business model to the new regulatory standard, which may require significant time and, as a result, may have a material and adverse effect on its revenue or results of operations. 
 ChargePoint s technology could have undetected defects, errors or bugs in hardware or software which could reduce market adoption, damage its reputation with current or prospective customers, and/or expose it to product liability and other claims that could materially and adversely affect its business. 
 ChargePoint may be subject to claims that charging stations have malfunctioned and persons were injured or purported to be injured. Any insurance that ChargePoint carries may not be sufficient or it may not apply to all situations. Similarly, to the extent that such malfunctions are related to components obtained from third-party vendors, such vendors may not assume responsibility for such 
 27 

Table of Content 

 malfunctions. In addition, ChargePoint s customers could be subjected to claims as a result of such incidents and may bring legal claims against ChargePoint to attempt to hold it liable. Any of these events could adversely affect ChargePoint s brand, relationships with customers, operating results or financial condition. 
 Furthermore, ChargePoint s software platform is complex, developed for over a decade by many developers, and includes a number of licensed third-party commercial and open-source software libraries. ChargePoint s software has contained defects and errors and may in the future contain undetected defects or errors. ChargePoint is continuing to evolve the features and functionality of its platform through updates and enhancements, and as it does, it may introduce additional defects or errors that may not be detected until after deployment to customers. In addition, if ChargePoint s products and services, including any updates or patches, are not implemented or used correctly or as intended, inadequate performance and disruptions in service may result. 
 Any defects or errors in product or services offerings, or the perception of such defects or errors, or other performance problems could result in any of the following, each of which could adversely affect ChargePoint s business and results of its operations: 
 expenditure of significant financial and product development resources, including recalls, in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate or work around errors or defects; 
 loss of existing or potential customers or partners; 
 interruptions or delays in sales; 
 delayed or lost revenue; 
 delay or failure to attain market acceptance; 
 delay in the development or release of new functionality or improvements; 
 negative publicity and reputational harm; 
 sales credits or refunds; 
 exposure of confidential or proprietary information; 
 diversion of development and customer service resources; 
 breach of warranty claims; 
 legal claims under applicable laws, rules and regulations; and 
 an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation. 
 Although ChargePoint has contractual protections, such as warranty disclaimers and limitation of liability provisions, in many of its agreements with customers, resellers and other business partners, such protections may not be uniformly implemented in all contracts and, where implemented, may not fully or effectively protect it from claims by customers, resellers, business partners or other third-parties. Any insurance coverage or indemnification obligations of suppliers may not adequately cover all such claims or cover only a portion of such claims. A successful product liability, warranty, or other similar claim could have an adverse effect on ChargePoint s business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, even claims that ultimately are unsuccessful could result in expenditure of funds in litigation, divert management s time and other resources and cause reputational harm. 
 Some of ChargePoint s products contain open-source software, which may pose particular risks to its proprietary software, products and services in a manner that could harm its business. 
 ChargePoint uses open-source software in its products and anticipates using open-source software in the future. Some open-source software licenses require those who distribute open-source software as part of their own software product to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software product or to make available any derivative works of the open-source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost, and ChargePoint may be subject to such terms. The terms of many open-source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on ChargePoint s ability to provide or distribute ChargePoint s products or services. 
 In addition, ChargePoint relies on some open-source software and libraries issued under the General Public License (or similar copyleft licenses) for development of its products and may continue to rely on similar copyleft licenses. Third-parties may assert a copyright claim against ChargePoint regarding its use of such software or libraries, which could lead to a limitation of ChargePoint s use of such software or libraries. Use of such software or libraries may also force ChargePoint to provide third-parties, at no cost, the source code to its proprietary software, which may decrease revenue and lessen any competitive advantage ChargePoint has due to the secrecy of its source code. 
 28 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint could face claims from third-parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the open-source software or derivative works that ChargePoint developed using such software, which could include ChargePoint s proprietary source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open-source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require ChargePoint to make its software source code freely available, purchase a costly license or cease offering the implicated products or services unless and until ChargePoint can re-engineer them to avoid infringement, which may be a costly and time-consuming process, and ChargePoint may not be able to complete the re-engineering process successfully. 
 Additionally, the use of certain open-source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. There is typically no support available for open-source software, and ChargePoint cannot ensure that the authors of such open-source software will implement or push updates to address security risks or will not abandon further development and maintenance. Many of the risks associated with the use of open-source software, such as the lack of warranties or assurances of title or performance, cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, have an adverse effect on ChargePoint s business and results. 
 Interruptions, delays in service or inability to increase capacity, including internationally, at third-party data center facilities could impair the use or functionality of ChargePoint s subscription services, harm its business and subject it to liability. 
 ChargePoint currently serves customers from third-party data center facilities operated by Amazon Web Services AWS located in the United States, Europe and Canada. Any outage or failure of such data centers could negatively affect ChargePoint s product connectivity and performance. ChargePoint s primary environments are behind the Content Delivery Network operated by Cloudflare, Inc. Cloudflare ), and any interruptions of Cloudflare s services could negatively affect ChargePoint s product connectivity and performance. Furthermore, ChargePoint depends on connectivity from its charging stations to its data centers through cellular service providers, such as Verizon. Any incident affecting a data center facility s or a cellular service provider s infrastructure or operations, whether caused by fire, flood, severe storm, earthquake, or other natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, breach of security protocols, computer viruses and disabling devices, failure of access control mechanisms, war, criminal act, military actions, terrorist attacks and other similar events could negatively affect the use, functionality or availability of ChargePoint s services. 
 Any damage to, or failure of, ChargePoint s systems, or those of its third-party providers, could interrupt or hinder the use or functionality of its services. Impairment of or interruptions in ChargePoint s services may reduce revenue, subject it to claims and litigation, cause customers to terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect renewal rates and its ability to attract new customers. ChargePoint s business will also be harmed if customers and potential customers believe its products and services are unreliable. 
 Customer-Related Risks 
 ChargePoint may be unable to leverage customer data in all geographic locations, and this limitation may impact research and development operations. 
 ChargePoint relies on data collected through charging stations or its mobile application, including usage data and geolocation data. ChargePoint uses this data in connection with the research, development and analysis of its technologies. ChargePoint s inability to obtain necessary rights to use this data or freely transfer this data out of, for example, the European Economic Area, could result in delays or otherwise negatively impact ChargePoint s research and development efforts. 
 ChargePoint s ability to maintain customer satisfaction depends in part on the quality of ChargePoint s customer support. Failure to maintain high-quality customer support could adversely affect ChargePoint s reputation, business, results of operation, and financial condition. 
 ChargePoint believes that the successful use of its EV charging stations and Cloud Services requires a high level of support and engagement for many of its customers, particularly its fleet and commercial customers. In order to deliver appropriate customer support and engagement, ChargePoint must successfully assist its customers in deploying and continuing to use ChargePoint s Cloud Services tools and EV charging stations, resolving performance issues, addressing interoperability challenges with a customers existing information technology or fuel management platforms and responding to EV charging station component failures or replacement parts, as well as charging station performance and reliability issues that may arise from time to time. 
 ChargePoint provides support to its commercial, fleet and residential EV charging station owners and operators. Such support services are generally provided under its Assure warranty program, including proactive charging station monitoring, guaranteed service response times and labor and parts warranties. ChargePoint further provides support for EV drivers connecting to and utilizing ChargePoint s Cloud Services and its network of EV charging stations, including customer support services and mobile services. ChargePoint s support organization faces additional challenges associated with its international operations, including those associated with delivering support, training, and documentation in languages other than English. Failure to maintain high-quality customer support could adversely affect ChargePoint s reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 In addition to providing direct customer support, ChargePoint also relies on channel partners in order to provide frontline support to some of its customers, including with respect to commissioning, maintenance, component part replacements and repairs of charging stations. If ChargePoint s channel partners do not provide support to the satisfaction of ChargePoint s customers, ChargePoint may be 
 29 

Table of Content 

 required to hire additional personnel and to invest in additional resources in order to provide an adequate level of support, generally at a higher cost than that associated with its channel partners, which may increase ChargePoint s costs and expenses and adversely affect ChargePoint s gross margins. There can be no assurance that ChargePoint will be able to hire sufficient support personnel as and when needed. To the extent that ChargePoint is unsuccessful in hiring, training, and retaining adequate support personnel, its ability to provide high-quality and timely support to its customers will be negatively impacted and its customers satisfaction with its Cloud Services and EV charging stations could be adversely affected. Any failure to maintain high-quality customer support, or a market perception that ChargePoint does not maintain high-quality customer support, could adversely affect ChargePoint s reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition, particularly with respect to its fleet customers (see also Risks Related to ChargePoint s Business-- Supply chain disruptions, component shortages, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, could adversely affect ChargePoint s ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, and adversely affect ChargePoint s business and results of operations. For example, supply chain challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and global chip shortages have impacted companies worldwide and may have adverse effects on ChargePoint s suppliers and customers and, as a result, ChargePoint ). 
 ChargePoint s business will depend on customers renewing their services subscriptions. If customers do not continue to use its subscription offerings or if they fail to add more stations, its business and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 In addition to selling charging station hardware, ChargePoint also depends on customers continuing to subscribe to its EV charging services and extended warranty coverages. Therefore, it is important that customers renew their subscriptions when the contract term expires and add additional charging stations and services to their subscriptions. Customers may decide not to renew their subscriptions with a similar contract period, at the same prices or terms or with the same or a greater number of users, stations or level of functionality. Customer retention may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including satisfaction with software and features, functionality of the charging stations, prices, features and pricing of competing products, reductions in spending levels, mergers and acquisitions involving customers and deteriorating general economic conditions. 
 If customers do not renew their subscriptions, if they renew on terms less favorable to ChargePoint or if they fail to add products or services, ChargePoint s business and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Changes in subscriptions or pricing models may not be reflected in near-term operating results. 
 ChargePoint generally recognizes subscriptions revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their contracts. As a result, most of the subscriptions revenue reported in each quarter is derived from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter will likely have only a small impact on revenue for that quarter. However, such a decline will negatively affect revenue in future quarters. In addition, the severity and duration of events may not be predictable, and their effects could extend beyond a single quarter. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of subscription services, and potential changes in pricing policies or rate of renewals, may not be fully apparent until future periods. 
 Financial, Tax and Accounting-Related Risks 
 ChargePoint has identified, and has previously identified, material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. If ChargePoint is unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if ChargePoint identifies additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, this may result in material misstatements contained within ChargePoint s consolidated financial statements or cause ChargePoint to fail to meet its periodic reporting obligations. 
 As a public company, ChargePoint is required to provide management s attestation on internal controls pursuant to Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley. The standards required for a public company under Section 404(a) and Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley are significantly more stringent than those previously required of ChargePoint as a privately-held company. Management may not be able to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements of Section 404(a) and/or Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley. If ChargePoint is not able to implement these additional requirements in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, it may not be able to assess whether its internal control over financial reporting is effective, which may subject it to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence. 
 In connection with the preparation and audit of ChargePoint s consolidated financial statements, material weaknesses were identified in its internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of ChargePoint s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 ChargePoint did not design and maintain effective controls over certain information technology IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. Specifically, ChargePoint did not design and maintain (a) program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately, (b) user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to its financial applications and data to 
 30 

Table of Content 

 appropriate company personnel and (c) testing and approval controls for program development to ensure that new software development is aligned with business and IT requirements. The IT deficiencies did not result in any misstatements to the consolidated financial statements, however, the deficiencies, when aggregated, could impact maintaining effective segregation of duties, as well as the effectiveness of IT-dependent controls (such as automated controls that address the risk of material misstatement to one or more assertions, along with the IT controls and underlying data that support the effectiveness of system-generated data and reports) that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all financial statement accounts and disclosures that would not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, ChargePoint management has determined these deficiencies in the aggregate constitute a material weakness. In addition, ChargePoint separately did not design and maintain effective controls over segregation of duties. 
 ChargePoint has continued implementation of a plan to remediate these material weaknesses and remediation efforts could continue beyond the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. These remediation measures are ongoing and include engaging an external advisor to assist with evaluating and documenting the design and operating effectiveness of IT general controls and assisting with the remediation of deficiencies, as necessary, designing and implementing controls over segregation of duties, and designing and implementing IT general controls, including controls over program change management, the provisioning and monitoring of user access rights and privileges and program development processes and procedures. At this time, ChargePoint cannot provide an estimate of costs expected to be incurred in connection with implementing this remediation plan, however, these remediation measures will be time consuming, will result in ChargePoint incurring significant costs, and will place significant demands on its financial and operational resources. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting, ChargePoint has expended, and will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. 
 In addition, as previously disclosed in ChargePoint s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2022, management concluded the following material weaknesses existed in ChargePoint s internal control over financial reporting: ChargePoint did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with its financial reporting requirements, specifically, ChargePoint did not maintain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate degree of accounting knowledge, experience and training to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters commensurate with its accounting and reporting requirements; ChargePoint did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures and controls over significant accounts and disclosures to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including accounting for complex features associated with warrants, and adequate controls related to the preparation and review of journal entries; and ChargePoint did not design and maintain effective controls related to the valuation of acquired intangible assets, specifically controls over the review of the inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of the acquired assets. 
 The material weakness related to formal accounting policies, procedures and controls resulted in adjustments to several accounts and disclosures related to the Legacy ChargePoint consolidated financial statements for the years ended January 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. The material weakness related to the accounting for complex features associated with warrants resulted in the restatement of the previously issued financial statements of the entity acquired as part of the Merger Agreement related to warrant liabilities and equity. The material weakness related to the valuation of acquired intangible assets resulted in material adjustments to customer relationships and goodwill and related disclosures in ChargePoint s consolidated financial statements for the year ended January 31, 2022. In connection with the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, ChargePoint s management has completed its documentation, testing and evaluation of newly designed and enhanced control activities related to formal accounting policies, procedures and controls, related to accounting for complex features associated with warrants, and related to the valuation of acquired intangible assets and determined that, as of January 31, 2023, these control activities have been appropriately designed and implemented, and have operated effectively for a sufficient period of time to conclude that these previously identified material weaknesses have been remediated. 
 The process of designing and implementing an effective financial reporting system is a continuous effort that requires ChargePoint to anticipate and react to changes in its business, to economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a financial reporting system that satisfies its reporting obligations. ChargePoint may be unable to meet the reporting demands as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley ), and may be unable to accurately report its financial results, or report them within the timeframes required by law or stock exchange regulations. Failure to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley, when and as applicable, could also potentially subject ChargePoint to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Any failure to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties ChargePoint encounters in their implementation, could result in additional material weaknesses, cause ChargePoint to fail to meet its reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in its financial statements. Furthermore, if ChargePoint cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent material misstatements due to fraud or error, its business and results of operations could be harmed, and investors could lose confidence in its reported financial information. ChargePoint can give no assurance that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or any circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if ChargePoint is successful in strengthening its internal controls and procedures, in the future those internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or sufficiently identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of ChargePoint s financial statements. 
 ChargePoint s financial condition and results of operations are likely to fluctuate on a quarterly basis in future periods, which could cause its results for a particular period to fall below expectations, resulting in a decline in the price of its Common Stock. 
 ChargePoint s financial condition and results of operations have fluctuated in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond its control. 
 31 

Table of Content 

 In addition to the other risks described herein, the following factors could also cause ChargePoint s financial condition and results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly basis: 
 the timing and volume of new sales; 
 fluctuations in service costs, particularly due to unexpected costs of servicing and maintaining charging stations; 
 the timing of new product introductions, which can initially have lower gross margins, and inventory obsolescence costs related to new product transitions; 
 the introduction of new products by competitors, changes in pricing or other factors impacting competition; 
 weaker than anticipated demand for charging stations, whether due to changes in government incentives and policies or due to other conditions such as decrease in demand or overall economic conditions; 
 fluctuations in sales and marketing or research and development expenses; 
 supply chain interruptions, volatility in raw material prices and manufacturing or delivery delays; 
 the timing and availability of new products relative to customers and investors expectations; 
 the length of the sales and installation cycle for a particular customer; 
 disruptions in sales, production, service or other business activities or ChargePoint s inability to attract and retain qualified personnel; and 
 unanticipated changes in federal, state, local or foreign government incentive programs, which can affect demand for EVs. 
 Fluctuations in operating results and cash flow could, among other things, give rise to short-term liquidity issues. In addition, revenue, and other operating results in future quarters may fall short of the expectations of investors and financial analysts, which could have an adverse effect on the price of the Common Stock. 
 Changes to applicable U.S. tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect ChargePoint s business and future profitability. 
 ChargePoint is a U.S. corporation and thus subject to U.S. corporate income tax on its worldwide operations. Moreover, the majority of ChargePoint s operations and customers are located in the United States, and as a result, ChargePoint is subject to various U.S. federal, state and local taxes. New U.S. laws and policy relating to taxes may have an adverse effect on ChargePoint s business and future profitability. Further, existing U.S. tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to ChargePoint. 
 For example, on December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act ), was signed into law making significant changes to the Code, and certain provisions of the Tax Act may adversely affect ChargePoint. In particular, sweeping changes were made to the U.S. taxation of foreign operations. Changes include, but are not limited to, a permanent reduction to the corporate income tax rate, limiting interest deductions, a reduction to the maximum deduction allowed for net operating losses generated in tax years after December 31, 2017, the elimination of carrybacks of net operating losses, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, assessing a repatriation tax or toll-charge on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-owned foreign corporations, and introducing certain anti-base erosion provisions, including a new minimum tax on global intangible low-taxed income and base erosion and anti-abuse tax. The Tax Act could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, and is subject to interpretations and implementing regulations by the U.S. Treasury and Internal Revenue Service IRS ), any of which could mitigate or increase certain adverse effects of the legislation. For example, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act modified certain provisions of the Tax Act. 
 In addition, the Tax Act may impact taxation in non-federal jurisdictions, including with respect to state income taxes as state legislatures respond to the Tax Act, the CARES Act or any newly enacted federal tax legislation. Additionally, other foreign governing bodies have and may enact changes to their tax laws in reaction to the Tax Act, the CARES Act or any newly enacted federal tax legislation that could result in changes to ChargePoint s global tax position and adversely affect its business and future profitability. 
 As a result of ChargePoint s plans to expand operations, including to jurisdictions in which the tax laws may not be favorable, ChargePoint s tax rate may fluctuate, ChargePoint s tax obligations may become significantly more complex and subject to greater risk of examination by taxing authorities or ChargePoint may be subject to future changes in tax law, the impacts of which could adversely affect ChargePoint s after-tax profitability and financial results. 
 Because ChargePoint does not have a long history of operating at its present scale and it has significant expansion plans, ChargePoint s effective tax rate may fluctuate in the future. Future effective tax rates could be affected by operating losses in 
 32 

Table of Content 

 jurisdictions where no tax benefit can be recorded under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ), changes in the composition of earnings in countries with differing tax rates, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws. Factors that could materially affect ChargePoint s future effective tax rates include, but are not limited to: (a) changes in tax laws or the regulatory environment, (b) changes in accounting and tax standards or practices, (c) changes in the composition of operating income by tax jurisdiction and (d) ChargePoint s operating results before taxes. 
 Additionally, ChargePoint s operations are subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in the United States and may become subject to taxes in numerous additional state, local and non-U.S. jurisdictions with respect to its income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. ChargePoint s after-tax profitability and financial results could be subject to volatility or be affected by numerous factors, including (a) the availability of tax deductions, credits, exemptions, refunds (including refunds of value added taxes) and other benefits to reduce ChargePoint s tax liabilities, (b) changes in the valuation of ChargePoint s deferred tax assets and liabilities, (c) expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances, (d) tax treatment of stock-based compensation, (e) changes in the relative amount of ChargePoint s earnings subject to tax in the various jurisdictions in which ChargePoint operates or has subsidiaries, (f) the potential expansion of ChargePoint s business into or otherwise becoming subject to tax in additional jurisdictions, (g) changes to ChargePoint s existing intercompany structure (and any costs related thereto) and business operations, (h) the extent of ChargePoint s intercompany transactions and the extent to which taxing authorities in the relevant jurisdictions respect those intercompany transactions and (i) ChargePoint s ability to structure ChargePoint s operations in an efficient and competitive manner. Due to the complexity of multinational tax obligations and filings, ChargePoint may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits or examinations could have an adverse effect on ChargePoint s after-tax profitability and financial condition. Additionally, the IRS and several foreign tax authorities have increasingly focused attention on intercompany transfer pricing with respect to sales of products and services and the use of intangibles. Tax authorities could disagree with ChargePoint s intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters and assess additional taxes. If ChargePoint does not prevail in any such disagreements, its profitability may be affected. 
 ChargePoint s after-tax profitability and financial results may also be adversely impacted by changes in the relevant tax laws and tax rates, treaties, regulations, administrative practices and principles, judicial decisions and interpretations thereof, in each case, possibly with retroactive effect. For example, the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recently entered into force among the jurisdictions that have ratified it, although the United States has not yet entered into this convention. These recent changes could negatively impact ChargePoint s taxation, especially as ChargePoint expands its relationships and operations internationally. 
 The ability of ChargePoint to utilize net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards is conditioned upon ChargePoint attaining profitability and generating taxable income. ChargePoint has incurred significant net losses since inception and it is anticipated that ChargePoint will continue to incur significant losses. Additionally, ChargePoint s ability to utilize net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be limited. 
 As of January 31, 2023, ChargePoint had 793.1 million of U.S. federal and 371.1 million of California net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income, of which 604.3 million of the U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. The remaining 188.8 million of U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2028 and the California state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2029. In addition, ChargePoint had net operating loss carryforwards for other states of 313.8 million, which begin to expire in 2023. The Tax Act included a reduction to the maximum deduction allowed for net operating losses generated in tax years after December 31, 2017 and the elimination of carrybacks of net operating losses. It is possible that ChargePoint will not generate taxable income in time to utilize these net operating loss carryforwards. 
 In addition, net operating loss carryforwards and certain tax credits may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Code, respectively, and similar provisions of state law. Under those sections of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income or tax may be limited. In general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative change in ownership by 5 stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. ChargePoint has experienced ownership changes since its incorporation and is already subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its existing net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset taxable income or tax liability. In addition, changes in the ownership of its Common Stock during its fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and future changes in ChargePoint s stock ownership, which are outside of ChargePoint s control, may trigger further ownership changes. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit ChargePoint s use of accumulated state tax attributes. As a result, even if ChargePoint earns net taxable income in the future, its ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes accrued prior to these changes in ownership to offset such taxable income or tax liability may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future income tax liability to ChargePoint. 
 ChargePoint performed an analysis to assess whether an ownership change, as defined by Section 382 of the Code, has occurred from its inception through January 31, 2022. Based on this analysis, ChargePoint has experienced ownership changes, limiting the utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards or research and development tax credit carryforwards under Section 382 of the Code by first multiplying the value of the ChargePoint s stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate, and then applying additional adjustments, as required. As a result of the ownership changes, approximately 17.1 million of Federal net operating loss carryforwards, 17.9 million of California net operating loss carryforwards, and 4.7 million of federal tax 
 33 

Table of Content 

 credits were determined to have expired unutilized for income tax purposes. ChargePoint s net operating losses or credits may also be impaired under state law. Accordingly, ChargePoint may not be able to utilize a material portion of the net operating losses or credits. The ability of ChargePoint to utilize its net operating losses or credits is conditioned upon ChargePoint attaining profitability and generating U.S. federal and state taxable income. ChargePoint has incurred significant net losses since inception and will continue to incur significant losses; and therefore, ChargePoint does not know whether or when the combined carryforwards may be or may become subject to limitation by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. 
 ChargePoint s reported financial results may be negatively impacted by changes in U.S. GAAP. 
 U.S. GAAP is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification, the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on reported financial results, and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. 
 ChargePoint incurs significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 ChargePoint faces increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company that it did not incur as a private company. Sarbanes-Oxley, including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the securities exchanges, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements increases costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements require ChargePoint to carry out activities it has not done previously and additional expenses associated with SEC reporting requirements will continue to be incurred. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified, such as the material weaknesses as described in this Annual Report and the restatement of ChargePoint s previously issued consolidated financial statements and related material weakness as described in this Risk Factors section, ChargePoint may be subject to additional costs and expenses to come into compliance (see also Financial, Tax and Accounting-Related Risks ChargePoint has identified, and has previously identified, material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. If ChargePoint is unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if ChargePoint identifies additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, this may result in material misstatements contained within ChargePoint s consolidated financial statements or cause ChargePoint to fail to meet its periodic reporting obligations, and Risks Related to Legal Matters and Regulations ChargePoint may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and the restatement of its financial statements, for more detail). ChargePoint has incurred and could incur additional costs to rectify those or new issues, and the existence of these issues could adversely affect its reputation or investor perceptions. In addition, as a public company, ChargePoint maintains director and officer liability insurance, for which it must pay substantial premiums. The additional reporting and other obligations imposed by rules and regulations applicable to public companies increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third-parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 
 Risks Related to Legal Matters and Regulations 
 Privacy concerns and laws, or other domestic or foreign regulations, may adversely affect ChargePoint s business. 
 ChargePoint relies on data collected through charging stations or its mobile application, including usage data and geolocation data. ChargePoint uses this data in connection with providing its services and the research, development and analysis of its technologies. Accordingly, ChargePoint may be subject to or affected by a number of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations and industry standards, that impose certain obligations and restrictions with respect to data privacy and security and govern its collection, storage, retention, protection, use, processing, transmission, sharing and disclosure of personal information including that of ChargePoint s employees, customers, drivers and other third-parties with whom ChargePoint conducts business. National and local governments and agencies in the countries in which ChargePoint operates and in which its customers operate have adopted, are considering adopting, or may adopt laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, storage, processing and disclosure of information regarding consumers and other individuals, which could impact ChargePoint s ability to offer services in certain jurisdictions. Laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, storage, disclosure, security and other processing of individuals information can vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and are particularly stringent in Europe. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, laws, regulations, standards and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection and information security are significant. In addition, some companies, particularly larger enterprises, often will not contract with vendors that do not meet these rigorous standards. Accordingly, the failure, or perceived inability, to comply with these laws, regulations, standards and other obligations may limit the use and adoption of ChargePoint s solutions, reduce overall demand, lead to regulatory investigations, litigation and significant fines, penalties, injunctions or liabilities for actual or alleged noncompliance, or slow the pace at which it closes sales or other transactions, any of which could harm its business. Moreover, if ChargePoint or any of its employees, contractors or vendors fail or are believed to fail to adhere to appropriate practices regarding customers or employees data, it may damage its reputation and brand. 
 Additionally, existing laws, regulations, standards and other obligations may be interpreted in new and differing manners in the future, and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. Future laws, regulations, standards and other obligations, and changes in the 
 34 

Table of Content 

 interpretation of existing laws, regulations, standards and other obligations could result in increased regulation, increased costs of compliance and penalties for non-compliance, and limitations on data collection, use, disclosure and transfer for ChargePoint and its customers. 
 Additionally, the EU adopted the GDPR in 2016, and it became effective in May 2 0 18. The GDPR governs the countries of the European Economic Area and other countries such as Switzerland. The United Kingdom has adopted the UK GDPR which is regulation similar to the GDPR. The GDPR establishes requirements applicable to the handling of personal data and imposes penalties for non-compliance of up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of worldwide revenue. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the GDPR and UK GDPR may limit the use and adoption of ChargePoint s products and services and could have an adverse impact on its business. In addition, California adopted the CCPA and the California State Attorney General has begun enforcement actions. Although ChargePoint initiated a compliance program designed to ensure CCPA compliance after consulting with outside privacy counsel, ChargePoint may remain exposed to ongoing legal risks and compliance costs related to CCPA and the new California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which became effective in most material respects on January 1, 2023. Similar state privacy laws, including those in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah create further compliance obligations and risks of fines and penalties in the event of non-compliance. Furthermore, state attorneys general may also join together to file lawsuits based on violations of applicable state privacy acts. In the event ChargePoint is subject to litigation, penalties, or enforcement actions pursuant to the GDPR, CCPA, CPRA or applicable state laws, ChargePoint may be subject to fines and penalties, remediation measures which will divert management s time and attention, as well as harm to its reputation. 
 The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security that are applicable to the businesses of customers may adversely affect the ability and willingness to process, handle, store, use, transmit or process certain types of information, such as demographic and other personal information. The EU and the United States agreed in 2016 to the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, which provided one mechanism for lawful cross-border transfers of personal data from the EU to the United States. However, the Court of Justice of the EU issued a decision on July 16, 2020 invalidating the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, thereby creating additional legal risk for ChargePoint. In addition, the other bases ChargePoint and some of its customers rely on for the lawful export of personal data outside of the EU are standard contractual clauses. Notably, on June 4, 2021, the European Commission published revised standard contractual clauses, which imposed additional requirements on companies that use this mechanism to legitimize transfers of personal data out of the EU to the U.S. and other third countries. There are a number of legal uncertainties regarding the application of the revised standard contractual clauses and ChargePoint will continue to face uncertainty as regulatory guidance is developed in this area as to whether ChargePoint s efforts to comply with its obligations under European privacy laws will be sufficient. If ChargePoint or its customers are unable to transfer data between and among countries and regions in which it operates, it could decrease demand for its products and services or require it to modify or restrict some of its products or services. Further, the new standard contractual clauses impose obligations regarding previously executed agreements containing the prior version of the standard contractual clauses. Updating agreements to comply with the revised standard contractual clauses is an increased burden and expense on ChargePoint, and not doing so may create the risk of damage to customer relationships or lead to regulatory scrutiny. 
 Marketing and digital advertising laws such as the EU s e-Privacy Directive and the United States CAN-SPAM Act create further risks for ChargePoint should it not comply with those law s requirements concerning marketing, cookies and trackers, and email promotions. The CAN-SPAM Act authorizes class actions with statutory damages and the e-Privacy Directive creates a risk of enforcement actions and fines. In the event such a class action or enforcement action is brought against ChargePoint, it may need to expend costs and resources defending such litigation or enforcement action and any potential damages or fines awarded as the result of such actions, which could have an adverse effect on ChargePoint s business and reputation. In addition to government activity, privacy advocacy groups, the technology industry and other industries have established or may establish various new, additional or different self-regulatory standards that may place additional burdens on technology companies. Customers may expect that ChargePoint will meet voluntary certifications or adhere to other standards established by them or third-parties. If ChargePoint is unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could reduce demand for its solutions and adversely affect its business. 
 Failure to comply with anticorruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the FCPA and similar laws associated with activities outside of the United States, could subject ChargePoint to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 ChargePoint is subject to the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, the Anti-Bribery Act and possibly other anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which it conducts activities. It faces significant risks if it fails to comply with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws that prohibit companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from promising, authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to foreign government officials, political parties and private-sector recipients for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, directing business to any person or securing any advantage. Any violation of the FCPA, other applicable anti-corruption laws, or anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, or severe criminal or civil sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on ChargePoint s reputation, business, operating results and 
 35 

Table of Content 

 prospects. In addition, ensuring compliance may be costly and time-consuming and responding to any enforcement action may result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources, significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 ChargePoint is subject to governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws that could impair its ability to compete in international markets and subject ChargePoint to liability if it is not in full compliance with applicable laws. 
 ChargePoint s business activities are subject to various restrictions under U.S. export controls and trade and economic sanctions laws, including the U.S. Commerce Department s Export Administration Regulations and economic and trade sanctions regulations maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. The U.S. export control laws and U.S. economic sanctions laws include prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain products and services to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons and entities and also require authorization for the export of encryption items. In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology, including through import and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit ChargePoint s ability to distribute its products and services or could limit ChargePoint s customers ability to implement ChargePoint s products in those countries. If ChargePoint fails to comply with these laws and regulations, ChargePoint and certain of its employees could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export privileges and monetary penalties. Obtaining the necessary authorizations, including any required license, for a particular transaction may be time-consuming, is not guaranteed, and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. ChargePoint s products may have been in the past, and could in the future be, provided inadvertently in violation of such laws, despite the precautions ChargePoint takes to prevent its products from being provided in violation of such laws. Any violation could result in adverse consequences to ChargePoint, including government investigations and penalties which may adversely affect ChargePoint s operations and harm its reputation. 
 Existing and future environmental health and safety laws and regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating costs or construction costs and restrictions. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations may result in substantial fines or other limitations that may adversely impact ChargePoint s financial results or results of operations. 
 ChargePoint and its operations, as well as those of ChargePoint s contractors, suppliers and customers, are subject to certain environmental laws and regulations, including laws related to the use, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes as well as electronic wastes and hardware, whether hazardous or not. These laws may require ChargePoint or others in ChargePoint s supply and operations chain to obtain permits and comply with procedures that impose various restrictions and obligations that may have material effects on ChargePoint s operations. If key permits and approvals cannot be obtained on acceptable terms, or if other operational requirements cannot be met in a manner satisfactory for ChargePoint s operations or on a timeline that meets ChargePoint s commercial obligations, it may adversely impact ChargePoint s business. 
 Environmental and health and safety laws and regulations can be complex and may be subject to change, such as through new requirements enacted at the supranational, national, sub-national and/or local level or new or modified regulations that may be implemented under existing law. The nature and extent of any changes in these laws, rules, regulations and permits may be unpredictable and may have material effects on ChargePoint s business. Future legislation and regulations or changes in existing legislation and regulations, or interpretations thereof, including those relating to hardware manufacturing, electronic waste or batteries, could cause additional expenditures, restrictions and delays in connection with ChargePoint s operations as well as other future projects, the extent of which cannot be predicted. 
 Further, ChargePoint currently relies on third-parties to ensure compliance with certain environmental laws, including those related to the disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. Any failure to properly handle or dispose of such wastes, regardless of whether such failure is ChargePoint s or its contractors, may result in liability under environmental laws, including, but not limited to, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, under which liability may be imposed without regard to fault or degree of contribution for the investigation and clean-up of contaminated sites, as well as impacts to human health and damages to natural resources. Additionally, ChargePoint may not be able to secure contracts with third-parties to continue their key supply chain and disposal services for ChargePoint s business, which may result in increased costs for compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 
 ChargePoint may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and the restatement of its financial statements. 
 Following the issuance of the SEC s Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies on April 12, 2021, the audit committee of ChargePoint s Board of Directors (the Board ), after considering the recommendations of management, determined that it was appropriate to restate ChargePoint s previously filed financial statements for certain periods of non-reliance. As part of this restatement, ChargePoint identified a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. 
 As a result of this material weakness, the restatement, the change in accounting for ChargePoint s previously outstanding publicly-traded warrants (the Public Warrants and private placement warrants issued to NGP Switchback, LLC, the sponsor of Switchback (the Private Placement Warrants ), and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, ChargePoint faces potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement and material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of its financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report, ChargePoint has no knowledge of any such litigation 
 36 

Table of Content 

 or dispute. However, ChargePoint can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. No Public Warrants have been outstanding since January 31, 2022, and no Private Placement Warrants have been outstanding since April 30, 2022. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of ChargePoint s Securities 
 Future sales of ChargePoint s Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could reduce ChargePoint s stock price, and any conversions of the 2027 Convertible Notes will, and any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or any future convertible securities ChargePoint may issue could, dilute existing stockholders ownership. 
 ChargePoint may raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt securities in the future. In that event, the ownership of existing ChargePoint stockholders would be diluted and the value of the stockholders' equity in Common Stock could be reduced. If ChargePoint raised more equity capital from the sale of Common Stock, institutional or other investors may negotiate terms more favorable than the current prices of ChargePoint s Common Stock. If ChargePoint issues debt securities, the holders of the debt would have a claim to ChargePoint assets that would be prior to the rights of stockholders until the debt is repaid. Interest on these debt securities would increase costs and could negatively impact operating results. On April 12, 2022, ChargePoint completed a private placement of 300.0 million of aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes which will mature on April 1, 2027. The 2027 Convertible Notes may decrease ChargePoint s business flexibility and access to capital, require a significant amount of cash to service, dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders and otherwise depress the price of its Common Stock, and delay or hinder an otherwise beneficial takeover of the Company. On July 1, 2022, ChargePoint filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265986), which permits ChargePoint to offer up to 1.0 billion shares of ChargePoint Common Stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and rights in one or more offerings and in any combination, including in units from time to time (the Shelf Registration Statement ). Further, as part of the Shelf Registration Statement, ChargePoint may also sell shares of its Common Stock in at-the-market offerings pursuant to that certain common stock sales agreement dated July 1, 2022, by and among ChargePoint and the underwriters thereto (the ATM Facility ). As of January 31, 2023, 450.0 million of shares of Common Stock remained available for sale pursuant to the ATM Facility. The sale of a substantial number of shares of ChargePoint Common Stock pursuant to the ATM Facility, the Shelf Registration Statement or otherwise, or anticipation of any such sales, could cause the trading price of ChargePoint s Common Stock to decline or make it more difficult for ChargePoint to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that ChargePoint might otherwise desire. In addition, issuances of any shares of ChargePoint Common Stock sold pursuant to the ATM Facility or any securities sold pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement will have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. 
 In accordance with Delaware law and the provisions of ChargePoint s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter ), ChargePoint may issue preferred stock that ranks senior in right of dividends, liquidation or voting to its Common Stock. The issuance by ChargePoint of such preferred stock may (a) reduce or eliminate the amount of cash available for payment of dividends to other holders of ChargePoint Common Stock, (b) diminish the relative voting strength of the total shares of Common Stock outstanding as a class, or (c) subordinate the claims of ChargePoint holders of Common Stock to ChargePoint assets in the event of a liquidation. ChargePoint cannot predict the size of future issuances of its Common Stock or any additional issuances of securities convertible into Common Stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of its Common Stock will have on the market price of its Common Stock. Sales of substantial amounts of ChargePoint Common Stock (including any shares issued upon the conversion of the 2027 Convertible Notes or pursuant to the ATM Facility, the Shelf Registration Statement, or in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of ChargePoint Common Stock. 
 ChargePoint may need to raise additional funds and these funds may not be available when needed or may not be available on terms that are favorable to ChargePoint. 
 ChargePoint may need to raise additional capital in the future to further scale its business and expand to additional markets. ChargePoint may raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities, or through obtaining credit from government or financial institutions. ChargePoint cannot be certain that additional funds will be available on favorable terms when required, or at all. In addition, if ChargePoint cannot raise additional funds when needed, its financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. If ChargePoint raises funds through the issuance of debt securities or through loan arrangements, the terms of such arrangements could require significant interest payments or contain covenants that restrict ChargePoint s business, or other unfavorable terms, any of which could materially adversely affect ChargePoint s business. 
 ChargePoint has incurred substantial indebtedness that may decrease its business flexibility, access to capital, and/or increase its borrowing costs, and ChargePoint may still incur substantially more debt, which may adversely affect its operations and financial results. 
 In April 2022, ChargePoint issued the 2027 Convertible Notes. The indenture for the 2027 Convertible Notes includes a restrictive covenant that, subject to specified exceptions, limits the ability of ChargePoint and its subsidiaries to incur secured debt in excess of 750.0 million. In addition, the indenture includes customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default after which the holders may accelerate the maturity of the 2027 Convertible Notes and declare 100 of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, the 2027 Convertible Notes to become due and payable immediately. As a result of these and other terms in the indenture, ChargePoint s indebtedness may: 
 37 

Table of Content 

 limit ChargePoint s ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; 
 limit ChargePoint s ability to use its cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; 
 require ChargePoint to use a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; 
 limit ChargePoint s flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in its business and industry; 
 place ChargePoint at a competitive disadvantage compared to its less leveraged competitors; and 
 increase ChargePoint s vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 Further, the indenture governing the 2027 Convertible Notes does not restrict ChargePoint s ability to incur additional indebtedness other than secured debt, and as a result it and its subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. 
 Concentration of ownership among ChargePoint s existing executive officers, directors and their affiliates may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 As reported in the table captioned Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management included in the Proxy Statement for ChargePoint s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022, as of April 30, 2022, ChargePoint s directors, executive officers and their affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own approximately 23.6 of the outstanding Common Stock. As a result, these stockholders are able to exercise a significant level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, any amendment of the certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. This control could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in management and will make the approval of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. 
 ChargePoint has never paid cash dividends on its capital stock and does not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 ChargePoint has never paid cash dividends on its capital stock and currently intends to retain any future earnings to fund the growth of its business. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend on financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of Common Stock will be the sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 The price of ChargePoint s Common Stock may be subject to wide fluctuations. 
 The trading price of ChargePoint s Common Stock will be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond ChargePoint s control. These factors include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in operating results; 
 failure to meet or exceed financial estimates and projections of the investment community or that ChargePoint provides to the public; 
 issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts or changed recommendations for the industry in general; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, collaborations or capital commitments; 
 changes in competitive factors; 
 operating and share price performance of other companies in ChargePoint s industry or related markets; 
 sales of shares of ChargePoint s Common Stock into the market pursuant to the exercise of registration rights; 
 the timing and magnitude of investments in the growth of the business; 
 actual or anticipated changes in laws and regulations, including U.S. monetary policy; 
 additions or departures of key management or other personnel; 
 increased labor costs; 
 disputes or other developments related to intellectual property or other proprietary rights, including litigation; 
 the ability to market new and enhanced solutions on a timely basis; 
 38 

Table of Content 

 sales of substantial amounts of the Common Stock by the members of the Board, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; 
 changes in capital structure, including future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; and 
 general economic, political and market conditions, including those resulting from the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and increased trade restrictions by governmental and private entities. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the stock prices of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors likely have seriously affected and may continue to seriously affect the market price of ChargePoint s Common Stock, regardless of actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such a company. This litigation, if instituted against ChargePoint as a result of actual and potential volatility described above, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 Servicing the 2027 Convertible Note obligations will require a significant amount of cash. ChargePoint may not have sufficient cash flow from its business to pay its outstanding debt, and ChargePoint may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the 2027 Convertible Notes in cash or to repurchase the 2027 Convertible Notes upon a fundamental change, which could adversely affect its business and results of operations. 
 ChargePoint s ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, or to refinance its indebtedness, including the amounts payable under the 2027 Convertible Notes, depends on its future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond its control. ChargePoint s business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service its indebtedness and make necessary capital expenditures. Interest on the 2027 Convertible Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1, commencing on October 1, 2022, and the 2027 Convertible Notes will mature on April 1, 2027, unless redeemed, repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. While ChargePoint can elect to make any interest payment in cash, paid in kind through an increase in the principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes, referred to as PIK Interest, or any combination thereof, to the extent ChargePoint elects PIK Interest, the 2027 Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.00 per annum, compared to 3.50 per annum to the extent paid in cash. If ChargePoint is unable to generate sufficient cash flow to pay the principal and/or interest on its indebtedness, ChargePoint s flexibility in how it pays interest on the 2027 Convertible Notes may be limited and it may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt, or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive, to pay its outstanding indebtedness. ChargePoint s ability to refinance its indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and its financial condition at such time. For example, interest rate increases and/or other monetary policy changes, could ultimately result in higher short-term and/or long-term interest rates and could otherwise impact the general availability of credit. Higher prevailing interest rates and/or a tightening supply of credit would adversely affect the terms upon which ChargePoint would be able to refinance its indebtedness, if at all. As a result, ChargePoint may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on its debt obligations. 
 In the event of a fundamental change or a change in control transaction (each such term as defined in the indenture governing the 2027 Convertible Notes), holders of the 2027 Convertible Notes will have the right to require ChargePoint to repurchase all or a portion of their 2027 Convertible Notes at a price equal to 100 of the capitalized principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes, in the case of a fundamental change, or 125 of the capitalized principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes, in the case of a change in control transaction, in each case plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. This feature of the 2027 Convertible Notes could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of ChargePoint, whether or not it is desired by, or beneficial to, ChargePoint s stockholders, and may result in the acquisition of ChargePoint on terms less favorable to its stockholders than it would otherwise be, or could require ChargePoint to pay a portion of the consideration available in such a transaction to holders of the 2027 Convertible Notes. In addition, upon conversion of the 2027 Convertible Notes, unless ChargePoint elects to deliver solely shares of its Common Stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), ChargePoint will be required to make cash payments in respect of the 2027 Convertible Notes being converted. However, ChargePoint may not have enough available cash, or be able to obtain sufficient financing, at the time it is required to pay cash with respect to the 2027 Convertible Notes being converted. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the 2027 Convertible Notes, when triggered, may adversely affect ChargePoint s financial condition and operating results. In addition, any such conversion of the 2027 Convertible Notes will dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their 2027 Convertible Notes, or may otherwise depress ChargePoint s stock price. 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding January 1, 2027, the 2027 Convertible Notes will be convertible subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the indenture for such 2027 Convertible Notes. On or after January 1, 2027, holders of the 2027 Convertible Notes will have the right to convert all or a portion of their 2027 Convertible Notes at any time prior to close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. Once any such conditional conversion feature of the 2027 Convertible Notes is triggered, holders of the 2027 Convertible Notes will be entitled to convert their 2027 Convertible Notes at any time during the specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their 2027 Convertible Notes, unless ChargePoint elects to satisfy its conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of its Common Stock (other 
 39 

Table of Content 

 than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), ChargePoint would be required to settle a portion or all of its conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect its liquidity. 
 In addition, the conversion of some or all of the 2027 Convertible Notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent ChargePoint delivers shares of Common Stock upon such conversion. Any sales in the public market of ChargePoint Common Stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of ChargePoint Common Stock. In addition, the existence of the 2027 Convertible Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2027 Convertible Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the 2027 Convertible Notes into shares of ChargePoint s Common Stock could depress ChargePoint s stock price. 
 The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the 2027 Convertible Notes, could have a material effect on ChargePoint s reported financial results. 
 The accounting method for reflecting the 2027 Convertible Notes on ChargePoint s balance sheet, accruing interest expense for the 2027 Convertible Notes, and reflecting the underlying shares of its Common Stock in ChargePoint s reported diluted earnings per share may adversely affect its reported earnings and financial condition. 
 ChargePoint expects that, under applicable accounting principles, the initial liability carrying amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes will be the fair value of a similar debt instrument that does not have a conversion feature, valued using its cost of capital for straight, unconvertible debt. ChargePoint has reflected the difference between the net proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Convertible Notes and the initial carrying amount as a debt discount for accounting purposes, which is amortized into interest expense over the term of the 2027 Convertible Notes. As a result of this amortization, the interest expense to be recognized for the 2027 Convertible Notes for accounting purposes will be greater than the cash interest payments ChargePoint may pay on the 2027 Convertible Notes, were it to elect to pay interest in cash, which results in lower reported net income. The lower reported income (or higher net loss) resulting from this accounting treatment could depress the trading price of ChargePoint s Common Stock and the 2027 Convertible Notes. In addition, under Accounting Standards Update 2020-06, Debt--Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging--Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40), diluted earnings per share is generally calculated assuming that all the 2027 Convertible Notes were converted solely into shares of Common Stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. The application of this if-converted method may reduce ChargePoint s reported diluted earnings per share. 
 Furthermore, if any of the conditions to the convertibility of the 2027 Convertible Notes is satisfied, then ChargePoint may be required under applicable accounting standards to reclassify the liability carrying value of the 2027 Convertible Notes as a current, rather than a long-term, liability. This reclassification could be required even if no noteholders convert their 2027 Convertible Notes and could materially reduce ChargePoint s reported working capital. 
 The coverage of ChargePoint s business or its securities by securities or industry analysts or the absence thereof could adversely affect the trading price and volume of ChargePoint s Common Stock and other securities. 
 The trading market for ChargePoint s securities is influenced in part by the research and other reports that industry or securities analysts publish about ChargePoint or its business or industry from time to time. ChargePoint does not control these analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. If no or few analysts continue equity research coverage of ChargePoint, the trading price and volume of ChargePoint s securities would likely be negatively impacted. If analysts do cover ChargePoint and one or more of them downgrade its securities, or if they issue other unfavorable commentary about ChargePoint or its industry or inaccurate research, the trading price of ChargePoint s Common Stock and other securities would likely decline. Furthermore, if one or more of these analysts cease coverage or fail to regularly publish reports on ChargePoint, it could lose visibility in the financial markets. Any of the foregoing would likely cause the trading price and volume of ChargePoint s Common Stock and other securities to decline. 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in ChargePoint s governing documents and applicable laws could impair a takeover attempt. 
 ChargePoint s Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the A R Bylaws afford certain rights and powers to the Board that could contribute to the delay or prevention of an acquisition that it deems undesirable. ChargePoint is also subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and other provisions of Delaware law that limit the ability of stockholders in certain situations to effect certain mergers. Any of the foregoing provisions and terms that have the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of their Common Stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for the Common Stock. ChargePoint s Charter provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a more favorable judicial forum for disputes with ChargePoint or its directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 The Charter requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought on behalf of ChargePoint, actions against current or former directors, officers, stockholders or, subject to certain exceptions, employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware or, if that court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, another federal or state court situated in the State of Delaware. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of ChargePoint shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in the certificate of incorporation. In addition, the Charter and A R Bylaws provide that, unless ChargePoint consents in writing to another 
 40 

Table of Content 

 forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall, to the fullest extent of the law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The choice of forum provision in ChargePoint s Charter may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with ChargePoint or any of its directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, ChargePoint may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm its business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Sales, or the perception of future sales, of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock by ChargePoint s existing stockholders could cause the price of ChargePoint s Common Stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of ChargePoint s Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of ChargePoint s Common Stock. For instance, in connection with the closing of the Merger, ChargePoint and the holders of registration rights in Switchback and Legacy ChargePoint entered into an amended and restated Registration Rights Agreement (the A R Registration Rights Agreement and such holders the Registration Rights Holders ). In certain circumstances, the Registration Rights Holders can demand certain underwritten offerings and will be entitled to customary piggyback registration rights. Also, in connection with the consummation of the acquisition of HTB, ChargePoint entered into a registration rights agreement with the former shareholders of HTB providing for the filing of a resale registration statement as more completely described below. 
 ChargePoint has in the past, and may in the future, file registration statements as a result of such registration rights. For example, on July 12, 2021, ChargePoint filed a resale registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-257855) that relates to the offer and sale from time to time by the selling security holders named in that prospectus of up to 12 million shares of ChargePoint s Common Stock (the Secondary Offering ). ChargePoint s directors, executive officers and certain stockholders entered into lock-up agreements with the representatives of the several underwriters, in connection with the Secondary Offering, which expired on September 28, 2021. Further, on October 14, 2021, ChargePoint filed a resale registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-260247) that was declared effective by the SEC that relates to the offer and sale from time to time by the selling security holders named in that prospectus of up to 5,695,176 shares of ChargePoint s Common Stock in connection with the consummation of ChargePoint s acquisition of HTB. 
 As of October 31, 2021, no shares of ChargePoint s Common Stock were prohibited or otherwise restricted from being sold in the public market under lock-up agreements. Shares issued upon the exercise of stock options outstanding under ChargePoint s equity incentive plans or pursuant to future awards granted under those plans will become available for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of applicable vesting schedules, any applicable market standoff, a registration statement on Form S-8 and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act. 
 Warrants are exercisable for ChargePoint s Common Stock, which would increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to ChargePoint s stockholders. 
 As of January 31, 2023, the warrants to purchase Legacy ChargePoint common stock (the Legacy Warrants were exercisable for 34,499,436 shares of Common Stock. Any shares of ChargePoint s Common Stock issued upon exercise of Legacy Warrants will result in dilution to the then existing holders of Common Stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of ChargePoint s Common Stock. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 The corporate headquarters and principal operations is located in Campbell, California, and consists of approximately 72,000 square feet of office space under leases that expire on August 31, 2029. ChargePoint believes this space is sufficient to meet its needs for the foreseeable future and that any additional space ChargePoint may require will be available on commercially reasonable terms. ChargePoint also leases facilities in Amsterdam, the Netherlands; Gurgaon, India; Radstadt, Austria and Reading, United Kingdom; Scottsdale, Arizona and San Jose, California; as well as smaller sales offices in the United States and Europe. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies , in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under Legal Proceedings which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 41 

Table of Content 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 42 

Table of Content 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 ChargePoint s Common Stock is traded under the symbol CHPT and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). 
 Dividend Policy 
 ChargePoint has never declared or paid dividend on its Common Stock and has no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. 
 Number of Common Stockholders 
 As of March 28, 2023, there were approximately 318 holders of record of ChargePoint s Common Stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Stock Performance 
 The following shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc.'s other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent ChargePoint specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 The graph below matches ChargePoint Holdings, Inc.'s cumulative total shareholder return on Common Stock with the cumulative total returns of the S P Midcap 400 index, the S P Application Software index, and the S P 500 Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals index. The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment in ChargePoint's Common Stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from September 16, 2019 to January 31, 2023. 
 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 
 43 

Table of Content 

 Company/Index September 16, 2019 January 31, 2020 January 31, 2021 January 31, 2022 January 31, 2023 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 100.00 102.46 389.96 141.91 124.39 S P Midcap 400 100.00 107.46 127.30 145.19 148.59 S P Application Software 100.00 117.05 154.77 174.16 137.81 S P 500 Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 100.00 137.68 230.27 307.62 269.95 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved.] 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information which ChargePoint s management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of ChargePoint s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. ChargePoint s fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, relate to the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, January 31, 2022, and January 31, 2021, respectively. This section of this Form 10-K discusses fiscal year 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal year 2023 and 2022. Discussions of fiscal year 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021 are not included in this Form 10-K, and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 4, 2022. The discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. ChargePoint s actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1 A. 
 
 Overview 
 ChargePoint designs, develops and markets networked EV charging system infrastructure Networked Charging Systems connected through cloud-based services Cloud or Cloud Services which (i) enable charging systems owners, or hosts, to manage their Networked Charging Systems, and (ii) enable drivers to locate, reserve and authenticate Networked Charging Systems and to transact EV charging sessions on those systems. ChargePoint s Networked Charging Systems, subscriptions and other offerings provide an open platform that integrates with system hardware from ChargePoint and other manufacturers, connecting systems over an intelligent network that provides real-time information about charging sessions and full control, support and management of the Networked Charging Systems. This network provides multiple web-based portals for charging system owners, fleet managers, drivers and utilities. 
 ChargePoint generates revenue primarily through the sale of Networked Charging Systems, Cloud Services and extended parts and labor warranties Assure ). The Company also generates revenue, in some instances, by providing customers use of ChargePoint s owned and operated systems, Cloud Services and Assure into a single multi-year or annual subscription ChargePoint as a Service or CPaaS ). Each of Cloud Services, Assure and CPaaS is typically paid for upfront and revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the subscription period. 
 ChargePoint targets three key verticals: commercial, fleet and residential. Commercial customers have parking places largely within their workplaces and include retail, hospitality, healthcare, fueling and convenience and parking lot operators. Fleet includes municipal buses, delivery and work vehicles, port/airport/warehouse and other industrial applications, ridesharing services, and is expected to eventually include autonomous transportation. Residential includes single family homes and multifamily residences. 
 On February 26, 2021 Closing Date ), Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation Switchback consummated the previously announced transactions pursuant to which Lightning Merger Sub Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Switchback Lightning Merger Sub ), merged with ChargePoint, Inc. Legacy ChargePoint pursuant to a Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 23, 2020, by and among the Company, Lightning Merger Sub, and Switchback Merger Agreement ). Legacy ChargePoint survived as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Switchback Merger and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Reverse Recapitalization ). Further, as a result of the Merger, Switchback was renamed ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 Since its inception in 2007, ChargePoint has been engaged in developing and marketing its Networked Charging Systems, subscriptions and other offerings, raising capital and recruiting personnel. ChargePoint has incurred net operating losses and negative cash flows from operations in every year since its inception. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, ChargePoint had an accumulated deficit of 1,156.8 million and 811.7 million, respectively. ChargePoint has funded its operations primarily from customer payments, the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock and convertible notes, exercise proceeds from options and warrants, borrowings under loan facilities and proceeds from the Reverse Recapitalization. 
 44 

Table of Content 

 Key Factors Affecting Operating Results 
 ChargePoint believes its performance and future success depend on several factors that present significant opportunities for it but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below: 
 Growth in EV Adoption 
 ChargePoint s revenue growth is directly tied to the number of passenger and commercial EVs sold, which it believes drives the demand for charging infrastructure. The market for EVs is still rapidly evolving and although demand for EVs has grown in recent years, there is no guarantee of such future demand. Factors impacting the adoption of EVs include but are not limited to: perceptions about EV features, quality, safety, performance and cost; perceptions about the limited range over which EVs may be driven on a single battery charge; volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline; availability of services for EVs; consumers perception about the convenience and cost of charging EVs; and increases in fuel efficiency of internal combustion engine vehicles. In addition, macroeconomic factors, including governmental mandates and incentives and the impact of rising interest rates, inflation and a potential economic recession, could impact demand for EVs, particularly since they can be more expensive to purchase than traditional gasoline-powered vehicles. Further, geopolitical factors, such as the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, conflicts between the United States and China or between China and Taiwan may negatively impact the global automotive supply chain and reduce the manufacturing of automobiles, including EVs. If the market for EVs does not develop as expected or if there is any slow-down or delay in overall EV adoption or manufacturing rates, ChargePoint s financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Competition 
 ChargePoint is currently a market leader in North America in commercial Level 2 Alternating Current AC charging. ChargePoint also offers AC chargers for use at home or multifamily settings and for fleet applications, and high-power Level 3 Direct Current DC chargers for fast urban charging, corridor or long-trip charging and fleet applications. ChargePoint intends to expand its market share over time in its product categories, leveraging the network effect of its products and Cloud Services software. Existing competitors may expand their product offerings and sales strategies, and new competitors may enter the market. If ChargePoint s market share decreases due to increased competition, its financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted. Furthermore, ChargePoint s success could be negatively impacted if consumers and businesses choose other types of alternative fuel vehicles or high fuel-economy gasoline powered vehicles. 
 Europe Expansion 
 ChargePoint operates in North America and several countries in Europe. Europe is expected to be a significant contributor to ChargePoint s revenue in future years. ChargePoint has been and is investing heavily to succeed in Europe. ChargePoint is also working to grow its European business through partnerships with channel partners and car leasing companies and through its acquisitions of ViriCiti B.V. ViriCiti and has to be gmbh HTB (each as described in Note 5, Reverse Capitalization and Business Combinations , to ChargePoint s notes to the consolidated financial statements). In Europe, ChargePoint primarily competes with other providers of EV charging station networks. Many of these competitors have limited funding, which could cause poor customer experiences and have a negative impact on overall EV adoption in Europe. ChargePoint s growth in Europe requires differentiating itself as compared to these existing competitors. If ChargePoint is unable to continue penetrating the market in Europe, its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Fleet Expansion 
 ChargePoint s future growth is also highly dependent upon success in fleet applications, where there is increasing competition, a high customer dependency on the expected increase in the arrival rate of new vehicles, and likely high concentrations and volatility of purchasing as fleet operators ultimately choose their key providers and make large purchases of EVs. Any significant decline from these customers may have an adverse impact on ChargePoint s potential for future growth. If the Company is not successful in the fleet vertical, its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Impact of New Product Releases and Investments in Growth 
 As ChargePoint introduces new products, such as the release of its Express Plus DC fast charger in fiscal year 2022 and CP6000 Level 2 AC charger in fiscal year 2023, its gross margins may be initially negatively impacted by launch costs and lower volumes until it achieves targeted cost reductions. Cost reductions may not occur on the timeline ChargePoint expects due to a number of factors, including but not limited to failure to meet its own estimates, unanticipated supply chain difficulties, government mandates or certification requirements. For example, ongoing supply chain challenges, heightened logistic costs, component shortages and product transition charges decreased ChargePoint s gross margins in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, and ChargePoint expects gross margins will continue to be adversely affected by increased material costs and freight and logistic expenses in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. In addition, ChargePoint may accelerate its expenditures where it sees growth opportunities, which may further impact 
 45 

Table of Content 

 gross margin until upfront costs and inefficiencies are absorbed and normalized operations are achieved. Further, ChargePoint continues to invest in prioritizing an assurance of supply of its products and new customer acquisition as part of its land and expand model, which in the current environment, puts pressure on gross margins and increases operating expenses. ChargePoint also continuously evaluates and may adjust its expenditures, such as new product introduction costs, based on its launch plans for new products, as well as other factors including the pace and prioritization of current projects under development and the addition of new projects. As ChargePoint attains higher revenue, it expects operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue to decrease as it scales and focuses on increasing operational efficiency and process automation. 
 Government Mandates, Incentives and Programs 
 The U.S. federal government, certain foreign governments and some state and local governments provide incentives to end users and purchasers of EVs and EV infrastructure in the form of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. These governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives significantly lower the effective price of EVs and EV infrastructure to customers. For example, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act signed into law on November 15, 2021 (the Jobs Act provided additional funding for EVs and EV charging infrastructure through the creation of new programs and grants and the expansion of existing programs, including 7.5 billion for EV charging along highway corridors and communities. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA signed into law on August 16, 2022 includes incentives and tax credits aimed at reducing the effects of climate change, such as the extension of electric vehicle charging infrastructure tax credits under Section 30C and tax credits for electric vehicles under Section 30D of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code through 2032. There are numerous restrictions and requirements associated with qualifying for the electric vehicle tax credits available under the IRA and ChargePoint is still assessing how the IRA may impact its business and EV sales generally. Further, incentives such as the Jobs Act and the IRA take time to be disbursed and to affect actual expenditure decisions. These incentives may also expire on specified dates, end when the allocated funding is no longer available, or be reduced or terminated as a matter of regulatory or legislative policy. Any reduction in rebates, tax credits or other financial incentives could reduce the demand for EVs and for charging infrastructure, including infrastructure ChargePoint offers. 
 ChargePoint also derives other revenue from fees received for regulatory incentives earned for participating in low carbon fuel programs in some U.S. states. ChargePoint claims these incentives only if they are not claimed by purchasers of its EV charging stations. If a material percentage of its customers were to claim these incentives, ChargePoint s revenue from this source could decline significantly, which could have an adverse effect on its revenue and overall gross margin. Prior to fiscal year 2021, ChargePoint derived a slight majority of its other revenue from these incentives. However, revenue from this source as a percentage of total revenue has declined since fiscal 2021 and may continue to decline as a percentage of total revenue going forward. Further, the availability of such incentives depends on continued governmental support for these programs. If these programs are modified, reduced or eliminated, ChargePoint s ability to generate this revenue in the future would be adversely impacted. 
 Supply Chain Disruptions and Other Factors 
 
 Global supply chain disruptions, initially caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, continue to affect ChargePoint s business. The disruption to ChargePoint s supply chain has heightened its material, freight and logistic costs, and has similarly disrupted manufacturing, delivery and overall supply chain of vehicle manufacturers and suppliers, which has contributed to fluctuations in EV sales in markets around the world. These ongoing supply chain challenges and heightened logistic costs decreased gross margins in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, and ChargePoint expects that gross margins will continue to be adversely affected by increased material costs and freight and logistic expenses in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. 
 
 Also, more permanent work-from-home policies, initially caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, are likely to continue affecting the rate of global infrastructure spending, and thus to continue to adversely impact ChargePoint s commercial business and its overall gross margin as ChargePoint s commercial business contributes higher margins than its residential and fleet businesses. Further, the continued disruption to ChargePoint s supply chains and heightened component and shipping pricing and logistics expenses may further adversely impact ChargePoint s gross margins, adversely affect demand for ChargePoint s products, lengthen its product development and sales cycles, and reduce expected spending from new customers, all of which could adversely affect ChargePoint s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, global economic uncertainty due to other macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rate pressures, negative events in the financial services industry, and labor market disruptions, and related growing concerns of a potential recession, have impacted customer behavior related to discretionary spending and sentiment and could continue to impact such behaviors in the future. Any resulting decline in the ability or willingness of customers, fleet owners and operators to purchase ChargePoint s products or subscription services could have an adverse impact on ChargePoint s results of operations and financial condition. 
 46 

Table of Content 

 Results of Operations its Components 
 Revenue 
 Networked Charging Systems 
 Networked Charging Systems revenue includes the deliveries of EV charging system infrastructure, which include a range of AC products for use in residential, commercial and fleet applications, and DC, or fast-charge products for use in commercial and fleet applications. A significant portion of ChargePoint s Networked Charging Systems revenue is presently derived from the sale of AC products. ChargePoint generally recognizes revenue from sales of Networked Charging Systems upon shipment to the customer, at which point ChargePoint s performance obligation is satisfied. 
 Subscriptions 
 Subscriptions revenue consists of services related to Cloud, as well as extended maintenance service plans under Assure. Subscriptions revenue also consists of CPaaS revenue which combines the customer s use of ChargePoint s owned and operated systems with Cloud and Assure programs into a single, typically multi-year subscription. 
 In some instances, CPaaS subscriptions are considered for accounting purposes to contain a lease for the customer s use of ChargePoint s owned and operated systems unless the location allows the customer to receive incremental economic benefit from regulatory credits earned on that EV charging system. Lessor revenue relates to operating leases and historically has not been material. Subscriptions revenue is generally recognized over time on a straight-line basis as ChargePoint has an ongoing obligation to deliver such services to the customer. 
 Other 
 Other revenue consists of charging related fees received from drivers using charging sites owned and operated by ChargePoint, net transaction fees earned for processing payments collected on driver charging sessions at charging sites owned by its customers, fees received for transferring regulatory incentives earned for participating in low carbon fuel programs in some states, and other professional services. Revenue from driver charging sessions and charging transaction fees is recognized when the charging session or transaction is completed. Revenue from regulatory incentives is recognized when the regulatory incentives are transferred. Revenue from fees for owned and operated sites is recognized over time on a straight-line basis over the performance period of the service contract as ChargePoint has an ongoing obligation to deliver such services. Revenue from professional services is recognized as the services are rendered. 
 ChargePoint expects revenue to grow in both Networked Charging Systems and subscriptions due to increased demand in EVs and the related charging infrastructure market. 
 
 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Networked Charging Systems 363,622 173,850 91,893 189,772 109.2 81,957 89.2 Percentage of total revenue 77.7 72.1 62.7 
 Networked Charging Systems revenue increased for fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily due to a continued increase in demand from customers in ChargePoint s three verticals, resulting in higher volume of Networked Charging Systems delivered across ChargePoint s major product families. 
 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Subscriptions 85,296 53,512 40,563 31,784 59.4 12,949 31.9 Percentage of total revenue 18.2 22.2 27.7 
 Subscriptions revenue increased for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily due to the growth in the number of Cloud subscriptions and Assure subscriptions for Networked Charging Systems connected to ChargePoint s network. 
 47 

Table of Content 

 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Other revenue 19,176 13,644 14,034 5,532 40.5 (390) (2.8) Percentage of total revenue 4.1 5.7 9.6 
 Other revenue increased for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily due to net transaction fees earned for processing payments collected on driver charging sessions at charging sites owned by ChargePoint s customers. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Networked Charging Systems 
 ChargePoint uses contract manufacturers to manufacture the substantial majority of its Networked Charging Systems. ChargePoint s in-house manufacturing is typically limited to initial development units and to early customer samples. ChargePoint s cost of revenue for the sale of Networked Charging Systems includes the contract manufacturer costs of finished goods and shipping and handling. Cost of revenue for the sale of Networked Charging Systems also consists of salaries and related personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation, warranty provisions, depreciation of manufacturing related equipment and facilities, and allocated facilities and information technology expenses. As revenue is recognized, ChargePoint accounts for estimated warranty cost as a charge to cost of revenue. The estimated warranty cost is based on historical and predicted product failure rates and repair expenses. 
 Subscriptions 
 Cost of Subscriptions revenue includes salaries and related personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation and third-party support costs to manage the systems and helpdesk services for drivers and site hosts, network and wireless connectivity costs for subscription services, field costs for Assure, depreciation of owned and operated systems used in CPaaS arrangements, allocated facilities and information technology expenses. 
 Other 
 Cost of other revenue includes depreciation and other costs for ChargePoint s owned and operated charging sites, charging related processing charges, salaries and related personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation, as well as costs of professional services. 
 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Cost of Networked Charging Systems revenue 318,628 147,313 87,083 171,315 116.3 60,230 69.2 Percentage of total revenue 68.1 61.1 59.4 
 Cost of Networked Charging Systems revenue increased during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily due to an increase in the number of Networked Charging Systems delivered. 
 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Cost of Subscriptions revenue 51,416 31,190 20,385 20,226 64.8 10,805 53.0 Percentage of total revenue 11.0 12.9 13.9 
 Cost of subscriptions revenue increased during fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily due to increases in customer support headcount driven by ChargePoint expanding its Networked Charging Systems and resulting in an increase in salaries and personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation, as well as Assure maintenance costs. 
 48 

Table of Content 

 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Cost of Other Revenue 12,117 8,970 6,073 3,147 35.1 2,897 47.7 Percentage of total revenue 2.6 3.7 4.1 
 Cost of other revenue increased for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily related to increased other operating costs. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Gross profit is revenue less cost of revenue and gross margin is gross profit as a percentage of revenue. ChargePoint offers a range of Networked Charging Systems products which vary widely in selling price and associated gross margin, as, for example, ChargePoint s commercial business contributes higher margins than its residential and fleet businesses. Accordingly, ChargePoint s gross profit and gross margin have varied and are expected to continue to vary from period to period due to revenue levels; geographic, vertical and product mix; new product transition costs; and its efforts to optimize its operations and supply chain and purchase price variances it may need to pay due to component shortages or supply chain disruptions. 
 In the long term, improvements in ChargePoint s gross profit and gross margin will depend on its ability to continue to optimize its operations and supply chain as it increases its revenue. However, at least in the short term, as the product mix continues to vary and as ChargePoint continues to optimize for customer acquisition and prioritize assurance of supply of its products as part of its land and expand model, launches new Networked Charging Systems products, grows its presence in Europe where it has not yet achieved economies of scale, and expands its solutions for its fleet customers, gross margin will vary from period to period. In addition, ChargePoint expects gross margins will continue to be adversely affected by increased material costs, particularly due to the shortage of certain semiconductors, as a result of the ongoing worldwide supply chain disruptions. 
 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Gross Profit 85,933 53,533 32,949 32,400 60.5 20,584 62.5 Gross Margin 18.4 22.2 22.5 
 Gross profit increased for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily due to an increase in Networked Charging Systems sales that resulted from an increase in the number of Networked Charging Systems delivered and an increase in subscriptions revenue. 
 Gross margin decreased for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily 
 due (i) to product mix changes towards lower gross margin products, (ii) higher purchase price costs and increased logistic costs incurred as the result of component shortages and supply chain challenges, (iii) new product transition costs, and (iv) increases in customer support headcount and resulting personnel compensation. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation, for personnel related to the development of improvements and expanded features for ChargePoint s services, as well as quality assurance, testing, product management, and allocated facilities and information technology expenses. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 
 ChargePoint expects its research and development expenses to increase on an absolute basis for the foreseeable future as ChargePoint continues to invest in research and development activities to achieve its technology and product roadmap. 
 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Research and Development Expenses 194,957 145,043 75,017 49,914 34.4 70,026 93.3 Percentage of total revenue 41.6 60.2 51.2 
 49 

Table of Content 

 Research and development expenses increased during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 and was primarily attributable to a 24.9 million increase in compensation related expenses due to headcount growth, a 12.5 million increase in stock-based compensation expense from restricted stock unit RSU grants, a 4.0 million increase in engineering materials and services costs, as well as a 5.5 million increase in depreciation and other expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation, sales commissions, professional services fees, travel, marketing and promotional expenses, bad debt expenses, and allocated facilities and information technology expenses. 
 ChargePoint expects its sales and marketing expenses to increase on an absolute basis for the foreseeable future while it continues to add sales and marketing personnel, expand its sales channels and expand in Europe. 
 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Sales and marketing expenses 142,392 92,550 53,002 49,842 53.9 39,548 74.6 Percentage of total revenue 30.4 38.4 36.2 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily attributable to a 20.4 million increase in compensation related expenses due to headcount growth, a 8.2 million increase in stock-based compensation expense resulting mainly from RSU grants, a 5.5 million increase in amortization expense mainly due to acquired customer relationship intangible assets from business combinations, a 3.5 million increase in travel expenses, and a 3.5 million increase in consulting and marketing expense. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation, related to finance, legal and human resource functions, contractor and professional services fees, audit and compliance expenses, insurance costs, and general corporate expenses, including allocated facilities and information technology expenses. 
 ChargePoint expects its general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars as it continues to grow its business and to operate as a public company, including expenses related to compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, as well as higher expenses for investor relations and legal, accounting and other professional services. 
 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) General and administrative expenses 90,366 81,380 25,922 8,986 11.0 55,458 213.9 Percentage of total revenue 19.3 33.8 17.7 
 General and administrative expenses increased during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily attributable to a 9.9 million increase in salary and benefit expenses due to headcount growth, a 4.7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense resulting mainly from RSU grants, a 3.2 million increase in consulting expenses, partially offset by a 6.8 million decrease in professional services fees related to acquisitions and expenses associated with an underwritten secondary offering of shares held by certain selling stockholders and other expense decreases. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on ChargePoint s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
 50 

Table of Content 

 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Interest income 5,534 98 315 5,436 5546.9 (217) (68.9) Percentage of total revenue 1.2 0.2 
 Interest income increased during fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 due to interest income from short-term investments purchased in fiscal year 2023. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of the interest on ChargePoint s 2027 Convertible Notes that were issued in April 2022 which are described more completely below in Liquidity and Capital Resources . 
 For the Year Ended January 31, Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 vs 2022 2022 vs 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Interest expense (9,434) (1,502) (3,253) (7,932) 528.1 1,751 (53.8) Percentage of total revenue (2.0) (0.6) (2.2) 
 Interest expense increased during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily due to interest expense on the 2027 Convertible Notes. 
 Changes in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities, Earnout Liabilities and Transaction Costs Expensed 
 The redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liability was subject to remeasurement to fair value at each balance sheet date. Changes in fair value of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liability are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. ChargePoint adjusts the liability for changes in fair value until the earlier of the exercise or expiration of the warrants and conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock into Common Stock. Common stock warrant liabilities consisted of Public Warrants and private placement warrants issued to NGP Switchback, LLC Private Placement Warrants which ChargePoint assumed in connection with the Merger and which were subject to remeasurement to fair value at each balance sheet date. As of April 30, 2022, all Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants had been exercised or redeemed. The Company recorded a 9.2 million change in fair value of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liability and 47.8 million change in fair value in assumed common stock warrant liabilities during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. As of January 31, 2023, ChargePoint had no outstanding warrant liabilities. 
 Contingent earnout liability was accounted for as a liability as of the date of the Merger (as described in Note 12, Stock Warrants and Earnout, to ChargePoint s notes to the consolidated financial statements) and remeasured to fair value until the Earnout Triggering Events (as described in Note 12, Stock Warrants and Earnout, to ChargePoint s notes to the consolidated financial statements) were met for the first two tranches in March 2021 and the corresponding Earnout Shares (as described in Note 12, Stock Warrants and Earnout, to ChargePoint s notes to the consolidated financial statements) were issued. In March 2021, the remaining earnout liability for the third tranche converted to be accounted for as equity. The Company recorded a 84.4 million change in fair value of contingent earnout liability during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 due to the decrease in the fair value of ChargePoint s Common Stock after consummation of the Merger. The Earnout Triggering Event was met for the third and final tranche in June 2021, and in July 2021, the remaining Earnout Shares were issued. The final Earnout Shares were issued in July 2021, and as such, there was no remaining contingent earnout liability during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 Transaction costs consist of legal, accounting, banking fees and other costs that were directly related to the consummation of the Merger. Transaction costs related to the issuance of shares were recognized in stockholders equity (deficit) while costs of 7.0 million associated with the warrant liabilities and non-capitalized amounts were expensed during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 upon the completion of the Merger on February 26, 2021. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign currency transaction gains and losses. 
 51 

Table of Content 

 Year Ended January 31, Year-over-Year Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Other income (expense), net (1,569) (2,775) 229 1,206 (43.5) (3,004) (1311.8) Percentage of total revenue (0.3) (1.2) 0.2 
 Other income (expense), net changed from (2.8) million during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 to (1.6) million during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 due to favorable changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 ChargePoint s provision for income taxes consists of federal, state and foreign income taxes based on enacted federal, state and foreign tax rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax law. Due to the level of historical losses, ChargePoint maintains a valuation allowance against U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets as it has concluded it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Year Ended January 31, Year-over-Year Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands, except percentages) Change ) Change ) Change ) Change ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes (2,167) (2,930) 198 763 (26.0) (3,128) (1579.8) Percentage of loss before provision (benefit) for income taxes 0.6 2.2 (0.1) 
 The benefit for income taxes decreased during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 as compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 primarily due to changes to deferred tax liability. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Historical Sources of Liquidity 
 ChargePoint has incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operations since its inception, which it anticipates will continue for the foreseeable future. To date, ChargePoint has funded its business and the acquisitions of ViriCiti and HTB primarily with proceeds from the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, proceeds from the Merger, proceeds from warrant and option exercises for cash, convertible debt and from customer payments. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, ChargePoint had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and short-term investments of 399.5 million and 315.6 million, respectively. ChargePoint believes that its cash and short-term investments, and cash generated from sales to customers will satisfy its working capital and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 From inception to January 31, 2023, ChargePoint has raised aggregate net cash proceeds of 615.7 million from the sale of shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock and 479.2 million from the Merger and the concurrent purchase by certain investors of shares of Common Stock pursuant to separate subscription agreements (the PIPE financing ). 
 2027 Convertible Notes 
 In April 2022, ChargePoint completed a private placement of 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes, which will mature on April 1, 2027 (the 2027 Convertible Notes ). The net proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Convertible Notes were approximately 294.0 million after deducting initial purchaser discounts and commissions and the Company s offering expenses. ChargePoint expects to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. 
 The 2027 Convertible Notes bear interest at 3.50 per annum, to the extent paid in cash Cash Interest ), which is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1st and October 1st of each year or 5.00 per annum through the issuance of additional 2027 Convertible Notes PIK Interest ). The 2027 Convertible Notes are convertible, based on the applicable conversion rate, into cash, shares of ChargePoint Common Stock or a combination thereof, at ChargePoint s election. The initial conversion rate was 41.6119 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment in certain circumstances, which represented an initial conversion price of approximately 24.03 per share. 
 52 

Table of Content 

 For additional details refer to Note 9, Debt, to ChargePoint s notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. 
 Shelf Registration and ATM Facility 
 On July 1, 2022, ChargePoint filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265986) with the SEC (that was declared effective by the SEC on July 12, 2022), which permits ChargePoint to offer up to 1.0 billion of shares of Common Stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and rights in one or more offerings and in any combination, including in units from time to time (the Shelf Registration Statement ). As part of the Shelf Registration Statement, ChargePoint filed a prospectus supplement registering for sale from time to time up to 500.0 million shares of Common Stock pursuant to a sales agreement (the ATM Facility ). During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, ChargePoint had generated proceeds of 49.5 million, net of 0.5 million of issuance costs in connection with the sale of common stock under the ATM Facility. As of January 31, 2023, 450.0 million of shares of Common Stock remained available for sale pursuant to the ATM Facility. 
 Long-Term Liquidity Requirements 
 ChargePoint has incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. Until ChargePoint can generate sufficient revenue to cover its cost of sales, operating expenses, working capital and capital expenditures, it expects to primarily fund cash needs through a combination of equity and debt financing. ChargePoint may borrow funds on terms that may include restrictive covenants, including covenants that restrict the operation of its business, liens on assets, high effective interest rates and repayment provisions that reduce cash resources and limit future access to capital markets. ChargePoint expects to opportunistically seek access to additional funds through public or private equity offerings or debt financings, including through potential sales of Common Stock under its ATM Facility. If ChargePoint raises funds by issuing equity securities or debt securities convertible into equity securities, dilution to stockholders may result. Any equity securities issued may also provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of Common Stock. If ChargePoint raises funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of Common Stock. The terms of debt securities or borrowings could impose significant restrictions on ChargePoint s operations and expose ChargePoint to enhanced risks associated with rising interest rates and elevated inflation experienced globally during fiscal year 2023. The capital markets have in the past, and may in the future, experience periods of higher volatility that could impact the availability and cost of equity and debt financing. 
 ChargePoint s principal use of cash in recent periods has been funding its operations, the acquisitions of ViriCiti and HTB, and investing in capital expenditures. ChargePoint s future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including its revenue growth rate, the timing and the amount of cash received from customers, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, expenses associated with its international expansion, the introduction of network enhancements and the continuing market adoption of its Networked Charging Systems. In the future, ChargePoint may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, products and technologies. ChargePoint may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing beyond the amounts available to it pursuant to the ATM Facility. 
 If ChargePoint requires additional financing, it may not be able to raise such financing on acceptable terms or at all, particularly if certain unfavorable economic and market conditions persist or worsen and intensify risks of a potential recession or other economic downturn. If ChargePoint is unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand its operations and invest in continued innovation, it may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm its business, results of operations and financial condition. If adequate funds are not available, ChargePoint may need to reconsider its expansion plans or limit its research and development activities, which could have a material adverse impact on its business prospects and results of operations. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 For the Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth a summary of ChargePoint s cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (267,049) (157,178) (91,846) Investing activities (126,154) (221,740) 35,530 Financing activities 372,859 549,687 128,913 Effects of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (729) (1,025) 141 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (21,073) 169,744 72,738 
 53 

Table of Content 

 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 During the year ended January 31, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 267.0 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of 345.1 million and change in operating assets and liabilities of 64.3 million, offset by an add back of non-cash charges of 142.4 million. The non-cash charges consisted primarily of 93.4 million of stock-based compensation expense, 25.1 million of depreciation, and amortization expense and amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs, 4.7 million of non-cash operating lease costs and 16.8 million of other costs. The change in operating assets and liabilities was mainly driven by increases in accounts receivable of 94.6 million, inventory of 39.4 million, prepaid expenses and other assets of 38.0 million and operating lease liabilities of 5.0 million, offset by increases in deferred revenue of 51.8 million, accounts payable of 31.5 million and accrued and other liabilities of 29.4 million. 
 During the year ended January 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 157.2 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of 132.2 million, partially offset by a decrease in net operating assets of 17.1 million and non-cash charges of 42.0 million. The non-cash charges consisted primarily of a 84.4 million change in the fair value of contingent earnout liability and a 57.1 million change in the fair value of warrant liabilities, offset by a 67.3 million stock-based compensation expense, a 16.5 million depreciation and amortization, and 7.0 million transaction costs related to the consummation of the Merger. The change in operating assets and liabilities was mainly driven by increases in deferred revenue of 55.3 million, accrued and other liabilities of 21.6 million and accounts payable of 7.9 million, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of 38.4 million and prepaid expenses and other assets of 23.9 million and a decrease in operating lease liabilities of 3.5 million. 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities 
 During the year ended January 31, 2023, net cash used in investing activities was 126.2 million consisting of cash paid for purchases of short-term investments of 284.8 million, purchases of property and equipment of 18.6 million, and additional cash paid for acquisitions (net of cash acquired) related to the acquisition of HTB in the prior year of 2.8 million, partially offset by cash received from maturities of short-term investments of 180.0 million. 
 During the year ended January 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was 221.7 million, consisting of cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, of 205.3 million, partially offset by purchases of property and equipment of 16.4 million. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 During the year ended January 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 372.9 million, consisting of net proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt of 294.0 million, proceeds from the sale of common stock under the ATM Facility, net of commissions and fees, of 49.5 million, proceeds from the issuance of common stock under employee equity plans, net of tax withholdings, of 11.4 million, proceeds from the exercise of stock options and warrants of 6.9 million, and change in driver funds and amounts due to customers of 11.1 million. 
 During the year ended January 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 549.7 million, consisting of net proceeds from the Merger and PIPE financing of 511.6 million, proceeds from the exercise of warrants of 118.9 million and proceeds from exercises of vested and unvested stock options of 4.9 million and change in driver funds and amounts due to customers of 3.7 million, partially offset by repayment of borrowings of 36.1 million, payment of transaction costs related to the Merger of 32.5 million and payment of tax withholding obligations on settlement of Earnout Shares of 20.9 million. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 ChargePoint s material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations and commitments as of January 31, 2023. For more information regarding ChargePoint s other contractual obligations, refer to Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies , to its notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Operating Lease Obligations 
 ChargePoint has operating lease obligations for office spaces and data centers. As of January 31, 2023, ChargePoint had lease payment obligations of 32.8 million, with 6.7 million payable within twelve months. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 From time to time in the ordinary course of business, ChargePoint enters into agreements with vendors for the purchase of components and raw materials. However, due to contractual terms and variability in production levels, and opportunities to renegotiate pricing, ChargePoint generally does not have long-term binding and enforceable purchase orders under such contracts, and the timing and magnitude of purchase orders beyond such period is difficult to accurately project. 
 54 

Table of Content 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of ChargePoint s financial condition and results of operations is based on its consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires ChargePoint to make estimates and assumptions for the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. ChargePoint s estimates are based on its historical experience and on various other factors that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material. 
 While ChargePoint s significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to its consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, it believes the following accounting policies and estimates to be most critical to the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 ChargePoint recognizes revenue using the five-step model in determining revenue recognition: (a) identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; (b) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (c) determination of the transaction price; (d) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (e) recognition of revenue when, or as, it satisfies a performance obligation. 
 ChargePoint enters into contracts with customers that regularly include promises to transfer multiple products and services, such as Networked Charging Systems, software subscriptions, extended maintenance, and professional services. For arrangements with multiple products and services, ChargePoint evaluates whether the individual products and services qualify as distinct performance obligations. In ChargePoint s assessment of whether products and services are a distinct performance obligation, it determines whether the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or with other readily available resources and whether the service is separately identifiable from other products or services in the contract. This evaluation requires ChargePoint to assess the nature of each of its Networked Charging Systems, subscriptions and other offerings and how they are provided in the context of the contract, including whether they are significantly integrated which may require judgment based on the facts and circumstances of the contract. 
 The transaction price for each contract is determined based on the amount ChargePoint expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring the promised products or services to the customer. Collectability of revenue is reasonably assured based on historical evidence of collectability of fees ChargePoint charges its customers. The transaction price in the contract is allocated to each distinct performance obligation in an amount that represents the relative amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for satisfying each performance obligation. Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied. Revenue is recorded based on the transaction price excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as sales taxes, which are collected on behalf of and remitted to governmental authorities, or driver fees, which are collected on behalf of customers who offer public charging for a fee. 
 When agreements involve multiple distinct performance obligations, ChargePoint accounts for individual performance obligations separately. ChargePoint applies significant judgment in identifying and accounting for each performance obligation as a result of evaluating terms and conditions in contracts. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis. ChargePoint determines SSP based on observable standalone selling price when it is available, as well as other factors, including the price charged to its customers, its discounting practices and its overall pricing objectives, while maximizing observable inputs. In situations where pricing is highly variable, or a product is never sold on a stand-alone basis, ChargePoint estimates the SSP using the residual approach. 
 Areas of Judgment and Estimates 
 Determining whether the Networked Charging Systems, Cloud, Assure and professional services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or as a single performance obligation requires significant judgment. In reaching its conclusion, ChargePoint assesses the nature of each individual service offering and how the services are provided in the context of the contract, including whether the services are significantly integrated, which may require judgment based on the facts and circumstances of the contract. 
 Determining the relative SSP for contracts that contain multiple performance obligations requires significant judgment. ChargePoint determines SSP using observable pricing when available, which takes into consideration market conditions and customer specific factors while maximizing observable inputs. When observable pricing is not available, ChargePoint applies the residual approach to estimate the SSP. After establishing the SSP, ChargePoint then allocates the transaction price using the relative selling price method. 
 55 

Table of Content 

 Inventory 
 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory levels are analyzed periodically and written down to their net realizable value if they have become obsolete, have a cost basis in excess of expected net realizable value or are in excess of expected demand. ChargePoint analyzes current and future product demand relative to the remaining product life to identify potential excess inventories. These forecasts of future demand are based upon historical trends and adjusted for overall market conditions. Inventory write-downs are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and its net realizable value, and charged to inventory reserves, which is a component of cost of revenue. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for those inventories is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. 
 Business Combination 
 Business combinations are accounted for under the acquisition method. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of a business acquisition are generally recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. The excess of purchase price over the amount allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any, is recorded as goodwill. In determining the fair value of assets acquired, including intangible assets, and liabilities assumed, ChargePoint utilizes a variety of methods. Each asset acquired and liability assumed is measured at fair value from the perspective of a market participant. The method used to estimate the fair values of intangible assets incorporates significant estimates and assumptions regarding the estimates a market participant would make in order to evaluate an asset, including a market participant s use of the asset, future cash inflows and outflows, probabilities of success, asset lives and the appropriate discount rates. This judgment and determination affects the amount of consideration paid that is allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the business purchase transaction. The Company engages third-party appraisal firms to assist in determining fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed when appropriate. 
 During the remeasurement period, which extends no later than one year from the acquisition date, ChargePoint may record certain adjustments to the carrying value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with a corresponding offset to goodwill. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 Determining the grant date fair value of employee stock purchase plan ESPP rights using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires management to make certain assumptions and judgments. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties, and, if different assumptions had been used, stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different from the amounts recorded. Stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as an expense, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. ChargePoint estimates the forfeiture rate based on the historical experience at the date of grant and revises it, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. For performance-based stock options issued, the value of the award is measured at the grant date as the fair value of the award and is expensed over the requisite service period, using the accelerated attribution method, once the performance condition becomes probable of being achieved. These inputs are subjective and generally required significant analysis and judgment to develop. 
 The determination of the grant date fair value of ESPP rights issued is affected by a number of variables, including the expected Common Stock price volatility over the term of the award, the expected term of the award, risk-free interest rates, and the expected dividend yield of ChargePoint Common Stock. 
 Expected volatility: The expected volatility for the ESPP rights was determined by using a blended volatility approach of peer volatility and implied volatility. Peer volatility was calculated as the average of historical volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to ChargePoint s business corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Risk-free interest rate: The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Expected dividend yield: The expected dividend rate is zero as ChargePoint currently has no history or expectation of declaring dividends on its Common Stock. 
 Expected term: The expected term represented the period the ESPP rights were expected to remain outstanding and is based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the stock-based awards, vesting schedules, and expectations of future employee behavior. 
 Income Taxes 
 ChargePoint utilizes the asset and liability method in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the estimated future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those 
 56 

Table of Content 

 temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax expense or benefit is the result of changes in the deferred tax asset and liability. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets where it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. ChargePoint makes estimates, assumptions and judgments to determine its provision for its income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. ChargePoint assesses the likelihood that its deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and to the extent it believes that recovery is not likely, it establishes a valuation allowance. 
 ChargePoint recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon settlement. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits which, have not been material, are recognized within provision for income taxes. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 ChargePoint is exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates. ChargePoint had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling 294.6 million and short-term investments of 105.0 million as of January 31, 2023. Cash equivalents were invested primarily in money market funds. ChargePoint s investment policy is focused on the preservation of capital and supporting its liquidity needs. Under the policy, ChargePoint invests in highly rated securities, issued by the U.S. government, and short durations or liquid money market funds. ChargePoint does not invest in financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, nor does it use leveraged financial instruments. ChargePoint utilizes external investment managers who adhere to the guidelines of its investment policy. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not have a material impact on the value of ChargePoint s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. There was no material change in ChargePoint s interest rate risk during fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 ChargePoint has foreign currency risks related to its revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the euro, causing both its revenue and its operating results to be impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rates. As ChargePoint s foreign operations expand, its results may be more materially impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rates of the currencies in which it does business. 
 Gains or losses from the revaluation of certain cash balances, accounts receivable balances and intercompany balances that are denominated in these currencies can impact ChargePoint s net loss. A hypothetical decrease in all foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar of 10 would not result in a material foreign currency loss on foreign-denominated balances, as of January 31, 2023. There was no material change in ChargePoint s foreign currency risk during fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 
 At this time, ChargePoint does not enter into financial instruments to hedge its foreign currency exchange risk, but it may in the future. 
 57 

Table of Content 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 59 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 66 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 
 
 58 

Table of Content 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO because material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting existed as of that date related to the Company not designing and maintaining (i) effective controls over certain information technology general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements, including effective controls over program change management, user access, and program development and (ii) effective controls over segregation of duties. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses referred to above are described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. We considered these material weaknesses in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the January 31, 2023 consolidated financial statements, and our opinion regarding the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting does not affect our opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in management's report referred to above. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Content 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Impact of Personnel and Controls Related to Financial Reporting 
 The completeness and accuracy of the consolidated financial statements, including the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, is dependent on, in part, (i) maintaining a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate degree of accounting knowledge, experience and training to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters; (ii) designing and maintaining formal accounting policies, procedures and controls over significant accounts and disclosures to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including accounting for complex features associated with warrants and adequate controls related to the preparation and review of journal entries; (iii) designing and maintaining controls over segregation of duties; and (iv) designing and maintaining controls over information technology general controls for information systems that are relevant for the Company s financial statements, including controls over program change management, user access, and program development. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the consolidated financial statements - impact of personnel and controls related to financial reporting is a critical audit matter are a high degree of auditor subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to business processes that affect substantially all financial statement account balances and disclosures. As disclosed by management, material weaknesses existed during the year related to management not designing and maintaining (i) a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate degree of accounting knowledge, experience and training to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters and (ii) formal accounting policies, procedures and controls over significant accounts and disclosures to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including accounting for complex features associated with warrants and adequate controls related to the preparation and review of journal entries. As described in the Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting section, material weaknesses related to not designing and maintaining (i) effective controls over certain information technology general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements, including effective controls over program change management, user access, and program development and (ii) effective controls over segregation of duties existed as of January 31, 2023 related to this matter. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others, evaluating and determining the nature and extent of audit procedures performed and evidence obtained that are responsive to the material weaknesses identified. These procedures also included (i) manually testing the completeness and accuracy of system reports or other information generated by the Company s information systems; (ii) evaluating whether segregation of duties was maintained; and (iii) evaluating whether management designed and maintained formal accounting policies, procedures and controls over significant accounts and disclosures to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including accounting for complex features associated with warrants and adequate controls related to the preparation and review of journal entries. 

/s/ 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 60 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 January 31, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance of as of January 31, 2023 and as of January 31, 2022 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, noncurrent Debt, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders' equity: Common stock: par value; shares authorized as of each of January 31, 2023 and 2022; and shares issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of each of January 31, 2023 and 2022; shares issued and outstanding as of each of January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Revenue Networked charging systems Subscriptions Other Total revenue Cost of revenue Networked charging systems Subscriptions Other Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense and amortization of debt discount and issuance cost ) ) ) Change in fair value of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liability ) Change in fair value of assumed common stock warrant liabilities ) Change in fair value of contingent earnout liability Transaction costs expensed ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Accretion of beneficial conversion feature of redeemable convertible preferred stock ) Cumulative undeclared dividends on redeemable convertible preferred stock ) ) Deemed dividends attributable to vested option holders ) Deemed dividends attributable to common stock warrant holders ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders - Basic ) ) ) Gain attributable to earnout shares issued ) Change in fair value of dilutive warrants ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders - Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted Net loss per share - Basic ) ) ) Net loss per share - Diluted ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 62 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 Years Ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Available-for-sale short-term investments: Unrealized loss on short-term investments, net of tax ) Reclassification to net income, net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and 
 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 Years Ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of January 31, 2020 
 ) ) Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock and common warrants, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock warrants in connection with Series H-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock Beneficial conversion feature in connection with Series H-1 redeemable preferred stock ) Accretion of beneficial conversion feature in connection with Series H-1 redeemable preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of vested stock options Issuance of common stock related to early exercise of stock options Vesting of early exercised stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Balances as of January 31, 2021 
 ) ) Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock into common stock in connection with the reverse recapitalization, including impact of Series H-1 paid in kind dividend ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, net of tax withholdings Reclassification of Legacy ChargePoint preferred stock warrant liability upon the reverse recapitalization Issuance of common stock upon the reverse recapitalization, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock pursuant to business combinations Issuance of earnout shares upon triggering events, net of tax withholding Contingent earnout liability recognized upon the closing of the reverse recapitalization ) ) Reclassification of remaining contingent earnout liability upon triggering event Vesting of early exercised stock options Repurchase of early exercised common stock ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances as of January 31, 2022 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, net of tax withholdings Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase Issuance of common stock in connection with ATM offerings, net of issuance costs Vesting of early exercised stock options 
 64 

Table of Content 

 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Repurchase of early exercised common stock ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances as of January 31, 2023 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash operating lease cost Stock-based compensation Amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs Transaction costs expensed Change in fair value of common stock warrant liabilities ) Change in fair value of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liability ) Change in fair value of contingent earnout liabilities ) Change in fair value of earnout liability recognized upon acquisition of ViriCiti Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other liabilities Deferred revenue Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of investments ) Maturities of investments Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock Proceeds from the exercise of public warrants Merger and PIPE financing Payment of tax withholding obligations on settlement of earnout shares ) Repayment of borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock warrants, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs Payments of transaction costs related to Merger ) Change in driver funds and amounts due to customers Payment of deferred transaction costs ) Proceeds from issuance of stock in connection with stock plans, net of withholding taxes Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with ATM offerings Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 66 

Table of Content 

 Year Ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 Supplementary cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Supplementary cash flow information on non-cash investing and financing activities Accretion of beneficial conversion feature of redeemable convertible preferred stock Deferred transaction costs not yet paid Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Right-of-use asset remeasurement subsequent to lease extension Acquisitions of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued and other current liabilities Vesting of early exercised stock options Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock into common stock in connection with the reverse recapitalization Reclassification of Legacy ChargePoint redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liability upon the reverse capitalization Contingent earnout liability recognized upon the closing of the reverse recapitalization Reclassification of remaining contingent earnout liability upon triggering event Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 shares of common stock PIPE Investors concurrently with the Closing for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 The Company s fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 relate to the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, January 31, 2022, and January 31, 2021, respectively. 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. 
 million from the Merger. The Company had cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and short-term investments of million as of January 31, 2023. As of the date on which these consolidated financial statements were issued, the Company believes that its cash on hand, together with cash generated from sales to customers, will satisfy its working capital and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months following the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. The Company s operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown and there can be no assurance that the current operating plan will be achieved at the levels or in the time frame anticipated by the Company, and it may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. If adequate funds are not available to the Company on a timely basis, it may be required to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate certain commercial efforts, or pursue merger or acquisition strategies, all of which could adversely affect the holdings or the rights of the Company s stockholders. 
 
 2. 
 
 68 

Table of Content 

Concentration of Credit Risk and Other Risks and Uncertainties 
 Concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivable is considered to be limited due to the diversity of the Company s customer base and geographic sales areas. As of January 31, 2023, one customer individually accounted for or more of accounts receivable, net. As of January 31, 2022, there was no customer that accounted for 10 or more of accounts receivable, net. For the year ended January 31, 2023, there was one customer that represented or more of total revenue. For the years ended January 31, 2022, and 2021 there were no customers that represented 10 or more of total revenue. 
 The Company s revenue is concentrated in the infrastructure needed for charging EVs, an industry which is highly competitive and rapidly changing. Significant technological changes within the industry or customer requirements, or the emergence of competitive products with new capabilities or technologies, could adversely affect the Company s operating results. 
 Segment Reporting 
 operating segment because its CODM, who is its Chief Executive Officer, reviews its financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of making decisions regarding allocating resources and assessing performance. The Company has no segment managers who are held accountable by the CODM for operations, operating results, and planning for levels of components below the consolidated unit level. 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 
 
 Restricted cash relates to cash deposits restricted under letters of credit issued in support of customer and contract manufacturer agreements. 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 69 

Table of Content 

 Accounts Receivable, net 
 
 ) Year ended January 31, 2022 
 Allowance for expected credit losses ) Year ended January 31, 2021 
 Allowance for expected credit losses ) 
 Inventories 
 
 70 

Table of Content 

to years 
 Computers and software to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Tooling to years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of the estimated lease term or useful life Owned and operated systems to years 
 
 Internal-Use Software Development Costs 
 As of January 31, 2023 and 2022 capitalized costs have not been material. 
 Leases 
 71 

Table of Content 

 Lessor 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 There were impairments of long-lived assets for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Goodwill 
 The carrying value of goodwill was million as of January 31, 2023 and million as of January 31, 2022, and goodwill impairment has been recognized to date. 
 Intangible Assets 
 . 
 72 

Table of Content 

 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants 
 Common Stock Warrant Liabilities 
 The Company assumed publicly-traded warrants Public Warrants and private placement warrants issued to NGP Switchback, LLC, the sponsor of Switchback Private Placement Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Common Stock Warrants upon the Merger, all of which were issued in connection with Switchback s initial public offering and subsequent overallotment (other than Private Placement Warrants which were issued in connection with the closing of the Merger) and entitle the holder to purchase one share of the Company s Common Stock, par value Common Stock ), at an exercise price of per share. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, the remaining Private Placement Warrants were exercised. As of January 31, 2023, no Common Stock Warrants remain outstanding. 
 
 73 

Table of Content 

 Revenue Recognition 
 to days. 
 74 

Table of Content 

 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The Company s Assure, Cloud, and CPaaS subscription terms typically range from one to and are paid upfront. Revenue expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations was million as of January 31, 2023, of which is expected to be recognized over the next and the remainder thereafter. 
 Deferred Revenue 

The following table shows the revenue recognized that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period. 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Total deferred revenue recognized 
 75 

Table of Content 

 . The benefit period was estimated by taking into consideration the length of customer contracts, renewals, technology lifecycle, and other factors. This amortization is recorded within sales and marketing expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The sales commissions paid related to the sale of Networked Charging Systems are expensed as incurred. 
 The Company elected the practical expedient that permits the Company to apply ASC Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs--Contracts with Customers, ASC 340 to a portfolio containing multiple contracts, as they are similar in their characteristics, and the financial statement effects of applying ASC Subtopic 340-40 to that portfolio would not differ materially from applying it to the individual contracts within that portfolio. 
 Capitalization of deferred contract acquisition costs Amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs ) Balance as of January 31, 2022 
 Capitalization of deferred contract acquisition costs Amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs ) Balance as of January 31, 2023 
 
 Deferred acquisition costs capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets were as follows: 
 January 31 2023 2022 (in thousands) Deferred contract acquisition costs, current Deferred contract acquisition costs, noncurrent Total deferred contract acquisition costs 
 Research and Development 
 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 
 76 

Table of Content 

 Advertising 
 Advertising expenses for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were material. 
 Warranty 
 Warranty expense for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 . The costs related to the Assure program are expensed as incurred and charged to subscriptions cost of revenue. 
 Foreign Currency 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Net Loss per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders 
 
 77 

Table of Content 

Accounting Pronouncements 

3. 
 U.S. Treasury securities Total financial assets 
 Fair Value Measured as of January 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total in thousands) Assets Money market funds Total financial assets Liabilities Common stock warrant liabilities (Private Placement) Contingent earnout liability recognized upon acquisition of ViriCiti (ViriCiti Earnout) Total financial liabilities 
 The money market funds were classified as cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets and were within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The aggregate fair value of the Company s money market funds approximated amortized cost and, as such, 
 78 

Table of Content Change in fair value included in other income (expense), net ) Fair value as of January 31, 2021 ) Private placement warrant liability acquired as part of the Merger ) Contingent earnout liability recognized upon the closing of the reverse recapitalization 
 ) Contingent earnout liability recognized upon the acquisition of ViriCiti ViriCiti Earnout ) Change in fair value ) Reclassification of warrants to stockholders equity (deficit) due to exercise Reclassification of Legacy ChargePoint preferred stock warrant liability upon the reverse capitalization Issuance of earnout shares upon triggering events Reclassification of remaining contingent earnout liability upon triggering event 
 Fair value as of January 31, 2022 ) ) Change in fair value included in other income (expense), net ) Effect of foreign currency translation Reclassification of warrants to stockholder s equity (deficit) due to exercise Contingent earnout liability increase upon satisfaction of earnings goal of ViriCiti (ViriCiti Earnout) ) Transfer out of Level 3 upon achievement of earnings target for the earnout period Fair Value as of January 31, 2023 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Warrant Liability, Private Placement Warrant Liability, and Earnout Liability 
 The fair values of the private placement warrant liability, redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liability and earnout liability are based on significant unobservable inputs, which represent Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements of the private placement warrant liability, the redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liability and the earnout liability include the expected volatility and dividend yield. In determining the fair value of the private placement warrant liability, the Company used the Binomial Lattice Model BLM that assumes optimal exercise of the Company's redemption option at the earliest possible date. In determining the fair value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant liability, the Company used the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model Black-Scholes to estimate the fair value using unobservable inputs including the expected term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. In determining the fair value of the earnout liability, the Company used the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using a distribution of potential outcomes on a monthly basis over the Earnout Period using the most reliable information available. 
 ViriCiti Earnout Liability 
 On August 11, 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of ViriCiti Group B.V. ViriCiti ). The purchase price consideration included an earnout consideration contingent on meeting certain revenue targets through January 21, 2023. The fair value 
 79 

Table of Content 

 million, for the earnout period is based on the actual achievement of the revenue target and was subsequently paid in full on March 6, 2023 (see Note 18, Subsequent Events ). Thus, the liability is no longer subject to fair value measurement and was accordingly transferred out of Level 3 fair value hierarchy, and is included in the Accrued and other current liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company has certain assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, which are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are adjusted to fair value only if an impairment charge is recognized. The categorization of the framework used to measure fair value of the assets is considered to be within the Level 3 valuation hierarchy due to the subjective nature of the unobservable inputs used. 
 Disclosure of Fair Values 
 The Company has financial instruments that are not re-measured at fair value including accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued and other current liabilities. The carrying values of these financial instruments approximate their fair values. 
 
 4. 
 ) 
 The amortized cost and fair value amounts include accrued interest receivable of million as of January 31, 2023. There were short-term investments as of January 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The U.S. treasury securities are marketable debt securities stated on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value based upon inputs other than quoted prices in active markets (Level 2 inputs). The Company recorded million unrealized losses as a component of other comprehensive loss for the year ended January 31, 2023. The Company did recognize any gains or losses for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 As of January 31, 2023, all of the available-for-sale debt securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than twelve months. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company did not recognize credit-related impairment losses and had ending allowance for credit losses. The decline in fair value below amortized cost basis was not considered other than temporary as it is more likely than not the Company will hold the debt securities until maturity or a recovery of the cost basis. 
 As of January 31, 2023, all of the marketable debt securities have contractual maturities of less than one year. 
 
 5. 
 shares of Legacy ChargePoint s outstanding Series H-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Legacy ChargePoint common stock on a -to-one basis and an additional shares of Common Stock were issued to settle the accumulated dividend to the Series H-1 redeemable convertible preferred stockholders of million; 
 80 

Table of Content 

 shares of Legacy ChargePoint s outstanding Series H, Series G, Series F, Series E, and Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Legacy ChargePoint common stock on a -to-one basis; 
 all shares of Legacy ChargePoint s outstanding Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Legacy ChargePoint common stock on a 1: basis; 
 all shares of Legacy ChargePoint s outstanding Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Legacy ChargePoint common stock on a 1: basis; and 
 all shares of Legacy ChargePoint s outstanding Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock were converted into an equivalent number of shares of Legacy ChargePoint common stock on a 1: basis. 
 At the Merger, eligible ChargePoint equity holders received or had the right to receive shares of Common Stock at a deemed value of per share after giving effect to the exchange ratio of as defined in the Merger Agreement Exchange Ratio ). Accordingly, immediately following the consummation of the Merger, Legacy ChargePoint common stock exchanged into shares of Common Stock, shares were reserved for the issuance of Common Stock upon the potential future exercise of Legacy ChargePoint stock options and warrants that were exchanged into ChargePoint stock options and warrants, and shares of Common Stock were reserved for the potential future issuance of the Earnout Shares. 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Switchback entered into separate subscription agreements (each a Subscription Agreement with a number of investors (each a New PIPE Investor ), pursuant to which the New PIPE Investors agreed to purchase, and Switchback agreed to sell to the New PIPE Investors, an aggregate of shares of Common Stock PIPE Shares ), for a purchase price of per share and an aggregate purchase price of million, in a private placement pursuant to the subscription agreements PIPE Financing ). The PIPE Financing closed simultaneously with the consummation of the Merger. 
 Pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement the initial Switchback stockholders entered into in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement Founders Stock Letter ), the initial stockholders surrendered of Switchback Class B common stock shares purchased by NGP Switchback, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sponsor prior to the Switchback Public Offering on May 16, 2019 Founder Shares for no consideration, whereupon such Founder Shares were immediately cancelled. Additionally, Founder Shares, which were previously subjected to potential forfeiture until the closing volume weighted average price per share of the Company s Common Stock achieved for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period during the period following the Closing Founder Earn Back Triggering Event and such Founder Shares the Founder Earn Back Shares ), met the Founder Earn Back Triggering Event on March 12, 2021. 
 At the Closing, the Sponsor exercised its right to convert a portion of the working capital loans made by the Sponsor to Switchback into an additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant in satisfaction of million principal amount of such loans. 
 Less redemption of Switchback shares ) Less surrender of Switchback Founder Shares ) Common stock of Switchback Shares issued in PIPE Merger and PIPE financing shares (1) Legacy ChargePoint shares (2) Total shares of common stock immediately after Merger 
 _______________ 
 (1) This includes contingently forfeitable Founder Earn Back Shares pending the occurrence of the Founder Earn Back Triggering Event, which was met on March 12, 2021 
 (2) The number of Legacy ChargePoint shares was determined by converting the shares of Legacy ChargePoint common stock outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger using the Exchange Ratio of . All fractional shares were rounded down. 
 81 

Table of Content 

 shares of Common Stock for the previously issued Switchback common stock and PIPE Shares that were outstanding at the Closing Date. 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company raised million of proceeds including the contribution of million of cash held in Switchback s trust account from its initial public offering, net of redemptions of Switchback public stockholders of million, and million of cash in connection with the PIPE financing. The Company incurred million of transaction costs, consisting of banking, legal, and other professional fees, of which million was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital of proceeds and the remaining million was expensed in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Acquisition of ViriCiti 
 On August 11, 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of ViriCiti for million in cash, as well as million of additional earnout consideration contingent on meeting certain revenue targets as of January 31, 2023 ViriCiti Earnout ), which was paid in full on March 6, 2023 (see Note 18, Subsequent Events ). ViriCiti is a Netherlands-based provider of electrification solutions for eBus and commercial fleets with offices in the Netherlands and the United States. The acquisition is expected to enhance ChargePoint s fleet solutions portfolio of hardware, software and services by integrating information sources to optimize electric fleet operations. 
 The acquisition of ViriCiti was considered a business combination and was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The total purchase price was allocated to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values on the acquisition date and the excess was recorded as goodwill. The total purchase price was allocated to million of goodwill, million of customer relationship intangible assets, and million of developed technology intangible assets acquired, and deferred tax liabilities of million and net liabilities of million were assumed. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company incurred acquisition-related expenses of million, which were recorded as general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 There were no measurement period adjustments for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 Acquisition of has to be gmbh 
 On October 6, 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of has to be gmbh HTB for approximately million, consisting of million in cash and million in the form of shares of ChargePoint Common Stock valued at per share on the acquisition date. Of the cash component, million was paid on February 3, 2022 as part of a working capital adjustment and shares, valued at million, are held in escrow to cover indemnity claims the Company may make within from the closing date. HTB is an Austria-based e-mobility provider with a European charging software platform. The acquisition is intended to expand the Company s market share in Europe. 
 The acquisition of HTB was considered a business combination and was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The total purchase price was allocated to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values on the acquisition date, and the excess was recorded as goodwill. The total purchase price was allocated to million of goodwill, million of customer relationship intangible assets, million of developed technology intangible assets, and net assets of million acquired, and deferred tax liabilities of million were assumed. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company incurred acquisition-related expenses of million, which were recorded as general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 There were no measurement period adjustments for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 82 

Table of Content 

 6. 
 Goodwill acquired with ViriCiti acquisition Goodwill acquired with HTB acquisition Foreign exchange fluctuations ) Balance as of January 31, 2022 Foreign exchange fluctuations ) Balance as of January 31, 2023 
 There was no impairment recognized for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 Intangible Assets 
 ) Developed technology ) ) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Values are translated into U.S. Dollars at period-end foreign exchange rates. 
 January 31, 2022 Cost (1) 
 Accumulated Amortization (1) 
 Net (1) 
 Useful Life (amounts in thousands, useful lives in years) Customer relationships ) Developed technology ) ) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Values are translated into U.S. Dollars at period-end foreign exchange rates. 
 Amortization expense for customer relationships and developed technology is shown as sales and marketing and cost of revenue, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. The acquired intangible assets and goodwill are subject to impairment review at least annually on December 31st. Based on the annual impairment analysis completed during the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company determined that there was impairment of intangible assets. 
 Acquisition-related intangible assets included in the above table are finite-lived and are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated lives, which approximates the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are expected to be realized. 

83 

Table of Content 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total amortization expense 

7. 
 Finished goods Total Inventories 
 Prepaid expense and other current assets 
 Other current assets Total Prepaid Expense and Other Current Assets 
 Property and Equipment, net 
 Computers and software Machinery and equipment Tooling Leasehold improvements Owned and operated systems Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total Property and Equipment, Net 
 The following table presents the depreciation expense related to fixed assets: 
 84 

Table of Content 

Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 
 Refundable customer deposits Payroll and related expenses Taxes payable Other current liabilities (1) 
 Total Accrued and Other Current Liabilities _______________ 
 (1) Beginning July 31, 2022, ViriCiti Earnout liability was reclassified from long-term liabilities to current liabilities as the Company expected the liability to be payable within twelve months of July 31, 2022. The ViriCiti Earnout liability was subsequently paid in full on March 6, 2023 (see Note 18, Subsequent Events ). 
 
 8. 
 . The Company has not included any renewal options in its lease terms as these options are not reasonably certain of being exercised. The lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Total operating lease liabilities 
 The Company recognizes operating lease costs on a straight-line basis over the lease period. Lease expense for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. Operating lease costs for short-term leases and variable lease costs were not material during the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 85 

Table of Content 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted operating lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average operating lease discount rate 
 Other supplemental cash flow information for the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 Year ended January 31, 
 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for amounts in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 

9. 
 million to finance working capital and repay all outstanding amounts owed under previous loans. The Company borrowed million, with issuance costs of million and net proceeds of million. The 2018 Loan was secured by substantially all of the Company s assets, contained customary affirmative and negative covenants, and required the Company to maintain minimum cash balances and attain certain customer billing targets. The 2018 Loan had a five -year maturity and interest was calculated at LIBOR plus . Transaction costs were recorded as debt discount and amortized over the term of the loan. The 2018 Loan agreement was amended on March 20, 2019 to extend the interest only monthly payments through June 30, 2021 to be followed by equal monthly payments of principal and interest. 
 In March 2021, the Company repaid the entire loan balance of million plus accrued interest and prepayment fees of million. There was interest expense incurred during the year ended January 31, 2023. Total interest expense incurred was million and million for the years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2027 Convertible Notes 
 ) 
 86 

Table of Content 

 Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Total interest expense 
 
 In April 2022, the Company completed a private placement of million aggregate principal amount of unsecured Convertible Senior PIK Toggle Notes (the 2027 Convertible Notes ), which will mature on April 1, 2027. The 2027 Convertible Notes were sold in a private placement in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act . 
 The net proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Convertible Notes were approximately million after deducting initial purchaser discounts and commissions and the Company s offering expenses. The debt discount and issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization, are reported as a direct deduction from the face amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes. The Company expects to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. 
 The 2027 Convertible Notes bear interest at per annum, to the extent paid in cash Cash Interest or per annum, to the extent paid in kind through the issuance of additional 2027 Convertible Notes PIK Interest ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1st and October 1st of each year, beginning on October 1, 2022. The Company can elect to make any interest payment through Cash Interest, PIK Interest or any combination thereof. 
 The 2027 Convertible Notes are convertible, based on the applicable conversion rate, into cash, shares of the Company s Common Stock or a combination thereof, at the Company s election. The initial conversion rate was 41.6119 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment in certain circumstances, which represented an initial conversion price of approximately per share. 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding January 1, 2027, the 2027 Convertible Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders only upon the occurrence of specified events and during certain periods, and will be convertible on or after January 1, 2027, at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2027 Convertible Notes. 
 Holders of the 2027 Convertible Notes may convert all or a portion of their 2027 Convertible Notes prior to the close of business on January 1, 2027, only under the following circumstances: 
 during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ended on September 30, 2022, if the Company s closing Common Stock price for at least trading days out of the most recent consecutive trading days of the preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the current conversion price of the 2027 Convertible Notes on each applicable trading day; 
 during the business day period after any consecutive trading days in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes for each trading day of such consecutive trading day period is less than of the product of the Company s closing Common Stock price and the conversion rate of the 2027 Convertible Notes on each such trading day; 
 if the Company calls the 2027 Convertible Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, including certain distributions, the occurrence of a fundamental change or a transaction resulting in the Company s Common Stock converting into other securities or property or assets. 
 The 2027 Convertible Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option at any time on or after April 21, 2025, and before the 41st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The redemption price will be equal to the aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, a holder may elect to convert its 2027 Convertible Notes during any such redemption period, in which case the applicable conversion rate may be increased in certain circumstances if 2027 Convertible Notes are converted after they are called for redemption. 
 Additionally, if the Company undergoes a fundamental change or a change in control transaction (each such term as defined in the indenture governing the 2027 Convertible Notes), subject to certain conditions, holders may require the Company to purchase for cash all or any portion of their 2027 Convertible Notes. The fundamental change repurchase price will be of the capitalized principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes, while the change in control repurchase price will be of the capitalized principal 
 87 

Table of Content 

 million. In addition, the indenture governing the 2027 Convertible Notes contains customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default in which case either the trustee or the holders of at least of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2027 Convertible Notes may declare of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the 2027 Convertible Notes to be due and payable immediately. 
 As of January 31, 2023, the effective interest rate on the 2027 Convertible Notes was . Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs is reported as a component of interest expenses and is computed using the straight-line method over the term of the 2027 Convertible Notes, which approximates the effective interest method. 
 The estimated fair value of the 2027 Convertible Notes, as of January 31, 2023 using Level 2 fair value inputs, was million. 
 
 10. 
 88 

Table of Content 

 million and million of secured letters of credit outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These primarily relate to support of contract manufacturer and customer agreements, and are fully collateralized by cash deposits which the Company recorded in restricted cash on its consolidated balance sheets based on the term of the remaining restriction. 
 
 11. 
 shares of Common Stock, with a par value of per share. There were and shares issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of Common Stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors, and as a consequence, minority stockholders are not able to elect directors on the basis of their votes alone. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock currently outstanding or issued in the future, holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by the Company s board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, holders of the Company s Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock. Holders of Common Stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their Common Stock into any other securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. 
 At-the-Market Offering 
 On July 1, 2022, ChargePoint filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265986) with the SEC (that was declared effective by the SEC on July 12, 2022), which permits the Company to offer up to billion of Common Stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and rights in one or more offerings and in any combination, including in units from time to time (the Shelf Registration Statement ). As part of the Shelf Registration Statement, ChargePoint filed a prospectus supplement registering for sale from time to time up to million of Common Stock pursuant to a sales agreement (the ATM Facility ). 
 During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, the Company sold a total of shares of its Common Stock pursuant to the ATM Facility at the prevailing market prices for total proceeds of million, net of million of issuance costs. 
 
 12. 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend rate Expected term (years) 
 89 

Table of Content 

 Legacy Warrants outstanding which are classified as equity. 
 During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, and Legacy Warrants were exercised resulting in the issuance of and shares of Common Stock. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, proceeds received from the exercise of Legacy Warrants were million and million, respectively. 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were Legacy Warrants outstanding which are classified as equity. 
 7/31/2030 8/4/2030 
 Common Stock 11/16/2028 2/13/2029 
 Total outstanding common stock warrants 
 January 31, 2022 Outstanding Warrants Expiration Date Number of 
 Warrants 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 Common Stock - 
 3/4/2022 - 8/6/2030 
 Common Stock 11/16/2028 2/14/2029 
 Total outstanding common stock warrants 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 The Private Placement Warrants were initially recognized as a liability on February 26, 2021, at a fair value of million and the Private Placement Warrant liability was remeasured to fair value as of any respective exercise dates. The Company recorded an immaterial loss and a gain of million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, classified within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 shares of Common Stock per warrant. As of January 31, 2023, there were Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 
 January 31, 2022 February 26, 2021 (Merger Date) Market price of public stock Exercise price Expected term (years) Volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend rate 
 Public Warrants 
 The Public Warrants were initially recognized as a liability on February 26, 2021 at a fair value of million and the public warrant liability was remeasured to fair value based upon the market price as warrants were exercised. On June 4, 2021 the Company issued a redemption notice pursuant to which all but Public Warrants were exercised by the Public Warrant holders. At the conclusion of the redemption notice period on July 6, 2021, the Company redeemed the remaining Public Warrants outstanding for per warrant. As of January 31, 2023, no Public Warrants remained outstanding. 
 The Company recognized no gain or loss for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, and a loss of million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, classified within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 During the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, proceeds received from the exercise of Public Warrants were and million, respectively. 
 90 

Table of Content 

 Warrants Exercised ) ) ) Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 
 Contingent Earnout Liability 
 During the period starting at the closing of the Merger Earnout Period ), eligible former equity holders of Legacy ChargePoint were eligible to receive up to additional shares of Common Stock Earnout Shares in three equal tranches if the Earnout Triggering Events (as described in the Merger Agreement) were fully satisfied. The three Earnout Triggering Events were the dates on which the closing volume weighted-average price VWAP per share of common stock quoted on the NYSE (or the exchange on which the shares of the Company s Common Stock are then listed) is greater or equal to , and , respectively, for any ten trading days within any consecutive trading day period within the Earnout Period. 
 Upon the closing of the Merger, the contingent obligation to issue Earnout Shares was accounted for as a liability because the Earnout Triggering Events that determine the number of Earnout Shares required to be issued include events that are not solely indexed to the Common Stock of ChargePoint. The estimated fair value of the total Earnout Shares at the closing of the Merger on February 26, 2021, was million based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using a distribution of potential outcomes on a monthly basis over the Earnout Period using the most reliable information available. Assumptions used in the valuation are described below. 
 March 12, 2021 February 26, 2021 Current stock price Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend rate Expected term (years) 
 The first two Earnout Triggering Events for up to of the Earnout Shares occurred on March 12, 2021, and, after withholding some of these Earnout Shares to cover employee withholding tax obligations, Earnout Shares were issued on March 19, 2021, and the estimated fair value of the earnout liability was remeasured to million, including (i) million related to the Earnout Shares issuable upon the occurrence of the Earnout Triggering Event associated with the and VWAP per share thresholds based on the Common Stock price as of March 12, 2021, and (ii) million related to the estimated fair value of earnout liability related to the remaining Earnout Shares issuable upon the occurrence of the Earnout Triggering Event associated with the VWAP per share threshold based on a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model as of March 12, 2021, as described above. The change in fair value resulted in a gain of million recognized in the consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended April 30, 2021. Upon settlement of the first two tranches, the classification of the remaining Earnout Shares of the third tranche was changed to equity on March 12, 2021, because the Earnout Shares became an instrument contingently issuable upon the occurrence of the Earnout Triggering Event into a fixed number of Common Shares that is not based on an observable market price or index other than the Company s own stock price. 
 The third and final Earnout Triggering Event for up to of the Earnout Shares associated with the VWAP per share threshold occurred on June 29, 2021, and, after the withholding of some of these Earnout Shares to cover employee withholding tax obligations, Earnout Shares were issued on July 1, 2021. 
 No further Earnout Shares remained contingently issuable as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 91 

Table of Content 

 13. 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company had unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, RSUs, PRSUs, and ESPP of million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On February 25, 2021, the stockholders of the Company approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2021 ESPP ). The 2021 ESPP permits participants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, up to the IRS allowable limit, through contributions (in the form of payroll deductions or otherwise to the extent permitted by the administrator) of up to of their eligible compensation. The 2021 ESPP provides for consecutive, overlapping offering periods, subject to certain rollover and reset mechanisms as defined in the ESPP. Participants are permitted to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at the end of each purchase period at of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock on the first trading day of an offering period or on the last trading date of each purchase period. A participant may purchase a maximum of shares of the Company s Common Stock during a purchase period. Participants may end their participation at any time during an offering and will be refunded any accrued contributions that have not yet been used to purchase shares. Participation ends automatically upon termination of employment with the Company. The initial offering period is from October 1, 2021 through September 9, 2023. Thereafter, offering periods will begin on March 10 and September 10. 
 Further, on the first day of each March during the term of the 2021 ESPP, commencing on March 1, 2021 and ending on (and including) March 1, 2040, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the 2021 ESPP shall automatically increase by a number equal to the lesser of (i) one percent of the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the last day of the preceding month, (ii) shares of Common Stock (subject to standard anti-dilution adjustments), or (iii) a number of shares of Common Stock determined by the Company s Board of Directors. As of January 31, 2023, shares of Common Stock were available under the 2021 ESPP. 
 During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company's employees purchased shares of its Common Stock under the 2021 ESPP. The shares were purchased at a weighted-average purchase price of per share, with proceeds of million. 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 On February 25, 2021, the stockholders of the Company approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021 EIP ). Under the 2021 EIP, the Company can grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), performance restricted stock units PRSUs ), and certain other awards which are settled in the form of shares of Common Stock issued under this 2021 EIP. On the first day of each March, beginning on March 1, 2021 and continuing through March 1, 2030, the 2021 EIP reserve will automatically increase by a number equal to the lesser of (a) of the total number of shares of Common Stock actually issued and outstanding on the last day of the preceding month and (b) a number of shares of Common Stock determined by the Company s Board of Directors. As of January 31, 2023, shares of Common Stock were available under the 2021 EIP. 
 There were options granted for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 92 

Table of Content 

 RSU granted RSU vested ) RSU forfeited ) Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 
 The total grant date fair value of RSUs vested during the year ended January 31, 2023 was million. 
 Performance Restricted Stock Units 
 On June 1, 2022, pursuant to the 2021 EIP, the Company granted PRSUs to certain officers, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Subsequently, on September 1, 2022, the Company granted additional PRSUs to one of its newly-hired officers. Vesting of the PRSUs is dependent upon the satisfaction of both market- and service-based conditions. The market-based condition is achieved if the closing price of the Company s Common Stock is greater than or equal to the applicable stock price appreciation target for at least consecutive trading days at any time during the period beginning the date of the grant and ending on the expiration date. There are three stock appreciation targets applicable to each PRSU award, the achievement of which will cause the market-based condition to be satisfied with respect to the following percentage of each award (each of which is called a tranche): per share/ of the total PRSUs, per share/ of the total PRSUs and per share/ of the total PRSUs. 
 For officers other than the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the service-based conditions applicable to 1/20th of the PRSUs subject to each tranche will be satisfied if such officer remains in continuous service from the date of the grant until each PRSU vesting date occurring after June 20, 2022 or, if later, until the first PRSU vesting date after the applicable stock price appreciation target is achieved. The PRSUs vesting dates are each March 20th, June 20th, September 20th, and December 20th. For the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the service-based conditions applicable to 1/12th of the PRSUs subject to each tranche will be satisfied if he remains in continuous service from the date of the grant until each PRSU vesting date occurring after June 20, 2024 or, if later, until the first PRSU vesting date after the applicable stock price appreciation target is achieved. 
 A summary of activity of PRSUs under the 2021 EIP at January 31, 2023 and changes during the periods then ended is presented in the following table: 
 Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Outstanding as of January 31, 2022 PRSU granted PRSU forfeited ) Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 
 2017 Plan and 2007 Plan 
 In fiscal year 2022, the Company terminated its 2017 Stock Option Plan (the 2017 Plan and 2007 Stock Option Plan (the 2007 Plan ). No further awards will be granted under the 2017 and 2007 Plans. As of January 31, 2023, shares and shares of Common Stock remain reserved for outstanding awards issued under the 2017 and 2007 Plans, respectively. Stock-based awards forfeited, cancelled or repurchased from the above plans generally are returned to the pool of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the 2021 EIP Plan. 
 93 

Table of Content 

Granted Exercised ) Cancelled ) Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 
 Options vested and expected to vest as of January 31, 2023 
 Exercisable as of January 31, 2023 
 
 The options outstanding as of January 31, 2023, include the June 2020 grant of a stock option under the 2017 Plan to the Company s Chief Executive Officer to purchase a total of shares of Common Stock CEO Award originally subject to both service and performance-based vesting conditions. No stock-based compensation expense had been recorded prior to the Merger as the CEO Awards were improbable of vesting before and after two modifications in each of September 2020 and December 2020, because the performance-based vesting condition was contingent upon the closing of the Merger. Accordingly, the Company commenced recognition of stock-based compensation expense for the CEO Award following the Merger in February 2021 when the only remaining vesting condition was service-based. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the CEO Award was million and million, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 The Company did not grant any options during the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the year ended January 31, 2021 was per share. The total fair value of options vested during the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Determination of Fair Value 
 The Company records stock-based compensation based on the grant date fair value of the equity instruments issued to employees and uses different appropriate methods to establish the fair value depending on the features of the awards. The grant date fair value of RSUs equals the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock on the grant date. The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to establish the fair value of stock options and ESPP, and the Monte Carlo simulation model to establish the fair value of PRSUs containing a market condition. 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Dividend rate Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility: The expected volatility was determined by using a blended volatility approach of peer volatility and implied volatility. Peer volatility was calculated as the average of historical volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to ChargePoint s business corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Risk-free interest rate: The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Expected dividend yield: The expected dividend rate is zero as ChargePoint currently has no history or expectation of declaring dividends on its Common Stock. 
 Expected term: The expected term represents the length of time the ESPP rights under each purchase period are outstanding. 
 94 

Table of Content 

 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 Dividend rate Expected term (in years) - 
 
 Expected volatility: The expected volatility was determined using a blended volatility approach of historical volatility and implied volatility. 
 Risk-free interest rate: The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturities yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term of the options. 
 Expected dividend yield: The expected dividend rate is zero as the Company currently has no history or expectation of declaring dividends on its Common Stock. 
 Expected term: The expected term input for the award with a market condition is based upon the derived service period DSP ). The DSP represents the duration of the median of the distribution of stock-price paths on which the market condition is satisfied. 
 
 14.) ) ) Foreign ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 State Foreign Total current Deferred Federal ) State ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total provision for income taxes ) ) 
 95 

Table of Content 

 State tax rate, net Warrant and earnout revaluation Stock-based compensation Intangible assets amortization Change in valuation allowance Transaction cost Research and development tax credits Section 162(m) executive compensation limitation 
 ) ) Other ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 Research development credits Deferred revenue Accruals and reserves Stock-based compensation Operating lease liabilities Capitalized research development expense Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Acquired intangible assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) ) 
 Beginning January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the Tax Act, eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the current year and requires taxpayers to capitalize such expenses pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 174. The capitalized expenses are amortized over a 5-year period for domestic expenses and a 15-year period for foreign expenses. As a result of this provision of the Tax Act, deferred tax assets related to capitalized research expenses increased by million. 
 The Company determines its valuation allowance on deferred tax assets by considering both positive and negative evidence in order to ascertain whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Due to the Company s historical operating losses in the United States US ), the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the US deferred taxes will not be realized; accordingly, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance on its net US deferred tax assets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. The valuation allowance increased by million, million, and million during the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, primarily driven by losses, capitalized research and development expenses, and tax credits generated in the United States. 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company had federal and California state net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million and million, respectively, of which million of the federal NOL carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. The federal and California state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2028 and 2029, respectively. In addition, the Company had NOLs for other states of million, which expire beginning in the year 2023. 
 96 

Table of Content 

 million and million, respectively. The federal credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2038. The California research credit carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 Under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 Section 382 ), the Company s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards or other tax attributes such as research tax credits, in any taxable year may be limited if the Company experiences, or has experienced, an ownership change. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders, who own at least 5 of the Company s stock, increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. The Company completed its Section 382 analysis and determined it had experienced ownership changes in some periods through January 31, 2021. As a result of the ownership changes, approximately million of Federal NOLs, million of California NOLs, and million of federal tax credits are expected to expire unutilized for income tax purposes. Subsequent ownership changes may affect the limitation in future years. 
 Gross changes - prior period tax position ) Gross changes - current period tax position Unrecognized tax benefits ending 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of million, which would not impact the effective tax rate, if recognized, due to the valuation allowance. The unrecognized tax benefits are related to activities which the Company believes qualify for research and development tax credits. The Company does not expect its unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change over the next twelve months. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as a component of income tax expense or benefit. To date, there have been no interest or penalties charged in relation to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 The Company is subject to income taxes in United States federal and various state, local, and foreign jurisdictions. The fiscal years from 2008 to 2023 remain open to examination due to the carryover of unused net operating losses or tax credits. 
 The Company intends to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries in those operations. Therefore, the Company has not accrued any provision for taxes associated with the repatriation of undistributed earnings from its foreign subsidiaries as of January 31, 2023. The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability on these undistributed earnings was not material as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 15. 
 Rest of World Total revenue 
 Netherlands Rest of World Total long-lived assets 
 97 

Table of Content 

 16.) ) ) Adjust: Accretion of beneficial conversion feature of redeemable convertible preferred stock ) Adjust: Cumulative dividends on redeemable convertible preferred stock ) ) Adjust: Deemed dividends attributable to vested option holders ) Adjust: Deemed dividends attributable to common stock warrant holders ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders - Basic ) ) ) Less: Gain attributable to earnout shares issued ) Less: Change in fair value of dilutive warrants ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders - Diluted ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding (1) 
 Less: Weighted-average unvested restricted shares and shares subject to repurchase ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic Add: Earnout Shares under the treasury stock method Add: Public and Private Placement Warrants under the treasury stock method Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted Net loss per share - Basic ) ) ) Net loss per share - Diluted ) ) ) 
 _______________ 
 (1) For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, as a result of the Merger, the Company retroactively adjusted the weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding prior to the Closing Date by multiplying them by the Exchange Ratio of used to determine the number of shares of Common Stock into which they converted. The Common Stock issued as a result of the redeemable convertible preferred stock conversion on the Closing Date was included in the basic net loss per share calculation on a prospective basis. 
 Redeemable convertible preferred stock and preferred stock warrants outstanding prior to the Merger Closing Date were excluded from the diluted net loss per share calculation for the year ended January 31, 2022, because including them would have had an antidilutive effect. 
 2027 Convertible Notes (on an as-converted basis) Options to purchase common stock 
 Restricted stock units Unvested early exercised common stock options 
 Redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants (on an as-converted basis) 
 Common stock warrants 
 Employee stock purchase plan Total potentially dilutive common share equivalents 

98 

Table of Content 

 17. 
 made any matching contributions to date. 
 
 18. 
 million to settle the ViriCiti Earnout liability pursuant to the acquisition of ViriCiti on August 11, 2021. In accordance with the acquisition agreement, the Company was required to pay additional earnout consideration on meeting certain revenue targets through January 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to ChargePoint s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 ChargePoint s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of January 31, 2023, the effectiveness of ChargePoint s disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that ChargePoint s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of January 31, 2023 due to the material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 ChargePoint s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. ChargePoint s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect ChargePoint s transactions and the dispositions of ChargePoint s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that ChargePoint s transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that ChargePoint s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations of management and the directors of ChargePoint; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of ChargePoint s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. 
 ChargePoint s management, under the supervision of and with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of ChargePoint s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the assessment by ChargePoint s management, ChargePoint s management concluded that ChargePoint did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 due to the material weaknesses described below. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of ChargePoint s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 99 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint did not design and maintain effective controls over certain information technology IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. Specifically, ChargePoint did not design and maintain (a) program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately, (b) user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to its financial applications and data to appropriate company personnel and (c) testing and approval controls for program development to ensure that new software development is aligned with business and IT requirements. The IT deficiencies did not result in any misstatements to the consolidated financial statements, however, the deficiencies, when aggregated, could impact maintaining effective segregation of duties, as well as the effectiveness of IT-dependent controls (such as automated controls that address the risk of material misstatement to one or more assertions, along with the IT controls and underlying data that support the effectiveness of system-generated data and reports) that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all financial statement accounts and disclosures that would not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, ChargePoint management has determined these deficiencies in the aggregate constitute a material weakness. 
 ChargePoint did not design and maintain effective controls over segregation of duties. 
 The material weaknesses described above did not result in a misstatement to our annual or interim consolidated financial statements. However, each of these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of our financial statement accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 ChargePoint s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the effectiveness of ChargePoint s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, as stated in their report, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Remediation Plan 
 ChargePoint has continued implementation of a plan to remediate these material weaknesses. These remediation measures are ongoing and include the following: 
 Engaging an external advisor to assist with evaluating and documenting the design and operating effectiveness of IT general controls and assist with the remediation of deficiencies, as necessary; 
 Designing and implementing controls over segregation of duties; and 
 Designing and implementing IT general controls, including controls over program change management, the provisioning and monitoring of user access rights and privileges and program development processes and procedures. 
 ChargePoint is working to remediate the material weaknesses as efficiently and effectively as possible and remediation efforts could continue beyond the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. At this time, ChargePoint cannot provide an estimate of costs expected to be incurred in connection with implementing this remediation plan; however, these remediation measures will be time consuming, will result in it incurring significant costs, and will place significant demands on its financial and operational resources. 
 In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting, ChargePoint has expended, and will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. 
 Remediation of Previously Identified Material Weaknesses 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2022, management concluded the following material weaknesses existed in ChargePoint s internal control over financial reporting: 
 ChargePoint did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with its financial reporting requirements. Specifically, ChargePoint did not maintain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate degree of accounting knowledge, experience and training to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters commensurate with its accounting and reporting requirements. 
 ChargePoint did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures and controls over significant accounts and disclosures to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including accounting for complex features associated with warrants, and adequate controls related to the preparation and review of journal entries. 
 ChargePoint did not design and maintain effective controls related to the valuation of acquired intangible assets, specifically controls over the review of the inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of the acquired assets. 
 100 

Table of Content 

 ChargePoint completed the following actions and measures designed to remediate the control deficiencies that had led to the material weaknesses: 
 Hired additional finance and accounting personnel with the appropriate level of public accounting knowledge and experience to enhance ChargePoint s accounting and financial reporting team and to establish and maintain internal control over financial reporting; 
 Engaged the internal audit team, along with third-party consultants, in assisting ChargePoint in evaluating internal control over financial reporting; 
 Designed and implemented additional review and training procedures within ChargePoint s accounting and finance functions to enhance knowledge and understanding of internal control over financial reporting; 
 Performed a comprehensive assessment of financial reporting risks relevant to ChargePoint s consolidated financial statements, including identification of financially relevant systems and business processes at the financial statement assertion level, to facilitate the design and implementation or enhancement of existing controls to address the identified risks; 
 Redesigned and enhanced existing controls related to the identification of and accounting for certain non-routine, unusual or complex transactions, including the accounting for complex features associated with warrants; 
 Redesigned and enhanced existing controls related to the review of the inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of acquired intangible assets; and 
 Redesigned and enhanced controls over the preparation and review of journal entries, including controls over the segregation of duties of journal entries. 
 Management has completed its documentation, testing and evaluation of the newly designed and enhanced control activities and determined that, as of January 31, 2023, these control activities have been appropriately designed and implemented, and have operated effectively for a sufficient period of time to conclude that these previously identified material weaknesses have been remediated. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended January 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, ChargePoint s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 101 

Table of Content 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information relating to directors, executive officers and corporate governance will be presented in the definitive proxy statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on or about July 18, 2023, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Information relating to executive compensation will be presented in the definitive proxy statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on or about July 18, 2023, which information is incorporated herein by reference . 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans and other information required to be provided in response to this item will be presented in the definitive proxy statement filed in pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on or about July 18, 2023, which information is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, descriptions of ChargePoint s equity compensation plans are set forth in Note 13, Equity Plans and Stock-Based Compensation , in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information required to be provided in response to this item will be presented in the definitive proxy statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on or about July 18, 2023, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 Information required to be provided in response to this item will be presented in the definitive proxy statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on or about July 18, 2023, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 102 

Table of Content 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Exhibits. 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Business Combination Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of September 23, 2020, by and among Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation, Lightning Merger Sub Inc. and ChargePoint, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004) filed with the SEC on September 24, 2020). 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ChargePoint (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 0139004), filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc., effective as of March 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022). 
 3.3 Certificate of Change of Registered Agent and/or Registered Office (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022). 
 4.1 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock of ChargePoint, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-249549), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020) . 
 4.2 Form of 2011 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Series D Preferred Stock of ChargePoint, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-249549), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 
 4.3+ Description of Registrant s Securities 
 4.4 Indenture (including form of Note), dated April 12, 2022, by and among ChargePoint Holdings, Inc., ChargePoint, Inc. and Wilmington Trust National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 
 4.5 Form of Indenture with respect to Debt Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265986), filed with the SEC on July 1, 2022). 
 10.1 Letter Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on July 30, 2019). 
 10.2 Founders Stock Letter, Dated September 23, 2020, by and between Switchback and the Initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on September 24, 2020). 
 10.3 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on September 24, 2020). 
 10.4 Offer Letter between ChargePoint and Pasquale Romano, dated January 28, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-249549), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 
 10.5 Amendment to Employment Letter between ChargePoint and Pasquale Romano, dated December 21, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Current Report on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-249549), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 
 10.6 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on July 30, 2019) . 
 10.7 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and related forms of agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022). 
 10.8 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 8 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022). 
 10.9 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to C hargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on F o rm 10-K (File No. 001-39004 ), filed with th e SEC on April 4, 2022). 
 
 103 

Table of Content 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.10 ChargePoint Holdings Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 
 10.11 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 0001-39004), filed with the SEC on June 7, 2022). 
 10.12 Form of Lock-up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on September 24, 2020). 
 10.13 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 26, 2021, by and among ChargePoint Holdings, Inc., and certain stockholders and equityholders of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 
 10.14 Employment Agreement between ChargePoint Europe Holdings B.V. and Christopher Burghardt, dated November 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 
 10.15 Offer Letter between ChargePoint and Michael Hughes, dated May 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 
 10.16 ChargePoint, Inc. 2017 Stock Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333249549), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 
 10.17 Coulomb Technologies, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-249549), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 
 10.18 Form of Change in Control Vesting Acceleration Agreement for ChargePoint (Europe) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to ChargePoint s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File no. 333-253759), filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021). 
 10.19 Form of Severance and Change in Control Agreement for ChargePoint (US) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to ChargePoint s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File no. 333-253759), filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021). 
 10.20 Form of Severance and Change in Control Agreement for ChargePoint Europe Holdings B.V. (Europe) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to ChargePoint s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File no. 333-253759), filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021). 
 10.21 Addendum to Employment Agreement between ChargePoint Network (Netherlands) B.V. and Christopher Burghardt, dated December 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 21 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022). 
 10.22 Offer Letter between ChargePoint, Inc. and Eric Sidle, dated August 27, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Switchback s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-249549), filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020. 
 10.23 Offer Letter between ChargePoint, Inc. and Colleen Jansen, dated July 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 0001-39004), filed with the SEC on June 7, 2022). 
 10.24 Offer Letter between ChargePoint, Inc. and Rex Jackson, dated November 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No 0001-39004), filed with the SEC on June 7, 2022). 
 10.25 Investment Agreement, dated April 4, 2022, by and among ChargePoint Holdings, Inc., ChargePoint, Inc. and Antara Capital LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39004), filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022). 
 10.26 Transition and Separation Agreement, by and among Colleen Jansen, ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. and ChargePoint, Inc., dated October 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 0001-39004), filed with the SEC on December 8, 2022). 
 10.27 + Transition and Separation Agreement, by and among Eric Sidle, ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. and ChargePoint, Inc., dated January 10, 2023 . 
 10.28 + Offer Letter between ChargePoint, Inc. and Richard Wilmer, dated May 25, 2022. 
 21.1+ Material Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 104 

Table of Content 

 Exhibit No. Description 23.1+ Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 24.1+ Powers of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1+ Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 31.2+ Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 101.INS+ Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104+ The Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within the Exhibit 101 attachments). The schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. Denotes management compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. + Filed herewith Furnished herewith 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 105 

Table of Content 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 April 3, 2023 CHARGEPOINT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By: /s/ Rex S. Jackson 
 Name: Rex S. Jackson 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Pasquale Romano and Rex S. Jackson, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Signature Date /s/ Rex S. Jackson Chief Financial Officer April 3, 2023 REX S. JACKSON (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Henrik Gerdes Chief Accounting Officer April 3, 2023 HENRIK GERDES (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Pasquale Romano Chief Executive Officer and Director April 3, 2023 PASQUALE ROMANO (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Roxanne Bowman Director April 3, 2023 ROXANNE BOWMAN /s/ Elaine L. Chao Director April 3, 2023 ELAINE L. CHAO /s/ Bruce Chizen Director April 3, 2023 BRUCE CHIZEN /s/ Axel Harries Director April 3, 2023 AXEL HARRIES /s/ Jeffrey Harris Director April 3, 2023 JEFFREY HARRIS /s/ Susan Heystee Director April 3, 2023 SUSAN HEYSTEE 
 106 

Table of Content 

 Signature Title Signature Date /s/ Mark Leschly Director April 3, 2023 MARK LESCHLY /s/ Michael Linse Director April 3, 2023 MICHAEL LINSE /s/ Ekta Singh-Bushell Director April 3, 2023 EKTA SINGH-BUSHELL /s/ G. Richard Wagoner, Jr. Director April 3, 2023 G. RICHARD WAGONER, JR. 
 107 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 chargepoint10k2023exhibit43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.3 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 The following summary describes the material provisions of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. ChargePoint , us or we capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to an investor in our securities. We urge you to read our Charter in its entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our Common Stock and the applicable warrant agreement for a description of the terms of the Legacy Warrants. Defined terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Authorized and Outstanding Stock 
 Our Charter authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share. 
 Common Stock 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if the Board, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and only then at the times and in the amounts that the Board may determine. 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. Stockholders do not have the ability to cumulate votes for the election of directors. Our Charter and A&R Bylaws provide for a classified board of directors consisting of three classes of approximately equal size, each serving staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 Upon our dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of our Common Stock, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights and payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We are authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any associated qualifications, limitations or restrictions. The Board also can increase or decrease the number of shares of any series, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. The Board may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the Common Stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of 

Exhibit 4.3 

 delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company and may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of Common Stock. 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions 
 The Charter and A&R Bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying or preventing changes in control of the management team, including the following 
 Board of Directors Vacancies . The Charter and A&R Bylaws authorizes the Board to fill vacant directorships, including newly-created seats. In addition, the number of directors constituting the Board will be set only by resolution adopted by a majority vote of the entire Board. These provisions will prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of the Board and gaining control of the Board by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. 
 Classified Board . The Charter and A&R Bylaws provide that the Board is classified into three classes of directors, each of which will hold office for a three-year term. In addition, directors may only be removed from the Board for cause and only by the approval of 66 2 3 of the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
 Stockholder Action Special Meeting of Stockholders . The Charter provides that stockholders will not be able to take action by written consent and will only be able to take action at annual or special meetings of the stockholders. Stockholders will not be permitted to cumulate their votes for the election of directors. The A&R Bylaws further provides that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of the entire Board, the chairman of the Board or the chief executive officer. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations . The A&R Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before the annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders. The A&R Bylaws also specifies certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions may preclude the stockholders from bringing matters before the annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at the meetings of stockholders. 
 Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock . The Board has the authority, without further action by the holders of Common Stock, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the Board. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock will enable the Board to render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 
 Transfer Agent 
 The Transfer Agent for our Common Stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Delaware Law 
 ChargePoint is governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporations Law DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This section prevents some Delaware corporations from engaging, under some circumstances, in a merger, which includes a merger or sale of at least 10 of the corporation s assets with any interested stockholder, meaning a stockholder who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock, unless 
 2 

Exhibit 4.3 

 the transaction is approved by the board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder 
 upon closing of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 subsequent to such time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder the merger is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. 
 Forum Selection Clause 
 The Charter provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Court of Chancery (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the state or federal courts located in the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action brought on behalf of ChargePoint (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder or other employee of ChargePoint to ChargePoint or to ChargePoint s stockholders (c) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Charter or our A&R Bylaws (as the foregoing may be amended, modified, supplemented and or restated from time to time) (d) any action asserting a claim against ChargePoint or any director, officer or other employee of ChargePoint governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (a) through (d) above, (i) any action as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination) and (ii) any action asserted to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or, in each case, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. In addition, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these exclusive forum provisions and will not be deemed to have waived ChargePoint s compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Warrants 
 Legacy Warrants 
 Legacy ChargePoint had outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Legacy ChargePoint Common Stock and Legacy ChargePoint Preferred Stock, which converted into warrants to purchase ChargePoint Common Stock in connection with the closing of the Merger. As of January 31, 2023, the terms of such Legacy Warrants are as follows 
 3 

Exhibit 4.3 

Outstanding Warrants Expiration Date Number of Warrants Exercise Price Common Stock 20,922,215 6.03 7 31 2030 8 4 2030 Common Stock 13,577,221 9.04 11 16 2028 2 13 2029 Total outstanding common stock warrants 34,499,436 
 The number of shares purchasable upon exercise of the Legacy Warrants are subject to standard anti-dilution provisions but the aggregate exercise price payable for the total number of Legacy Warrant shares purchasable under the Legacy Warrant (as adjusted) shall remain the same. 
 Convertible Securities 
 2027 Convertible Notes 
 In April 2022, we completed a private placement of 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured Convertible Senior PIK Toggle Notes (the 2027 Convertible Notes ), which will mature on April 1, 2027. The 2027 Convertible Notes were sold in a private placement in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. As of March 31, 2023, the entire 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes was outstanding. 
 The 2027 Convertible Notes bear interest at 3.50 per annum, to the extent paid in cash Cash Interest ), and 5.00 per annum, to the extent paid in kind through the issuance of additional 2027 Convertible Notes PIK Interest ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1st and October 1st of each year, beginning on October 1, 2022. We can elect to make any interest payment through Cash Interest, PIK Interest or any combination thereof. 
 The 2027 Convertible Notes are convertible, based on the applicable conversion rate, into cash, shares of our Common Stock or a combination thereof, at our election. The initial conversion rate was 41.6119 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment in certain circumstances, which represented an initial conversion price of approximately 24.03 per share. 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding January 1, 2027, the 2027 Convertible Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders only upon the occurrence of specified events and during certain periods, and will be convertible on or after January 1, 2027, at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the 2027 Convertible Notes. 
 Holders of the 2027 Convertible Notes may convert all or a portion of their 2027 Convertible Notes prior to the close of business on January 1, 2027, only under the following circumstances 
 during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2022, if our closing Common Stock price for at least 20 trading days out of the most recent 30 consecutive trading days of the preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the current conversion price of the 2027 Convertible Notes on each applicable trading day 
 
 4 

Exhibit 4.3 

 during the five business days period after any ten consecutive trading days in which, if the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes for each trading day of such ten consecutive trading day period is less than 98 of the product of our closing Common Stock price and the conversion rate of the 2027 Convertible Notes on each such trading day 
 if we call the 2027 Convertible Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the redemption date or 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, including certain distributions, the occurrence of a fundamental change or a transaction resulting in our Common Stock converting into other securities or property or assets. 
 The 2027 Convertible Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at our option at any time on or after April 21, 2025, and before the 41st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The redemption price will be equal to the aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, a holder may elect to convert its 2027 Convertible Notes during any such redemption period, in which case the applicable conversion rate may be increased in certain circumstances if 2027 Convertible Notes are converted after they are called for redemption. 
 Additionally, if we undergo a fundamental change or a change in control transaction (each such term as defined in the indenture governing the 2027 Convertible Notes), subject to certain conditions, holders may require us to purchase for cash all or any portion of their 2027 Convertible Notes. The fundamental change repurchase price will be 100 of the capitalized principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes, while the change in control repurchase price will be 125 of the capitalized principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes to be purchased, in each case plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
 The indenture governing the 2027 Convertible Notes includes a restrictive covenant that, subject to specified exceptions, limits the ability of us and our subsidiaries to incur secured debt in excess of 750.0 million. In addition, the indenture governing the 2027 Convertible Notes contains customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default in which case either the trustee or the holders of at least 25 of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2027 Convertible Notes may declare 100 of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the 2027 Convertible Notes to be due and payable immediately. 
 Registration Rights 
 Switchback and Legacy ChargePoint Stockholders Registration Rights 
 In connection with the closing of the Merger, ChargePoint and the holders of registration rights in Switchback and Legacy ChargePoint entered into an amended and restated Registration Rights Agreement (the A&R Registration Rights Agreement and such holders the Registration Rights Holders ). In certain circumstances, the Registration Rights Holders can demand up to four underwritten offerings and will be entitled to customary piggyback registration rights. The A&R Registration Rights Agreement does not provide for the payment of any cash penalties by ChargePoint if it fails to satisfy any of its obligations under the A&R Registration Rights Agreement. 
 ChargePoint and former stockholders of has to be gmbh Registration Rights 
 In accordance with the consummation of the acquisition of has to be gmbh on October 6, 2021, ChargePoint and the former holders of has to be gmbh stock (the HTB Registration Rights Holders entered into a registration rights agreement (the HTB Registration Rights Agreement to register for resale the shares of ChargePoint Common Stock issued to the HTB Registration Rights Holders (the Issued Shares ). The HTB Registration Rights Agreement required ChargePoint to file a shelf registration statement under the Securities Act to permit the resale of the Issued Shares held by the HTB Registration Rights Holders (the Shelf Registration Statement ). ChargePoint is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Shelf Registration Statement to remain effective, and to be supplemented and amended to the extent necessary to ensure that the Shelf Registration Statement is 
 5 

Exhibit 4.3 

 available or that another registration statement is available, for the resale of all the Issued Shares until the earliest of (i) two years after October 6, 2021, (ii) all of the Issued Shares and any securities issued or issuable with respect to the Issued Shares by way of distribution or in connection with any reorganization or other recapitalization, merger, consolidation or otherwise have ceased to be registrable securities, and (iii) the earlier termination of the HTB Registration Rights Agreement (as to all holders). 
 Holders of 2027 Convertible Notes Registration Rights 
 In connection with our sale in a private placement of the 2027 Convertible Notes in April 2022, ChargePoint, Legacy ChargePoint and the holders of such 2027 Convertible Notes (the Noteholders entered into an Investment Agreement (the Investment Agreement to register for resale the shares of ChargePoint Common Stock underlying the 2027 Convertible Notes (collectively, the Convertible Note Shares ). 
 The Investment Agreement required ChargePoint to use reasonable efforts to file a shelf registration statement under the Securities Act (the Notes Registration Statement to register for resale the Convertible Note Shares. ChargePoint is required to use its reasonable efforts to cause the Notes Registration Statement to remain effective, and to be supplemented and amended to the extent necessary to ensure that the Notes Registration Statement is available, for the resale of all Convertible Note Shares until the earliest of (i) the date all of the Convertible Note Shares have been sold pursuant to the Notes Registration Statement, (ii) the date all Convertible Note Shares otherwise cease to be registrable securities, (iii) the date on which, following the maturity date of the 2027 Convertible Notes and subject to certain other conditions, the Convertible Note Shares that remain registrable securities represent less than 25 million by value in the aggregate and (iv) one year after the maturity date of the Notes. 
 Listing of Securities 
 Our Common Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol CHPT . 
 6 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 chargepoint10k2023ex1027.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.27 

 Transition and Separation Agreement and General Release 1 
 
 This Transition and Separation Agreement and General Release and Exhibits (collectively, the Agreement is entered into between Eric Sidle, ChargePoint, Inc. (the Company ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. Parent ), and Parent. This Agreement concerns the terms of your transition and separation from employment and offers you certain benefits to which you would not otherwise be entitled, conditioned upon your provision of an effective general release of claims and covenant not to sue as provided below. If you agree to the terms outlined here, please sign and return this Agreement to me in the timeframe outlined below. 
 1. Transition and Separation from Employment Effective as of January 31, 2023 (the Transition Date ), you will resign from your position as Chief Technology Officer of the Company and will be relieved of all duties, except as otherwise set forth herein. For the entire period between the Transition Date and March 30, 2023 (the Separation Date, and such period the Transition Period you will be considered a non-executive Advisor to the Company, during which your duties will be limited to consulting on transition matters relating to your separation from the Company. By no later than the Separation Date, the Company will provide you a sum that represents all of your earned but unpaid compensation (the Final Pay ). You are not required to sign this Agreement to receive your Final Pay. 
 2. Transition and Severance Benefits 
 i. Transition Benefits . Provided that your employment is not terminated prior to the Transition Date for any reason, during the Transition Period (i) you will continue to be a Company employee and shall receive payment of your annualized base salary as in effect on the Transition Date, paid in accordance with the Company s ordinary payroll practices (ii) you shall continue to participate in any welfare or retirement benefit plans in which you participated as of the Transition Date, subject to the eligibility and other terms and conditions of each such benefit plan (iii) your outstanding Parent equity awards will remain outstanding and continue to vest in accordance with their terms as though you were providing full-time service to the Company provided, however, that no vesting will occur unless and until the Effective Date and (iv) you shall be entitled to receive the portion of the fiscal 2023 bonus funded by the Board or a Committee thereof, regardless of whether you are employed with the Company on the date that it is ultimately paid, less applicable deductions and payable at the same time bonuses are paid to actively employed executive officers of the Company in accordance with the terms of the ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. Incentive Bonus Plan. The benefits described in this Section 2(a) are referred to herein as the Transition Benefits . 
 
 a. Severance Benefits . Within 60 days following the Separation Date, provided that your employment does not terminate for any reason prior to the Transition Date, you sign without revocation this Agreement and the Supplemental Release Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A at the conclusion of the Transition Period, and provided you comply with and do not breach this Agreement and the PIIA (defined below) (collectively, the Severance Benefit Conditions ), the Company will pay you a lump sum cash severance payment equal to six months of your annualized base salary as of the Transition Date, less all applicable deductions. In addition, provided you satisfy the Severance Benefit Conditions, until the earliest of (i) September 30, 2023, (ii) the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance in connection with new employment or self-employment, or (iii) the expiration of your continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company will reimburse you, on a monthly basis, for the employer portion of monthly COBRA premiums for you and, if applicable, your dependents, provided that you timely elect such COBRA coverage. You agree to immediately notify the Company in the event of (ii) above. The benefits described in this Section 2(b) are referred to herein as the Severance Benefits . 
 
 b. Treatment of Equity Awards Following Separation Date . 

1 Portions of this document have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K as such information is not material and is the type that the Company normally treats as private or confidential. 
 1 

EXHIBIT 10.27 

 1. A list of your outstanding Parent equity awards is set forth on Exhibit B hereto. You acknowledge that Exhibit B accurately reflects a summary of your outstanding Parent equity awards and that you do not have any other rights to acquire any stock of Parent or the Company. 
 
 2. On the Separation Date, a termination of your service will be deemed to occur for all purposes applicable to your Parent equity awards. As a result, no further vesting of your Parent equity awards will occur after the Separation Date, any unvested Parent equity awards will be automatically forfeited to the Company on the Separation Date and the post-termination exercise period applicable to any of your then-outstanding Parent stock options will begin on the Separation Date. 
 
 3. Each of your Parent equity awards will continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of the stock plan pursuant to which it was granted and the applicable award agreement, as modified herein. 
 
 c. Acknowledgement . You acknowledge that these Transition Benefits and Severance Benefits are additional payments to you, that you are not otherwise entitled to them, and that they are expressly made in exchange for your acceptance of the terms set forth in this Agreement. 
 d. Withholding . All payments made by the Company under this Agreement shall be subject to any tax or other amounts required to be withheld by the Company under applicable law or as required pursuant to any benefit plan of the Parent or the Company. 
 3. Employee Representations You acknowledge that the Company and Parent rely on the following representations by you entering into this Agreement 
 a. You have not filed any administrative or judicial complaints, claims, or actions against the Company or any of the other Releasees for claims you are releasing in this Agreement 
 b. You have reported to the Company any and all work-related injuries or occupational illnesses incurred by you during your employment with the Company 
 c. You have been properly provided any leave requested and available to you under the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, or any other statute, local law and or ordinance, and have not been subjected to any adverse treatment, conduct or actions due to a request for or taking such leave 
 d. You have been properly compensated for all work you have performed for the Company 
 e. You are not aware of any conduct by any person that constitutes a violation of Company policy or the Company s legal or regulatory obligations, or any other suspected ethical or compliance issues on the part of the Company or any of the other Releasees that you have not brought to the attention of the Company 
 f. You have not raised and are not aware of any unreported claim of improper sexual conduct, including sexual harassment or abuse, with the Company or Parent 
 g. You are not relying upon any statements, understandings, representations, expectations, or agreements other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement 
 h. You have made your own investigation of the facts and are relying solely upon your own knowledge in entering into this Agreement 
 2 

EXHIBIT 10.27 

 i. You knowingly waive any claim that this Agreement was induced by any misrepresentation or nondisclosure and any right to rescind or avoid this Agreement based upon presently existing facts, known or unknown and 
 j. You stipulate that the Company, in entering into this Agreement, is relying on these representations and warranties, all of which survive the execution of this Agreement. 
 4. Return of Company Property You hereby warrant to the Company and Parent that, no later Thursday, March 30, 2023 (or earlier if requested by the Company), you will return to the Company all property or data of the Company of any type whatsoever that has been in your possession or control, including, but not limited to keys, access codes or devices, electronically stored documents or files, physical files, marketing documents, computer equipment, cell phone, PDA and passwords (collectively, Company Property ). All electronic items will be returned in the same working condition in which they were issued. Return of Company Property is a condition precedent to the payment of Severance Benefits, which will not be processed until all company property has been returned to the Company and this Agreement is signed. 
 5. Proprietary Information You hereby acknowledge that you are bound by the Company s Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement (the PIIA ), which you signed as a condition of your employment, and a copy of which is attached as Exhibit C , and that as a result of your employment with the Company you have had access to the Company s Proprietary Information (as defined in the PIIA), that you will hold all such Proprietary Information, in strictest confidence and that you will not make use of such Proprietary Information on behalf of anyone, except as required in the course of your employment with the Company. You further confirm that you will deliver to the Company, no later than the Separation Date, all documents and data of any nature containing or pertaining to such Proprietary Information, and that you will not take with you any such documents or data or any reproduction thereof. 
 6. General Release and Waiver of Claims 
 1. The payments and promises set forth in this Agreement are in full satisfaction of all accrued salary, paid time off, bonus and commission pay, profit-sharing, stock, stock options, restricted stock units or other ownership interest in the Company, termination benefits or other compensation to which you may be entitled by virtue of your employment with the Company, your separation from the Company or otherwise. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you (on behalf of yourself, and on behalf of your heirs, family members, executors, estates, agents and assigns, or any controlled affiliate and any trust or other entity of which you or said heirs, estates or family directly or indirectly hold a majority beneficial interest) hereby release and waive any other claims you may have against the Company, Parent and their owners, agents, officers, shareholders, employees, directors, attorneys, subscribers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively Releasees ), whether known or not known, including, without limitation, claims under any employment laws, including, but not limited to, claims of unlawful discharge, breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, violation of public policy, defamation, physical injury, emotional distress, claims for additional compensation or benefits arising out of your employment or your separation of employment, claims under Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, as amended, under the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Labor Code, the California Government Code, the California Business and Professions Code, all California Wage Orders, the Family Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, and any other state laws and or regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination, harassment or retaliation including, without limitation, claims based on age or under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act or Older Workers Benefit Protection Act (collectively, the ADEA ), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended and or claims based on disability or under the Americans with Disabilities Act (collectively, the Released Claims ). The Released Claims also include claims of discrimination or retaliation on the basis of workers compensation statute but do not include workers compensation claims. 
 2. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement prohibits you (or your attorney) from confidentially or otherwise communicating or filing a charge or complaint with a governmental or regulatory entity, participating in a governmental or 
 3 

EXHIBIT 10.27 

 regulatory entity investigation, or giving other disclosures to a governmental or regulatory entity concerning suspected violations of the law, in each case without receiving prior authorization from or having to disclose any such conduct to the Company, or from responding if properly subpoenaed or otherwise required to do so under applicable law. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to affect the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission s Commission ), National Labor Relations Board s, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration s, and the Securities and Exchange Commission s, or any federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission s Governmental Agencies or any state agency s independent right and responsibility to enforce the law, nor does this Agreement affect your right to file a charge or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by either the Commission or any such Governmental Agency, although this Agreement does bar any claim that you might have to receive monetary damages in connection with any Commission or Governmental Agency proceeding concerning matters covered by this Agreement. This Agreement does not limit your right to receive an award or bounty for information provided to any Governmental Agencies, including under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank ). Further, nothing in this Agreement prohibits you from testifying in an administrative, legislative or judicial proceeding regarding alleged criminal conduct or sexual harassment, when you have been required or requested to attend a proceeding pursuant to court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement prevents the disclosure of factual information relating to claims of sexual assault, sexual harassment, harassment or discrimination based on sex, failure to prevent harassment or discrimination based on sex or retaliation against a person for reporting an act of harassment or discrimination based on sex, as those claims are defined under the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, to the extent the claims are filed in a civil or administrative action, and to the extent such disclosures are protected by law. 
 By signing below, you expressly waive any benefits of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which provides as follows 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 You hereby expressly waive any rights you may have under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect. 
 You, the Company and Parent do not intend to release claims that you may not release as a matter of law, including but not limited to claims for indemnity under California Labor Code Section 2802, or any claims for enforcement of this Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any dispute regarding the scope of this general release shall be determined by an arbitrator under the procedures set forth in the arbitration clause below. 
 
 3. Nothing in this Agreement shall alter or otherwise diminish the terms and conditions of the Indemnification Agreement applicable to you as a result of your employment by the Company as Senior Vice President of Engineering or Chief Technology Officer. 
 7. Covenant Not to Sue 
 a. To the fullest extent permitted by law, at no time after you sign this Agreement will you pursue, or cause or knowingly permit the prosecution, in any state, federal or foreign court, or before any local, state, federal or foreign administrative agency, or any other tribunal, of any charge, claim or action of any kind, nature and character whatsoever, known or unknown, which you may now have, have ever had, or may in the future have against Releasees, which is based in whole or in part on any matter released by this Agreement. If approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the 
 4 

EXHIBIT 10.27 

 presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints against any of the Releasees, you shall do no more than state that you cannot provide counsel or assistance. 
 b. Nothing in this section shall prohibit or impair you, the Company or Parent from complying with all applicable laws, nor shall this Agreement be construed to obligate either party to commit (or aid or abet in the commission of) any unlawful act. 
 8. Attorneys Fees If any action is brought to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses from the other party, in addition to any other relief to which the prevailing party may be entitled, to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 9. Confidentiality The contents, terms and conditions of this Agreement must be kept confidential by you and may not be disclosed except to your immediate family, accountant or attorneys or pursuant to subpoena or court order or as otherwise required by applicable law. You agree that if you are asked for information concerning this Agreement, you will state only that you, the Company and Parent reached an amicable resolution of any disputes concerning your separation from the Company. Any breach of this confidentiality provision shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination based on a protected category or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful. 
 10. No Disparagement Except as permitted by Section 6(b) above, you agree that you will never make any false or disparaging statements (orally or in writing) about the Parent, Company or their stockholders, directors, officers, employees, products, services or business practices, except as required by law. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, neither you nor any person shall be prohibited from making truthful statements in connection with any litigation, arbitration, disposition or other legal proceeding, or as may be required by law, any subpoena or any governmental or quasi-governmental authority. Likewise, the Company shall direct Pasquale Romano, Rex S. Jackson, Rick Wilmer, Bill Loewenthal, Michael Hughes, Lisa Gross and Rebecca Chavez not to disparage you. 
 11. No Admission of Liability This Agreement is not and shall not be construed or contended by you to be an admission or evidence of any wrongdoing or liability on the part of Releasees, their representatives, heirs, executors, attorneys, agents, partners, officers, shareholders, directors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, successors or assigns. This Agreement shall be afforded the maximum protection allowable under California Evidence Code Section 1152 and or any other state or federal provisions of similar effect. 
 12. Complete and Voluntary Agreement This Agreement, together with the Exhibits hereto, constitute the entire agreement between you and Releasees with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter, including but not limited to (i) that offer letter agreement, dated as of August 27, 2018, by and between you and the Company, and (ii) that Severance and Change in Control Agreement, effective as of March 1, 2021, by and between you and Parent (and, for the avoidance of doubt, such agreements described in clauses (i) and (ii) shall be considered terminated and cancelled effective as of the Transition Date). You acknowledge that neither Releasees nor their agents or attorneys have made any promise, representation or warranty whatsoever, either express or implied, written or oral, which is not contained in this Agreement for the purpose of inducing you to execute the Agreement, and you acknowledge that you have executed this Agreement in reliance only upon such promises, representations and warranties as are contained herein, and that you are executing this Agreement voluntarily, free of any duress or coercion. 
 13. Severability The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any part of it is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the other parts shall remain fully valid and enforceable. Specifically, should a court, arbitrator, or government agency conclude that a particular claim may not be released as a matter of law, it is the intention of the parties that the general release, the waiver of unknown claims and the covenant not to sue above shall otherwise remain effective to release any and all other claims. 
 5 

EXHIBIT 10.27 

 14. Modification Counterparts Electronic PDF Signatures It is expressly agreed that this Agreement may not be altered, amended, modified, or otherwise changed in any respect except by another written agreement that specifically refers to this Agreement, executed by authorized representatives of each of the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 15. Interpretation and Construction of Agreement This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Texas. Regardless of which party initially drafted this Agreement, it shall not be construed against any one party, and shall be construed and enforced as a mutually prepared Agreement. The headings in this Agreement are provided for reference only and shall not affect the substance of this Agreement. Any disputes shall be resolved in the appropriate state or federal court located in Santa Clara County, California. 
 16. Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply, with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Code Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted in accordance with such intent. For purposes of Code Section 409A, each payment, installment or benefit payable under this Agreement is hereby designated as a separate payment. In addition, if the Company determines that you are a specified employee under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) at the time of your separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A), then (i) any severance payments or benefits, to the extent that they are subject to Code Section 409A, will not be paid or otherwise provided until the first business day following (A) expiration of the six-month period measured from your separation from service or (B) the date of your death and (ii) any installments that otherwise would have been paid or provided prior to such date will be paid or provided in a lump sum when the severance payments or benefits commence. 
 17. ADEA Claims You acknowledge and understand that the release of claims under the ADEA, 29 U.S.C. Section 621-634, is subject to special waiver protections under 29 U.S.C. Section 626(f). In accordance with that section, you specifically agree that you are knowingly and voluntarily releasing and waiving any rights or claims of discrimination under the ADEA. In particular you acknowledge that you understand that 
 a. you are not waiving any claims for age discrimination under the ADEA that may arise after the date you sign this Agreement and you are not waiving vested benefits, if any 
 b. you are waiving rights or claims for age discrimination under the ADEA arising up to the effective date of this Agreement in exchange for payment described in Section 2 above, which is in addition to anything of value to which you are already entitled 
 c. you are advised to consult with and have had an opportunity to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement and you are aware of the Consideration Period and Revocation Period as defined in this Agreement. 
 18. Review of Separation Agreement Expiration of Offer Effective Date You understand that you may take up to twenty-one (21) calendar days to consider this Agreement (the Consideration Period ). For this Agreement to become effective, you must sign it and then return it to the Company by no later than twenty-one (21) calendar days after you first received this Agreement. The offer set forth in this Agreement, if not accepted by you before the end of the Consideration Period, will automatically expire. Changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the Consideration Period. By signing below, you affirm that you were advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement. You also understand you may revoke your acceptance of this Agreement within seven (7) calendar days of signing this document and that the consideration to be provided to you pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement will be provided only after the expiration of that seven (7) day revocation 
 6 

EXHIBIT 10.27 

 period (the Revocation Period ). Any revocation must be made in writing and delivered to Rebecca Chavez at rebecca.chavez chargepoint.com . This Agreement is effective on the eighth (8th) day after you sign it, provided you have not revoked the Agreement as of that time (the Effective Date ). 
 (Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank Signatures Follow Below) 
 
 7 

EXHIBIT 10.27 

 If you agree to abide by the terms outlined in this Agreement, please sign below and return it to me within the timeframe noted above. 
 Sincerely, 

By __ s Pasquale Romano ____________________ 
 Pasquale Romano 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 ChargePoint, Inc. 
 
 Date _ _01-10-2023 _____________________ 

By _ s Rebecca Chavez ___________________ 
 Rebecca Chavez 
 General Counsel 
 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Date _01-10-2023 _________________________ 

READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED 
 _ _ s Eric Sidle _____________________________ Eric Sidle Date _ _01-10-2023 ________________________ 

8 

EXHIBIT A 
 Supplemental Release Agreement 
 
 To Eric Sidle 
 1. WHEREAS your last day of employment with ChargePoint Inc. (the Company was March 30, 2023 Termination Date ). Consistent with Section 2(b) of your Transition and Separation Agreement dated _______, 202_ the Company shall pay you the Severance Benefits therein provided that all other conditions of the Transition and Separation Agreement are met and that you sign this Supplemental Release Agreement. 
 2. You may sign this Supplemental Release Agreement any time after you complete all duties for the Company on or after the Termination Date. This Supplemental Release Agreement was provided to you more than 21 days prior to the Termination Date. Once you sign the Supplemental Release Agreement, you have seven (7) days to revoke your acceptance by submitting a written notice of revocation to Rebecca Chavez at rebecca.chavez chargepoint.com. This Supplemental Release Agreement shall become effective upon the expiration of the 7-day revocation period, provided you do not exercise your ability to revoke. 
 3. General Release of Claims 
 a. In consideration of the Severance Benefits that you are receiving as provided in Section 2(b) of your Transition and Separation Agreement, you agree that the payments and promises set forth therein are in full satisfaction of all accrued salary, paid time off, bonus and commission pay, profit-sharing, stock, stock options, restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units or other ownership interest in the Company, termination benefits or other compensation to which you may be entitled by virtue of your employment with the Company, your separation from the Company or otherwise. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you (on behalf of yourself, and on behalf your heirs, family members, executors, estates, agents and assigns, or any controlled affiliate and any trust or other entity of which you or said heirs, estates or family directly or indirectly hold a majority beneficial interest) hereby release and waive any other claims you may have against the Company, ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. Parent and their owners, agents, officers, shareholders, employees, directors, attorneys, subscribers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively Releasees ), whether known or not known, including, without limitation, claims under any employment laws, including, but not limited to, claims of unlawful discharge, breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, violation of public policy, defamation, physical injury, emotional distress, claims for additional compensation or benefits arising out of your employment or your separation of employment, claims under Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, as amended, under the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Labor Code, the California Government Code, the California Business and Professions Code, all California Wage Orders, the Family Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, and any other state laws and or regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination, harassment or retaliation including, without limitation, claims based on age or under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act or Older Workers Benefit Protection Act (collectively, the ADEA ), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended and or claims based on disability or under the Americans with Disabilities Act (collectively, the Released Claims ). The Released Claims also include claims of discrimination or retaliation on the basis of workers compensation statute but do not include workers compensation claims. 
 b. Notwithstanding anything in this Supplemental Release Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Supplemental Release Agreement prohibits you (or your attorney) from confidentially or otherwise communicating or filing a charge or complaint with a governmental or regulatory entity, participating in a governmental or regulatory entity investigation, or giving other disclosures to a governmental or regulatory entity concerning suspected violations of the law, in each case without receiving prior authorization from or having to disclose any such conduct to the Company, or from responding if properly subpoenaed or otherwise required to do so under applicable law. Nothing in this Supplemental Release Agreement shall be construed to affect the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission s Commission ), National Labor Relations Board s, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration s, and the Securities and Exchange Commission s, or any federal, state, or local 

governmental agency or commission s Governmental Agencies or any state agency s independent right and responsibility to enforce the law, nor does this Supplemental Release Agreement affect your right to file a charge or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by either the Commission or any such Governmental Agency, although this Supplemental Release Agreement does bar any claim that you might have to receive monetary damages in connection with any Commission or Governmental Agency proceeding concerning matters covered by this Supplemental Release Agreement. This Supplemental Release Agreement does not limit your right to receive an award or bounty for information provided to any Governmental Agencies, including under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank ). Further, nothing in this Supplemental Release Agreement prohibits you from testifying in an administrative, legislative or judicial proceeding regarding alleged criminal conduct or sexual harassment, when you have been required or requested to attend a proceeding pursuant to court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature. Moreover, nothing in this Supplemental Release Agreement prevents the disclosure of factual information relating to claims of sexual assault, sexual harassment, harassment or discrimination based on sex, failure to prevent harassment or discrimination based on sex or retaliation against a person for reporting an act of harassment or discrimination based on sex, as those claims are defined under the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, to the extent the claims are filed in a civil or administrative action, and to the extent such disclosures are protected by law. 
 By signing below, you expressly waive any benefits of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which provides as follows 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 You hereby expressly waive any rights you may have under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect. 
 You, the Company and Parent do not intend to release claims that you may not release as a matter of law, including but not limited to claims for indemnity under California Labor Code Section 2802, or any claims for enforcement of this Supplemental Release Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any dispute regarding the scope of this general release shall be determined by an arbitrator under the procedures set forth in the arbitration clause below. 
 
 c. Nothing in this Agreement shall alter or otherwise diminish the terms and conditions of the Indemnification Agreement applicable to you as a result of your employment by the Company as Senior Vice President of Engineering and Chief Technology Officer. 
 4. Covenant Not to Sue 
 a. To the fullest extent permitted by law, at no time after you sign this Supplemental Release Agreement will you pursue, or cause or knowingly permit the prosecution, in any state, federal or foreign court, or before any local, state, federal or foreign administrative agency, or any other tribunal, of any charge, claim or action of any kind, nature and character whatsoever, known or unknown, which you may now have, have ever had, or may in the future have against Releasees, which is based in whole or in part on any matter released by this Supplemental Release Agreement. If approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints against any of the Releasees, you shall do no more than state that you cannot provide counsel or assistance. 

b. Nothing in this section shall prohibit or impair you, the Company or Parent from complying with all applicable laws, nor shall this Supplemental Release Agreement be construed to obligate either party to commit (or aid or abet in the commission of) any unlawful act. 
 5. Attorneys Fees If any action is brought to enforce the terms of this Supplemental Release Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses from the other party, in addition to any other relief to which the prevailing party may be entitled, to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 6. Confidentiality The contents, terms and conditions of this Supplemental Release Agreement must be kept confidential by you and may not be disclosed except to your immediate family, accountant or attorneys or pursuant to subpoena or court order or as otherwise required by applicable law. You agree that if you are asked for information concerning this Supplemental Release Agreement, you will state only that you, the Company and Parent reached an amicable resolution of any disputes concerning your separation from the Company. Any breach of this confidentiality provision shall be deemed a material breach of this Supplemental Release Agreement. Nothing in this Supplemental Release Agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination based on a protected category or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful 
 7. No Disparagement Except as permitted by Section 3(b) above, you agree that you will never make any false or disparaging statements (orally or in writing) about the Parent, Company or their stockholders, directors, officers, employees, products, services or business practices, except as required by law. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, neither you nor any other person shall be prohibited from making truthful statements in connection with any litigation, arbitration, deposition or other legal proceeding, or as may be required by law, any subpoena or any governmental or quasi-governmental authority. The Company shall direct Pasquale Romano, Rex S. Jackson, Rick Wilmer, Michael Hughes, Bill Loewenthal, Lisa Gross and Rebecca Chavez not to disparage you. 
 8. No Admission of Liability This Supplemental Release Agreement is not and shall not be construed or contended by you to be an admission or evidence of any wrongdoing or liability on the part of Releasees, their representatives, heirs, executors, attorneys, agents, partners, officers, shareholders, directors, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, successors or assigns. This Supplemental Release Agreement shall be afforded the maximum protection allowable under California Evidence Code Section 1152 and or any other state or federal provisions of similar effect. 
 9. Severability The provisions of this Supplemental Release Agreement are severable, and if any part of it is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the other parts shall remain fully valid and enforceable. Specifically, should a court, arbitrator, or government agency conclude that a particular claim may not be released as a matter of law, it is the intention of the parties that the general release, the waiver of unknown claims and the covenant not to sue above shall otherwise remain effective to release any and all other claims. 
 10. Modification Counterparts Electronic PDF Signatures It is expressly agreed that this Supplemental Release Agreement may not be altered, amended, modified, or otherwise changed in any respect except by another written agreement that specifically refers to this Supplemental Release Agreement, executed by authorized representatives of each of the parties to this Supplemental Release Agreement. This Supplemental Release Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 11. Interpretation and Construction of Agreement This Supplemental Release Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of California. Regardless of which party initially drafted this Supplemental Release Agreement, it shall not be construed against any one party, and 

shall be construed and enforced as a mutually prepared Supplemental Release Agreement. The headings in this Supplemental Release Agreement are provided for reference only and shall not affect the substance of this Supplemental Release Agreement. 
 12. ADEA Claims You acknowledge and understand that the release of claims under the ADEA, 29 U.S.C. Section 621-634, is subject to special waiver protections under 29 U.S.C. Section 626(f). In accordance with that section, you specifically agree that you are knowingly and voluntarily releasing and waiving any rights or claims of discrimination under the ADEA. In particular you acknowledge that you understand that 
 a. you are not waiving any claims for age discrimination under the ADEA that may arise after the date you sign this Supplemental Release Agreement and you are not waiving vested benefits, if any 
 b. you are waiving rights or claims for age discrimination under the ADEA arising up to the effective date of this Supplemental Release Agreement in exchange for payment described in Section 2 above, which is in addition to anything of value to which you are already entitled 
 c. you are advised to consult with and have had an opportunity to consult with an attorney before signing this Supplemental Release Agreement and you are aware of the Consideration Period and Revocation Period as defined in this Supplemental Release Agreement. 
 13. Review of Separation Agreement Expiration of Offer Effective Date You understand that you may take up to twenty-one (21) calendar days from the Separation Date (as set forth in Section 1 of the Transition and Separation Agreement) to consider this Supplemental Release Agreement (the Consideration Period ). For this Supplemental Release Agreement to become effective, you must sign it and then return it to the Company by no later than twenty-one (21) calendar days after the Separation Date. The offer set forth in this Supplemental Release Agreement, if not accepted by you before the end of the Consideration Period, will automatically expire. You may not sign this Supplemental Release Agreement until you have completed all duties for the company on the Separation Date. Changes to this Supplemental Release Agreement, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the Consideration Period. By signing below, you affirm that you were advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Supplemental Release Agreement. You also understand you may revoke your acceptance of this Supplemental Release Agreement within seven (7) calendar days of signing this document and that the consideration to be provided to you pursuant to Section 2(b) of the Transition and Separation Agreement will be provided only after the expiration of that seven (7) day revocation period (the Revocation Period ). Any revocation must be made in writing and delivered to Rebecca Chavez at rebecca.chavez chargepoint.com . This Supplemental Release Agreement is effective on the eighth (8th) day after you sign it, provided you have not revoked the Supplemental Release Agreement as of that time (the Effective Date ). 
 14. Representations. You represent as follows (i) you are not relying upon any statements, understandings, representations, expectations, or agreements other than those expressly set forth in this Supplemental Release Agreement (ii) you have made your own investigation of the facts and are relying solely upon your own knowledge in entering into this Supplemental Release Agreement and (iii) you knowingly waive any claim that this Agreement was induced by any misrepresentation or nondisclosure and any right to rescind or avoid this Supplemental Release Agreement based upon presently existing facts, known or unknown. You stipulate that the Company, in entering into this Supplemental Release Agreement, is relying on these representations and warranties, all of which survive the execution of this Supplemental Release Agreement. 
 
 READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED 
 _______________________________ Eric Sidle 

Date __________________________ 

EXHIBIT B 
 Parent Equity Awards 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Company undertakes to provide omitted schedules and attachments to the SEC upon request. 

EXHIBIT C 
 Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Company undertakes to provide omitted schedules and attachments to the SEC upon request. 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 chargepoint10k2023ex1028.htm
 EX-10.28

chargepoint10k2023ex1028 

1 | P a g e May 25, 2022 Richard Wilmer Dear Richard, -time position of Chief Customer and Operations Officer reporting directly to me. It is expected that you will be working out of our office located in Campbell, CA, unless you are traveling on business. As explained in more detail below, your employment is contingent upon your assent to the terms and conditions set forth in this letter and the attachments hereto. If, after careful review, the terms discussed below and, in the attachments, hereto are acceptable to you, please sign this confirmation letter and the attached Acknowledgement of At-Will Employment, Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, Agreement to Arbitrate and Severance and Change in Control Agreement where indicated and return them to us. 1. Compensation a. Salary. You will be eligible to earn an annualized salary of 400,000.00 per year, paid on a semi- monthly basis, less applicable withholdings and deductions regular payroll processes and policies. All reasonable business expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business, as part of your job duties and required for your job, will be reimbursed in accordance with standard policies and procedures, which includes that they be supported by documentation. b. Bonus. In addition, you will be eligible for participation in the executive bonus for each fiscal year, which runs from February 1 through January 31. The executive bonus program is based achievement of our annual corporate goals. Your target bonus will be equal to 50 of your annual base salary. A significant purpose of the executive bonus program is employee retention. This means that in order to earn the bonus you must be employed by the Company at the time of payment of the bonus. Any bonus for the fiscal year in which your employment begins will be prorated, based on the number of days you are employed by the Company during that fiscal year. Any earned bonus for a fiscal year will be calculated and paid after the close of that fiscal year. of Directors with respect to you earning your bonus will be final and binding. Portions of this document have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K as such information is not material and is the type that the Company normally treats as private or confidential. EXHIBIT 10.28 

2 | P a g e c. Incentive Stock Plan. We will recommend to the appropriate committee of our parent company, ChargePoint, Holdings, Inc., that you be granted a number of restricted stock units (or RSUs), each representing the right to receive one share of our parent common stock, with a target value of 3,500,000.00 The actual number of RSUs subject to your award will be determined when the RSUs are granted by dividing the target value allocated to such RSUs by the 20 trading days prior to the date of grant, rounded down to the nearest whole share. In addition, we will recommend to the appropriate committee of our parent company that you be granted a number of performance-contingent RSUs (or PSUs), each representing the right to 3,500,000.00 The actual number of PSUs will be determined when the PSUs are granted by dividing the target value allocated to such PSUs by the product of the closing pri stock on the date of grant by the weighted average Monte Carlo valuation percentage applicable to the award. Both the RSUs and PSUs will be subject to vesting restrictions and other terms and conditions set forth in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be entered into between you and our parent company and our parent 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. By execution of this letter, you acknowledge that any equity award is subject to approval by our parent and is not guaranteed. d. Event of a Change in Control. Please see the Severance and Change in Control Agreement for full details e. Paid Time Away, Holidays and Sick-Leave. As a full-time employee, you will be eligible for paid time away in accordance with the standard policies and procedures. Paid holidays and paid procedures, and as may be required by applicable law. f. Benefits. As a full-time employee, you will be eligible to participate in and to receive benefits under such plans and benefits as may be adopted by the Company for your position. The eligibility criteria and amount and extent of benefits to which you are entitled shall be governed by the specific benefit plan as it may be amended from time to time. 2. Severance Please see the Severance and Change in Control Agreement. 3.Immigration Documentation. This offer is subject to your submission of an I-9 form within three (3) days of your first day of employment with satisfactory documentation respecting your identification and right to work in the United States. 

3 | P a g e 4. At-Will Employment. Your employment with the Company is - This means that your employment with the Company is not for a specific term and can be terminated by yourself or by the Company at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without cause and with or without notice. Any contrary representations which may have been made or which may hereafter be made to you are superseded by this offer. Acknowledgement of At-Will Employment, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A for your execution. This offer letter and the attached Acknowledgement of At-Will Employment constitute - employment and can only be modified by written agreement signed by you and the President or CEO of the Company. 5. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. Your acceptance of this offer is contingent , a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B for your execution. 6. Non-Compete and Outside Activities. Information and Inventions Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit B, you agree that, while serving as an employee of the Company, you will not engage in any activity which is competitive with the Company. 7. Arbitration. Your acceptance of this offer is contingent upon your execution of the Agreement to Arbitrate, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C for your execution. As more fully set forth in the Agreement to Arbitrate, both you and the Company agree that any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of, concerning or relating in any way to your employment with the Company or the termination thereof shall be submitted exclusively to final and binding arbitration. 8.Severance and Change in Control Agreement. Your acceptance of this offer is contingent upon your execution of the Severance and Change in Control Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit D for your execution. 9. Company Rules. As an employee of the Company, you will be expected to abide by the rules and regulations. You will be required to sign an acknowledgment that you have Handbook, which the Company will distribute. 10.Integrated Agreement. This offer, if accepted, supersedes any prior agreements, representations or promises of any kind, whether written, oral, express or implied between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matters herein. Likewise, the terms of this offer shall constitute the full, complete and exclusive agreement between you and the Company with respect to the subject matters herein. This Agreement may only be changed by writing, signed by you and an authorized representative of the Company. 11.Severability. If this offer is accepted, and any term herein is held to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected; and the parties shall use their best efforts to find an alternative way to achieve the same result. 

4 | P a g e 12.Background and Reference Check. This offer is contingent upon a successful background check and as well as reference checks with positive results. If you wish to accept employment at the Company under the terms set out above and in the enclosed Acknowledgement of At-Will Employment, Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and Agreement to Arbitrate, please sign and date this letter and the enclosed documents and return them to me. If you accept our offer, your first day of employment is anticipated to be July 12, 2022. This offer will terminate if not accepted by you by close of business on May 31, 2022. Richard Wilmer, we look forward to your favorable reply and to a productive and exciting work relationship. Sincerely, Pasquale Romano President and Chief Executive Officer Approved and Accepted: Richard Wilmer cc: Employee File 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 chargepoint10k2023ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

 List of Subsidiaries 
 of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction ChargePoint, Inc. Delaware ChargePoint Austria GmbH Austria ChargePoint Canada, Inc. Canada ChargePoint European Holdings B.V. Netherlands ChargePoint Germany GmbH Germany ChargePoint Italy S.R.L. Italy ChargePoint Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico ChargePoint Network (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom ChargePoint Network (France) SAS France ChargePoint Network (Netherlands) B.V. Netherlands ChargePoint Spain S.L. Spain ChargePoint Technologies India Pvt. Ltd. India 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 chargepoint10k2023ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on 
 Form S-3 (Nos. 333-265986, 333-264884 and 333-253759) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-264106 and 333-256566) of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. of our report dated April 3, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP San Jose, California April 3, 2023 
 1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 chargepoint10k2023ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Pasquale Romano, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2023 of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

April 3, 2023 By 
 s Pasquale Romano 
 Pasquale Romano 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 chargepoint10k2023ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Rex S. Jackson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2023, of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

April 3, 2023 By 
 s Rex S. Jackson 
 Rex S. Jackson 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 chargepoint10k2023ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended January 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Pasquale Romano, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 a. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 b. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

April 3, 2023 s Pasquale Romano 
 By 
 Pasquale Romano 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 chargepoint10k2023ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this annual report on Form 10-K of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended January 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rex S. Jackson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 a. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 b. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 
 
 April 3, 2023 By 
 s Rex S. Jackson 
 Rex S. Jackson 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 chpt-20230131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 chpt-20230131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 chpt-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 chpt-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 chpt-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

