<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230606_10-K_edgar_data_811222_0001683168-23-003943.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12389428</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1320864</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2537959</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3787414</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1944235</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2377567</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>30</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-003943.hdr.sgml : 20230606
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230606133051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-003943
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230606
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230606

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cardiff Lexington Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000811222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-OFFICES & CLINICS OF DOCTORS OF MEDICINE [8011]
		IRS NUMBER:				841044583
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49709
		FILM NUMBER:		23995512

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3200 BEL AIR DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-507-2349

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3200 BEL AIR DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CARDIFF INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED AMERICAN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910924

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CARDIFF FINANCIAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-003943.txt : 20230606

10-K
 1
 cardiff_i10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table
of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

x 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes x 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the
registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing price of such shares as reported on OTC Pink Market)
was approximately . Shares held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the
outstanding common stock have been excluded from the calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the
registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were a total of 
shares of common stock of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Cardiff Lexington Corporation 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 17 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 40 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 40 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 40 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 40 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 41 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 42 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 42 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 55 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 55 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 55 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 56 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 57 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 57 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 58 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 60 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 62 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 63 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 63 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 64 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 66 

i 

INTRODUCTORY NOTES 

Use of Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context and
for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to we, us, our and our
company are to Cardiff Lexington Corporation, a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information
currently available to us. All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements relate
to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but
are not limited to, statements about: 

our ability to successfully identify and acquire additional businesses; 
 
 our ability to effectively integrate and operate the businesses that we acquire; 
 
 our expectations around the performance of our current businesses; 
 
 our ability to maintain our business model and improve our capital efficiency; 
 
 our ability to effectively manage the growth of our business; 
 
 our lack of operating history and ability to attain profitability; 
 
 the competitive environment in which our businesses operate; 
 
 trends in the industries in which our businesses operate; 
 
 the regulatory environment in which our businesses operate under; 
 
 changes in general economic or business conditions or economic or demographic trends in the United States,
including changes in interest rates and inflation; 
 
 our ability to service and comply with the terms of indebtedness; 
 
 our ability to retain or replace qualified employees of our businesses; 
 
 labor disputes, strikes or other employee disputes or grievances; 
 
 casualties, condemnation or catastrophic failures with respect to any of our business facilities; 
 
 costs and effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; and 
 
 extraordinary or force majeure events affecting the business or operations of our businesses. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as may, could, will, should, would, expect, 
 plan, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, 
 potential, project or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
These statements are only predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results.
Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under Item
1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying
assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking
statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. 

In addition, statements that we believe 
and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available
to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information
may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or
review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to
unduly rely upon these statements. 

The forward-looking statements made in this report
relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements are made in this report. Except as expressly required by the
federal securities laws, there is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

We are an acquisition holding company focused
on locating undervalued and undercapitalized companies, primarily in the healthcare industry, and providing them capitalization and leadership
to maximize the value and potential of their private enterprises while also providing diversification and risk mitigation for our stockholders.
Specifically, we have and will continue to look at a diverse variety of acquisitions in the healthcare sector in terms of growth stages
and capital structures and we intend to focus our portfolio of subsidiaries approximately as follows: 80 will be targeted to established
profitable niche small to mid-sized healthcare companies and 20 will be targeted to second stage startups in healthcare and related financial
services (emerging businesses with a strong organic growth plan that is materially cash generative). 

All of our operations are conducted through, and
our income derived from, our various subsidiaries. We operate the following businesses through our wholly owned subsidiaries. 

Healthcare Business . Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC, or Nova, which we acquired May 31, 2021,
operates a group of regional primary specialty and ancillary care facilities throughout Florida that provide traumatic injury victims
with primary care evaluations, interventional pain management, and specialty consultation services. We focus on plaintiff related care
are and a highly efficient provider of emergency medical condition, or EMC, assessments. We provide a full range of diagnostic and surgical
services for injuries and disorders of the skeletal system and associated bones, joints, tendons, muscles, ligaments, and nerves. From
sports injuries, to sprains, strains, and fractures, our doctors are dedicated to helping patients return to active lifestyles. 

Financial Services (Tax Resolution) Business . Platinum Tax Defenders, or Platinum Tax, which
we acquired on July 31, 2018, is a full-service tax resolution firm located in Los Angeles, California. Since 2011, we have been assisting
all types of taxpayers resolve any and all issues with the Internal Revenue Services, or the IRS, and applicable state tax agencies. We
provide fee-based tax resolution services to individuals and companies that have federal and state tax liabilities by assisting clients
to settle outstanding tax debts. 

Real Estate Business . Edge View Properties, Inc., or Edge View, which we acquired on July
16, 2014, is a real estate company that owns five (5) acres zoned medium density residential (MDR) with 12 lots already platted; six (6)
acres zoned high-density residential (HDR) that can be platted in various configurations to meet current housing needs; and twelve
(12) acres zoned in Lemhi County as Agriculture that is available for further annexation into the City of Salmon for development, as well
as a common area for landowners to view wildlife, provide access to the Salmon River and fishing in a two (2) acre pond. Management
has invested years working to develop a new and exciting housing development in Salmon, Idaho and plans to enter into a joint venture
agreement with a developer for this planned concept development. 

Each of these businesses is described in more
detail below; however, since our healthcare business comprises almost 90 of our revenue and this business will be our core business moving
forward, we have focused most our disclosures on this business. 

Our Corporate History and Structure 

We were incorporated on September 3, 1986 in Colorado
as Cardiff International Inc. On November 10, 2005, we merged with Legacy Card Company and became Cardiff Lexington Corporation. On August
27, 2014, we redomiciled and became a corporation under the laws of Florida. On April 13, 2021, we redomiciled and became a corporation
under the laws of Nevada. 

1 

As noted above, all of our operations are conducted
through our operating subsidiaries, Nova, Platinum Tax and Edge View. 

Nova was organized in the State of Florida on
December 3, 2018. Platinum Tax was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 12, 2022. Its processor company, Platinum Tax Defenders,
LLC was organized in the State of California on January 3, 2012 and was terminated on November 4, 2021. Edge View was incorporated in
the State of Idaho on February 9, 2005. 

We also previously owned all of the equity interests
of We Three, LLC, d/b/a Affordable Housing Initiative, or AHI, an affordable home acquirer located in Maryville, Tennessee. On October
31, 2022, we entered into a buyback agreement to sell AHI back to the original owners in exchange for the return of 175,045 shares of
series F preferred stock by the original owners and our issuance of 67,500 shares of series B preferred stock to the original owners. 

The following chart depicts our current organizational
structure: 

Our Business Strategy 

We employ an acquisition and value creation strategy,
with the goal of locating undervalued and undercapitalized healthcare companies and providing them capitalization and leadership in order
to maximize the value and potential of their private, often family run, enterprises while also providing diversification and risk mitigation
for our stockholders. Our primary focus is on the healthcare sector, with holdings in financial services, and real estate, where we utilize
our management team s relationship networks, industry experiences and deal sourcing capabilities to target companies we believe
have an experienced management team and compelling assets which we believe are well positioned for growth. Our culture emphasizes core
values, teamwork, accountability, and performance. Specifically, we have and will continue to look at a diverse variety of acquisitions
in the healthcare sector in terms of growth stages and capital structures and we intend to focus our portfolio of subsidiaries approximately
as follows: 80 will be targeted to established profitable niche small to mid-sized healthcare companies and 20 will be targeted to second
stage startups in healthcare and related financial services (emerging businesses with a strong organic growth plan that is materially
cash generative). Our acquisition strategy is driven by structure, transaction value, alignment, resources and return on investment. As
we identify potential targets, it is also our strategy and goal to identify and recruit the right operating executive partners that have
the requisite tools and experience to manage and grow our existing and newly acquired subsidiaries. Based on our management s long
history and experience in building relationships with a vast number of executives and their teams, we are confident that we have placed
or left successful executives in charge of our current subsidiaries and will be able to identify appropriate executives to add long term
value to any future acquisitions. 

After our acquisitions, the entities become wholly
owned subsidiaries and the target company s management team either maintains responsibility for the day-to-day operations or we
locate suitable executives to overtake responsibility for the entities. We believe that we can then provide these entities with some of
the benefits of being a publicly traded company, including but not limited to, providing them with increased access to funding that we
can obtain on their behalf in the capital markets for operations or expansion and our management team s experience operating businesses.
Our combined acquisition and value creation strategy drives our goal to deliver our public stockholders an opportunity to own a long term,
stable, durable compounding equity investment that can produce strong returns. 

2 

Our Market Opportunity 

Utilizing our management teams and principals 
expansive network of relationships, we believe there are a substantial number of small to mid-sized healthcare companies, second stage
startups emerging businesses with a strong organic growth plan that is materially cash generative and income producing real estate
holdings that we can seek to acquire that can potentially generate attractive returns for our stockholders. We further believe the economic
and market dislocation resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic enhanced our opportunity to obtain potentially profitable businesses, which
are facing lingering working capital challenges post pandemic, but have rebounded and returned to or near previous levels of profitability.
In this environment, we believe the expertise and relationships of our management team represent a compelling value proposition for potential
business targets looking for additional working capital infusion, a pathway to exit some equity, and leadership to assist them to grow
and expand. 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a potential target business, we
conduct a comprehensive due diligence review to seek to determine a company s quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence
review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document reviews, multiple meetings with management, consultations
with relevant industry experts, competitors, customers, and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek
to obtain as part of our analysis of a target company. Upon the consummation of an acquisition agreement with a target company, it becomes
a wholly owned subsidiary of our company. 

We anticipate structuring our acquisitions is
such a way so that the post-business combination subsidiary company will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the
target business or businesses. We may, however, structure future acquisitions such that the post-business combination company owns or
acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management
team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such acquisition if the post-business subsidiary company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment
Company Act. 

If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that
our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses,
it may be unable to do so if the board of directors is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is
a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early
stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized
skills and the board of directors determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. 

We finance acquisitions primarily through additional
equity and debt financings. We believe that having the ability to finance most, if not all, acquisitions with the general capital resources
raised by our company, rather than financing relating to the acquisition of individual businesses, provides us with an advantage in acquiring
attractive businesses by minimizing delay and closing conditions that are often related to acquisition-specific financings. Because the
timing and size of acquisitions cannot be readily predicted, we may need to be able to obtain funding on short notice to benefit fully
from attractive acquisition opportunities. The sale of additional shares of any class of equity will be subject to market conditions and
investor demand for such shares at prices that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders. The sale of additional equity securities
could also result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and
could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations. Financing may not be available in amounts
or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. See also Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure We
may not be able to successfully fund acquisitions due to the unavailability of equity or debt financing on acceptable terms, which could
impede the implementation of our acquisition strategy . 

3 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete acquisitions, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with
any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which
any acquisition is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another
acquisition. 

Members of our management team, including our
officers and directors, will directly or indirectly own a majority of our securities following this offering and, accordingly, may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

We have not selected any specific business combination
target for our next acquisition, and we have not entered into any letters of intent, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive
acquisition discussions, directly or indirectly, with any specific business combination target. 

To the extent we effect any future acquisition
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

There are several risks associated with our acquisition
strategy, including the following risks, which are described more fully in Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business
and Structure : 

our acquisition strategy exposes us to substantial risk; 

we may experience difficulty as we evaluate, acquire and integrate businesses that we may acquire, which
could result in drains on our resources, including the attention of our management, and disruptions of our on-going business; 

we may not be able to effectively integrate the businesses that we acquire; 

we face competition for businesses that fit our acquisition strategy and, therefore, we may have to acquire
targets at sub-optimal prices or, alternatively, forego certain acquisition opportunities; 

we may not be able to successfully fund acquisitions due to the unavailability of debt or equity financing
on acceptable terms, which could impede the implementation of our acquisition strategy; and 

we may change our management and acquisition strategies without the consent of our stockholders, which
may result in a determination by us to pursue riskier business activities. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating, and selecting potential
target business for acquisition, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours,
including blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions.
Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting acquisitions directly or through affiliates.
Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human, and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger
target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing
the acquisition of a target business. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an acquisition. 

4 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe that we have several competitive advantages
that differentiate us from other holding companies. Our competitive strengths include: 

Management Operating and Investing Experience . Our directors and executive officers have
significant executive, investment and operational experience in the management and growing of small and middle market companies. We believe
that this breadth of experience provides us with a competitive advantage in evaluating businesses and acquisition opportunities. 

Extensive Network of Small to Middle Market Companies . As a result of their experience with
acquisitions and in providing services to small to middle market companies around the United States, our management team members have
developed a broad array of contacts at private and closely held companies. We believe that these contacts will be important in generating
potential acquisition opportunities for us. 

Public Company Benefits . We believe our structure will make us an attractive business transaction
partner to prospective acquisition targets. As an existing public company, we will be able to raise capital to deploy to our acquired
businesses for their business operations. Additionally, we will be able to offer to the employees of our subsidiaries equity in our company
as an additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholder s interests. 

Maintaining of day-to-day control of operations . As part of our acquisition criteria for
a target company, we search for companies with what we believe are strong management teams, which allows us to have the management team
maintain control of the day-to-day operations of the companies. We believe this model is attractive to target companies with management
desiring to obtain the benefits of being a public company while maintaining control over the operations of their company. 

Intellectual Property 

We do not have any intellectual property at our
holding company. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, our company had two full-time
employees (excluding our operating subsidiaries described below). None of our employees are represented by labor unions, and we believe
that we have an excellent relationship with our employees. 

Regulation 

We do not expect that our holding company will
be subject to material governmental regulation. However, it is our policy to fully comply with all governmental regulation and regulatory
authorities. 

Healthcare Business 

Our healthcare business is operated by Nova,
which we acquired on May 31, 2021. This business accounted for approximately 88 and 54 of our revenues for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

5 

Overview 

We operate a group of regional primary specialty
and ancillary care facilities throughout Florida that provide traumatic injury victims with primary care evaluations, interventional pain
management, and specialty consultation services. We focus on plaintiff related care are and a highly efficient provider of EMC assessments.
We provide a full range of diagnostic and surgical services for injuries and disorders of the skeletal system and associated bones, joints,
tendons, muscles, ligaments, and nerves. From sports injuries, to sprains, strains, and fractures, our doctors are dedicated to helping
patients return to active lifestyles. 

The Healthcare Market 

The healthcare sector is defined as end users
whose primary business is the delivery of medical, patient care or treatment, medical diagnostic services, or medical care provided in
connection with disaster relief, including, but not limited to (i) professional medical and healthcare service companies, businesses,
institutions and enterprises, (ii) medical diagnostics facilities and laboratories having patient interaction, (iii) government and private
organizations providing medical care in connection with disaster relief and (iv) firms selling products or services into such end users.
Examples of such end users are: hospitals, including their pharmacies; integrated medical service provider networks and their member facilities;
surgery centers, including their pharmacies; blood banks; bone and tissue centers; physician and medical clinic offices including their
pharmacies; psychiatric health facilities, including their pharmacies; clinics in retail outlets that perform or provide medical services
or care; long-term medical care facilities, including their pharmacies; medical care components of the Red Cross or other disaster relief
organizations; and dental care facilities. 

Services 

We provide a full range of diagnostic and surgical
services for injuries and disorders of the skeletal system and associated bones, joints, tendons, muscles, ligaments, and nerves. Orthopedic
and pain procedure services include hip and knee replacement, shoulder reconstruction, fracture care and hand surgery, as well as spinal
surgery. 

Our service model is designed to promote referral
relationships, facilitate patient access, and coordinate administration among medical providers, personal injury attorneys, and chiropractors.
This referral relationship approach to case management results in increased revenue as attorneys consider the value of our
patient management process when brokering settlements. As EMC and early stage continued care providers, we believe that we have superior
access to patient information to determine the validity of each case and manage cases appropriately. 

Revenue is primarily provided by bodily injury
policies, general liability policies, and personal injury protection policies, which partially insulates our business from the declining
reimbursement programs paid from or correlated to Medicare/Medicaid and traditional health insurance companies. 

Healthcare Facilities 

We currently operate nine facilities, most of
which were opened in the last twenty-four months. As of December 31, 2022, management estimates that the nine facilities are operating
at 35 capacity. We believe that the most important factors relating to the overall utilization of a facility include adequate working
capital, the quality and market position of the facility and the number, quality and specialties of physicians providing patient care
within the facility. Other factors that affect utilization include general and local economic conditions, market penetration, the degree
of outpatient use, the availability of reimbursement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, and demographic changes such as the growth
in local populations. Utilization across the industry also is being affected by improvements in clinical practice, medical technology
and pharmacology. Current industry trends in utilization and occupancy have been significantly affected by changes in reimbursement policies
of third party payers. We are also unable to predict the extent to which these industry trends will continue or accelerate. 

6 

Customers, Sales and Marketing 

As of December 31, 2022, we provide services to
approximately 150-180 patients per month at nine facilities. Patients are primarily referred through a growing network of personal injury
attorneys, insurance carriers, physical therapy providers, and chiropractic care providers. 

Competition 

The health care industry is highly competitive.
In recent years, competition among healthcare providers for patients has intensified in the United States due to, among other things,
regulatory and technological changes, increasing use of managed care payment systems, cost containment pressures and a shift toward outpatient
treatment. In all of the geographical areas in which we operate, there are other facilities that provide services comparable to those
offered by our facilities. In addition, some of our competitors include hospitals that are owned by tax-supported governmental agencies
or by nonprofit corporations and may be supported by endowments and charitable contributions and exempt from property, sale and income
taxes. Such exemptions and support are not available to us. 

Certain of our competitors may have greater financial
resources, be better equipped and offer a broader range of services than us. The increase in outpatient treatment and diagnostic facilities,
outpatient surgical centers and freestanding ambulatory surgical also increases competition for us. 

The number and quality of the physicians on a
facility s staff are important factors in determining a facility s success and competitive advantage. Typically, physicians
are responsible for making admissions decisions and for directing the course of patient treatment. We believe that physicians refer patients
to a facility primarily on the basis of the patient s needs, the quality of other physicians on the medical staff, the location
of the facility and the breadth and scope of services offered at the facility. We strive to retain and attract qualified doctors by maintaining
high ethical and professional standards and providing adequate support personnel, technologically advanced equipment and facilities that
meet the needs of those physicians. 

In addition, we depend on the efforts, abilities,
and experience of our medical support personnel, including our nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians and other health care professionals.
We compete with other health care providers in recruiting and retaining qualified management, nurses and other medical personnel. Our
healthcare facilities are experiencing the effects of a nationwide staffing shortage, which has caused and may continue to cause an increase
in salaries, wages and benefits expense in excess of the inflation rate. In addition, there are requirements to maintain specified nurse-staffing
levels. To the extent we cannot meet those levels, we may be required to limit the healthcare services provided which would have a corresponding
adverse effect on our net operating revenues. 

Although most of our revenue is provided by bodily
injury policies, general liability policies, and personal injury protection policies, our ability to negotiate favorable service contracts
with purchasers of group health care services also affects our competitive position and significantly affects the revenues and operating
results of our facilities. Managed care plans attempt to direct and control the use of services and to demand that we accept lower rates
of payment. In addition, employers and traditional health insurers are increasingly interested in containing costs through negotiations
with facilities for managed care programs and discounts from established charges. In return, facilities secure commitments for a larger
number of potential patients. Generally, facilities compete for service contracts with group health care service purchasers on the basis
of price, market reputation, geographic location, quality and range of services, quality of the medical staff and convenience. The importance
of obtaining contracts with managed care organizations varies from market to market depending on the market strength of such organizations. 

A key element of our growth strategy is expansion
through opening additional locations and the acquisition of additional facilities in select markets. The competition to acquire healthcare
facilities is significant. We compete for acquisitions with other for-profit healthcare companies, private equity and venture capital
firms, as well as not-for-profit entities. Some of our competitors have greater resources than we do. We intend to selectively seek opportunities
to expand our base of operations by adhering to our disciplined program of rational growth, but may not be successful in accomplishing
acquisitions on favorable terms. 

7 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe that we have several competitive advantages,
including the following: 

Broad array of services focusing on plaintiff related care . We provide a full range
of diagnostic and surgical services for injuries and disorders of the skeletal system and associated bones, joints, tendons, muscles,
ligaments, and nerves with a focus on plaintiff related care. From sports injuries, to sprains, strains, and fractures, orthopedic and
pain procedure services include hip and knee replacement, shoulder reconstruction, fracture care and hand surgery, as well as spinal surgery.
Our service model is designed to promote referral relationships, facilitate patient access, and coordinate administration among medical
providers, personal injury attorneys, and chiropractors. As a result, our revenue is primarily provided by bodily injury policies, general
liability policies, and personal injury protection policies, which partially insulates our business from the declining reimbursement programs
paid from or correlated to Medicare/ Medicaid and traditional health insurance companies. 

Opportunities for accelerated growth . We have a track record of delivering strong growth
through a combination of organic growth, new contract additions and selective acquisitions. Organic growth has historically been supported
by consistent underlying market volume trends, stable pricing and a diversified payor mix. We believe that our networks of high-quality
providers position us to take advantage of these trends. We have successfully executed on new contract growth by providing a set of differentiated
services and delivering integrated, efficient, high-quality care, which has helped us expand our relationships with our existing customers
and compete effectively in the bidding process for new contracts. Additionally, we believe we will have opportunities to expand our services
through acquisitions, as discussed in more detail below. 

Focus on clinical excellence . We are focused on achieving the best clinical outcomes
for our patients through the application of rigorous recruiting and credentialing standards, the promotion of a physician-led leadership
culture and the monitoring of our clinical quality measures. Through extensive clinical and leadership development programs, we train
our healthcare professionals to continually enhance their skills and deliver innovative and patient-focused experiences and outcomes.
We provide internally developed continuing medical education accredited courses to our healthcare professionals, including instructor-led
and on-line education sessions. We have developed and implemented quality measurement systems that track multiple key indicators, which
assist our professionals in systematically monitoring, examining and analyzing outcomes and processes. These quality measurement systems
are supplemented by our active peer review infrastructure designed to ensure the development and implementation of actionable items that
will improve patient outcomes. Our ability to deliver high levels of customer service and patient care is a direct result of this focus,
which helps us to differentiate our services, and to attract and retain providers. 

Ability to attract and retain high-quality providers . Through our processes, we are
able to identify and target high-quality providers to match the needs of our customers. We believe that our operating infrastructure enables
us to provide attractive opportunities for our providers to enhance their skills through extensive clinical and leadership development
programs. We believe that our differentiated recruiting, training and development programs strengthen our customer and provider relationships,
enhance our contract and clinician retention rates and allow us to efficiently recruit providers to support our new contract pipeline. 

Growth Strategies 

The key elements of our strategy
to grow our business include: 

Capitalize on organic growth opportunities . As noted above, management estimates that
our nine facilities are operating at 35 capacity as if December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we believe that we have an opportunity for organic
growth at our existing facilities. We also believe our physician-led, patient-focused culture and approach to clinical solutions will
allow us to continue to successfully recruit and retain clinical professionals. 

8 

Supplement organic growth with strategic acquisitions . The market in which we compete
is highly fragmented, presenting significant opportunities for additional acquisitions. We will continue to follow a disciplined strategy
in exploring future acquisitions by analyzing the strategic rationale, financial impact and organic growth profile of each potential opportunity.
Our current focus for future acquisitions is MRI imaging, followed by medical billing and outpatient surgery centers. We have been in
discussions with several privately owned MRI facilities. Key targets are strategically located
within our market territory. We believe that the addition of these profitable businesses would be immediately enhanced by significant
additional new business that we would direct to them. 

Enhance operational efficiencies and productivity . We believe there are significant
opportunities to continue to build upon our success in improving our productivity and profitability. We continue to focus on initiatives
to improve productivity, including more efficient scheduling, continued use of mid-level providers, enhancing our leadership training
programs, improving and realigning compensation programs. We believe that our processes related to managed care contracting, billing,
coding, collection and compliance have driven a strong track record of efficient revenue cycle management. We have made significant investments
in infrastructure, including management information systems that we believe will continue to enable us to improve clinical results and
key client metrics while reducing the cost of providing patient care. We have dedicated teams with business and clinical expertise that
are responsible for implementing best practices. Furthermore, we will continue to utilize risk mitigation programs for loss prevention
and early intervention. We believe that our significant investments in scalable technology systems will facilitate additional cost reductions
and efficiencies. 

Intellectual Property 

Our healthcare business does not own any intellectual
property. 

Employees and Medical Staff 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 10 employees.
Our facilities are staffed by licensed physicians who have been admitted to the medical staff of individual facilities. Members of
the medical staffs of our facilities also serve on the medical staffs of facilities not owned by us and may terminate their affiliation
with our facilities at any time. Each of our facilities is managed on a day-to-day basis by a managing director. In addition, a Board
of Governors, including members of the facility s medical staff, governs the medical, professional and ethical practices at each
facilities. We believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory. 

None of our employees are represented by labor
unions, and we believe that we have an excellent relationship with our employees. 

Regulation 

The healthcare industry is subject to numerous
laws, regulations and rules including, among others, those related to government healthcare participation requirements, various licensure
and accreditations, reimbursement for patient services, health information privacy and security rules, and Medicare and Medicaid fraud
and abuse provisions (including, but not limited to, federal statutes and regulations prohibiting kickbacks and other illegal inducements
to potential referral sources, false claims submitted to federal or state health care programs and self-referrals by physicians). Providers
that are found to have violated any of these laws and regulations may be excluded from participating in government healthcare programs,
subjected to significant fines or penalties and/or required to repay amounts received from the government for previously billed patient
services. Although we believe our policies, procedures and practices comply with governmental regulations, no assurance can be given that
we will not be subjected to additional governmental inquiries or actions, or that we would not be faced with sanctions, fines or penalties
if so subjected. Even if we were to ultimately prevail, a significant governmental inquiry or action under one of the above laws, regulations
or rules could have a material adverse impact on us. 

9 

Licensing, Certification and Accreditation : All
of our facilities are subject to compliance with various federal, state and local statutes and regulations and receive periodic inspection
by state licensing agencies to review standards of medical care, equipment and cleanliness. Our facilities s must also comply with the
conditions of participation and licensing requirements of federal, state and local health agencies, as well as the requirements of municipal
building codes, health codes and local fire departments. Various other licenses and permits are also required in order to dispense narcotics,
operate pharmacies, handle radioactive materials and operate certain equipment. All of our eligible hospitals have been accredited
by The Joint Commission. All of our facilities are certified as providers of Medicare and Medicaid services by the appropriate governmental
authorities. If any of our facilities were to lose its Joint Commission accreditation or otherwise lose its certification under the Medicare
and Medicaid programs, the facility may be unable to receive reimbursement from the Medicare and Medicaid programs and other payers. We
believe our facilities are in substantial compliance with current applicable federal, state, local and independent review body regulations
and standards. The requirements for licensure, certification and accreditation are subject to change and, in order to remain qualified,
it may become necessary for us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel and services in the future, which could have a
material adverse impact on operations. 

Certificates of Need : Many
states, including Florida, have enacted certificates of need, or CON, laws as a condition prior to capital expenditures, construction,
expansion, modernization or initiation of major new services. Failure to obtain necessary state approval can result in our inability to
complete an acquisition, expansion or replacement, the imposition of civil or, in some cases, criminal sanctions, the inability to receive
Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement or the revocation of a facility s license, which could harm our business. In addition, significant
CON reforms have been proposed in a number of states that would increase the capital spending thresholds and provide exemptions of various
services from review requirements. In the past, we have not experienced any material adverse effects from those requirements, but we cannot
predict the impact of these changes upon our operations. 

Conversion Legislation : Many
states have enacted or are considering enacting laws affecting the conversion or sale of not-for-profit healthcare facilities to for-profit
entities. These laws generally require prior approval from the attorney general, advance notification and community involvement. In addition,
attorneys general in states without specific conversion legislation may exercise discretionary authority over these transactions. Although
the level of government involvement varies from state to state, the trend is to provide for increased governmental review and, in some
cases, approval of a transaction in which a not-for-profit entity sells a health care facility to a for-profit entity. The adoption of
new or expanded conversion legislation and the increased review of not-for-profit conversions may limit our ability to grow through acquisitions
of not-for-profit facilities. 

Utilization Review : Federal
regulations require that admissions and utilization of facilities by Medicare and Medicaid patients must be reviewed in order to ensure
efficient utilization of facilities and services. The law and regulations require Peer Review Organizations, or PROs, to review the appropriateness
of Medicare and Medicaid patient admissions and discharges, the quality of care provided, the validity of diagnosis related group classifications
and the appropriateness of cases of extraordinary length of stay. PROs may deny payment for services provided, assess fines and also have
the authority to recommend to the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, that a provider that is in substantial non-compliance
with the standards of the PRO be excluded from participating in the Medicare program. We have contracted with PROs to perform the required
reviews. 

Audits : Most healthcare facilities
are subject to federal audits to validate the accuracy of Medicare and Medicaid program submitted claims. If these audits identify
overpayments, we could be required to pay a substantial rebate of prior years payments subject to various administrative appeal
rights. The federal government contracts with third-party recovery audit contractors and Medicaid integrity contractors ,
on a contingent fee basis, to audit the propriety of payments to Medicare and Medicaid providers. Similarly, Medicare zone program integrity
contractors target claims for potential fraud and abuse. Additionally, Medicare administrative contractors must ensure they pay the
right amount for covered and correctly coded services rendered to eligible beneficiaries by legitimate providers. The Centers for Medicare
and Medicaid Services announced its intent to consolidate many of these Medicare and Medicaid program integrity functions into new unified
program integrity contractors, though it remains unclear what effect, if any, this consolidation may have. We have undergone claims audits
related to our receipt of federal healthcare payments during the last three years, the results of which have not required material adjustments
to our consolidated results of operations. However, potential liability from future federal or state audits could ultimately exceed established
reserves, and any excess could potentially be substantial. Further, Medicare and Medicaid regulations also provide for withholding
Medicare and Medicaid overpayments in certain circumstances, which could adversely affect our cash flow. 

10 

The Stark Law : The Social Security
Act includes a provision commonly known as the Stark Law. This law prohibits physicians from referring Medicare and Medicaid
patients to entities with which they or any of their immediate family members have a financial relationship, unless an exception is met.
These types of referrals are known as self-referrals. Sanctions for violating the Stark Law include civil penalties up to
 26,125 for each violation, and up to 174,172 for sham arrangements. There are a number of exceptions to the self-referral prohibition,
including an exception for a physician s ownership interest in an entire facility as opposed to an ownership interest in a facility
department unit, service or subpart. However, federal laws and regulations now limit the ability of facilities relying on this exception
to expand aggregate physician ownership interest or to expand certain facilities. This regulation also places a number of compliance requirements
on physician-owned facilities related to reporting of ownership interest. There are also exceptions for many of the customary financial
arrangements between physicians and providers, including employment contracts, leases and recruitment agreements that adhere to certain
enumerated requirements. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS,
issued a final rule in 2020 that created a new Stark exception for value-based models. Although the final regulations provide exceptions
to the Stark Law, there may remain regulatory risks for participating hospitals, as well as financial and operational risks. We monitor
all aspects of our business and have developed a comprehensive ethics and compliance program that is designed to meet or exceed applicable
federal guidelines and industry standards. Nonetheless, because the law in this area is complex and constantly evolving, there can be
no assurance that federal regulatory authorities will not determine that any of our arrangements with physicians violate the Stark Law. 

Anti-kickback Statute : A provision
of the Social Security Act known as the anti-kickback statute prohibits healthcare providers and others from directly or
indirectly soliciting, receiving, offering or paying money or other remuneration to other individuals and entities in return for using,
referring, ordering, recommending or arranging for such referrals or orders of services or other items covered by a federal or state health
care program. However, changes to the anti-kickback statute have reduced the intent required for violation; one is no longer required
to have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of the anti-kickback statute in order to be found in violation of such
law. The anti-kickback statute contains certain exceptions, and the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human
Services, or the OIG, has issued regulations that provide for safe harbors, from the federal anti-kickback statute for various
activities. These activities, which must meet certain requirements, include (but are not limited to) the following: investment interests,
space rental, equipment rental, practitioner recruitment, personnel services and management contracts, sale of practice, referral services,
warranties, discounts, employees, group purchasing organizations, waiver of beneficiary coinsurance and deductible amounts, managed care
arrangements, obstetrical malpractice insurance subsidies, investments in group practices, freestanding surgery centers, donation of technology
for electronic health records and referral agreements for specialty services. In 2020, the OIG issued a final rule that established
an anti-kickback statute safe harbor for value based models. Although the final regulations provide safe harbors, there may remain regulatory
risks for participating facilities , as well as financial and operational risks. The
fact that conduct or a business arrangement does not fall within a safe harbor or exception does not automatically render the conduct
or business arrangement illegal under the anti-kickback statute. However, such conduct and business arrangements may lead to increased
scrutiny by government enforcement authorities. Although we believe that our arrangements with physicians and other referral sources have
been structured to comply with current law and available interpretations, there can be no assurance that all arrangements comply with
an available safe harbor or that regulatory authorities enforcing these laws will determine these financial arrangements do not violate
the anti-kickback statute or other applicable laws. Violations of the anti-kickback statute may be punished by a criminal fine of up to
 100,000 for each violation or imprisonment, however, under 18 U.S.C. Section 3571, this fine may be increased to 250,000 for individuals
and 500,000 for organizations. Civil money penalties may include fines of up to 105,563 per violation and damages of up to three
times the total amount of the remuneration and/or exclusion from participation in Medicare and Medicaid. 

11 

Similar State Laws : Many states,
including Florida, have adopted laws that prohibit payments to physicians in exchange for referrals similar to the anti-kickback statute
and the Stark Law, some of which apply regardless of the source of payment for care. These statutes typically provide criminal and civil
penalties as well as loss of licensure. In many instances, the state statutes provide that any arrangement falling in a federal safe harbor
will be immune from scrutiny under the state statutes. However, in most cases, little precedent exists for the interpretation or enforcement
of these state laws. These laws and regulations are extremely complex and, in many cases, we do not have the benefit of regulatory or
judicial interpretation. It is possible that different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our
current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment,
personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. A determination that we have violated one or more of these laws,
or the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of one or more of these laws, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and our business reputation could suffer significantly. In
addition, we cannot predict whether other legislation or regulations at the federal or state level will be adopted, what form such legislation
or regulations may take or what their impact on us may be. If we are deemed to have failed to comply with the anti-kickback statute, the
Stark Law or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil penalties
(including the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities), and exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in
the Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state health care programs. The imposition of such penalties could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Federal False Claims Act and Similar State
Regulations : A current trend affecting the health care industry is the increased use of the federal False Claims Act, and,
in particular, actions being brought by individuals on the government s behalf under the False Claims Act s qui tam, or whistleblower,
provisions. Whistleblower provisions allow private individuals to bring actions on behalf of the government by alleging that the defendant
has defrauded the Federal government. When a defendant is determined by a court of law to have violated the False Claims Act, the defendant
may be liable for up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties of between 12,537
to 25,076 for each separate false claim. There are many potential bases for liability under the False Claims Act. Liability often arises
when an entity knowingly submits a false claim for reimbursement to the federal government. The Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of
2009, or FERA, amended and expanded the number of actions for which liability may attach under the False Claims Act, eliminating requirements
that false claims be presented to federal officials or directly involve federal funds. FERA also clarifies that a false claim violation
occurs upon the knowing retention, as well as the receipt, of overpayments. In addition, recent changes to the anti-kickback statute have
made violations of that law punishable under the civil False Claims Act. Further, a number of states have adopted their own false claims
provisions as well as their own whistleblower provisions whereby a private party may file a civil lawsuit on behalf of the state in state
court. The False Claims Act require that federal healthcare program overpayments be returned within 60 days from the date the overpayment
was identified, or by the date any corresponding cost report was due, whichever is later. Failure to return an overpayment within this
period may result in additional civil False Claims Act liability. 

Other Fraud and Abuse Provisions : The
Social Security Act also imposes criminal and civil penalties for submitting false claims to Medicare and Medicaid. False claims include,
but are not limited to, billing for services not rendered, billing for services without prescribed documentation, misrepresenting actual
services rendered in order to obtain higher reimbursement and cost report fraud. Like the anti-kickback statute, these provisions are
very broad. Further, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996,, or HIPAA, broadened the scope of the fraud and
abuse laws by adding several criminal provisions for health care fraud offenses that apply to all health benefit programs, whether or
not payments under such programs are paid pursuant to federal programs. HIPAA also introduced enforcement mechanisms to prevent fraud
and abuse in Medicare. There are civil penalties for prohibited conduct, including, but not limited to billing for medically unnecessary
products or services. 

12 

HIPAA Administrative Simplification and
Privacy Requirements : The administrative simplification provisions of HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, require the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for health care claims
and payment transactions submitted or received electronically. These provisions are intended to encourage electronic commerce in the health
care industry. HIPAA also established federal rules protecting the privacy and security of personal health information. The privacy and
security regulations address the use and disclosure of individual health care information and the rights of patients to understand and
control how such information is used and disclosed. Violations of HIPAA can result in both criminal and civil fines and penalties. We
believe that we are in material compliance with the privacy regulations of HIPAA, as we continue to develop training and revise procedures
to address ongoing compliance. The HIPAA security regulations require health care providers to implement administrative, physical and
technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of patient information. HITECH has since strengthened
certain HIPAA rules regarding the use and disclosure of protected health information, extended certain HIPAA provisions to business associates,
and created new security breach notification requirements. HITECH has also extended the ability to impose civil money penalties on providers
not knowing that a HIPAA violation has occurred. We believe that we have been in substantial compliance with HIPAA and HITECH requirements
to date. Recent changes to the HIPAA regulations may result in greater compliance requirements for healthcare providers, including expanded
obligations to report breaches of unsecured patient data, as well as create new liabilities for the actions of parties acting as business
associates on our behalf. 

Red Flags Rule : In addition,
the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, Red Flags Rule requires financial institutions and businesses maintaining accounts to address
the risk of identity theft. The Red Flag Program Clarification Act of 2010, signed on December 18, 2010, appears to exclude certain
healthcare providers from the Red Flags Rule, but permits the FTC or relevant agencies to designate additional creditors subject to the
Red Flags Rule through future rulemaking if the agencies determine that the person in question maintains accounts subject to foreseeable
risk of identity theft. Compliance with any such future rulemaking may require additional expenditures in the future. 

Patient Safety and Quality Improvement Act
of 2005 : On July 29, 2005, the Patient Safety and Quality Improvement Act of 2005 was enacted, which has the goal of
reducing medical errors and increasing patient safety. This legislation establishes a confidential reporting structure in which providers
can voluntarily report patient safety work product, or PSWP, to patient safety organizations, or PSOs. Under the system, PSWP is made
privileged, confidential and legally protected from disclosure. PSWP does not include medical, discharge or billing records or any other
original patient or provider records but does include information gathered specifically in connection with the reporting of medical errors
and improving patient safety. This legislation does not preempt state or federal mandatory disclosure laws concerning information that
does not constitute PSWP. PSOs are certified by the Secretary of the HHS for three-year periods and analyze PSWP, provide feedback to
providers and may report non-identifiable PSWP to a database. In addition, PSOs are expected to generate patient safety improvement strategies. 

Environmental Regulations : Our
healthcare operations generate medical waste that must be disposed of in compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws,
rules and regulations. Infectious waste generators, including healthcare facilities, face substantial penalties for improper disposal
of medical waste, including civil penalties of up to 25,000 per day of noncompliance, criminal penalties of up to 50,000 per day, imprisonment,
and remedial costs. In addition, our operations, as well as our purchases and sales of facilities are subject to various other environmental
laws, rules and regulations. We believe that our disposal of such wastes is in material compliance with all state and federal laws. 

Corporate Practice of Medicine : Several
states, including Florida, have laws and/or regulations that prohibit corporations and other entities from employing physicians and practicing
medicine for a profit or that prohibit certain direct and indirect payments or fee-splitting arrangements between health care providers
that are designed to induce or encourage the referral of patients to, or the recommendation of, particular providers for medical products
and services. Possible sanctions for violation of these restrictions include loss of license and civil and criminal penalties. In addition,
agreements between the corporation and the physician may be considered void and unenforceable. These statutes and/or regulations vary
from state to state, are often vague and have seldom been interpreted by the courts or regulatory agencies. We do not expect these state
corporate practice of medicine proscriptions to significantly affect our operations. Many states have laws and regulations which prohibit
payments for referral of patients and fee-splitting with physicians. We do not make any such payments or have any such arrangements. 

13 

Health Care Industry Investigations : We
are subject to claims and suits in the ordinary course of business, including those arising from care and treatment afforded by our facilities 
and are party to various government investigations and litigation. In addition, currently, and from time to time, some of our facilities
are subjected to inquiries and/or actions and receive notices of potential non-compliance of laws and regulations from various federal
and state agencies. Providers that are found to have violated these laws and regulations may be excluded from participating in government
healthcare programs, subjected to potential licensure, certification, and/or accreditation revocation, subjected to fines or penalties
or required to repay amounts received from the government for previously billed patient services. We monitor all aspects of our business
and have developed a comprehensive ethics and compliance program that is designed to meet or exceed applicable federal guidelines and
industry standards. Because the law in this area is complex and constantly evolving, governmental investigation or litigation may result
in interpretations that are inconsistent with industry practices, including ours. Although we believe our policies, procedures and practices
comply with governmental regulations, no assurance can be given that we will not be subjected to inquiries or actions, or that we will
not be faced with sanctions, fines or penalties in connection with the investigations. Even if we were to ultimately prevail, the government s
inquiry and/or action in connection with these matters could have a material adverse effect on our future operating results. It is possible
that governmental entities could initiate additional investigations or litigation in the future and that such matters could result in
significant penalties as well as adverse publicity. It is also possible that our executives and/or managers could be included as targets
or witnesses in governmental investigations or litigation and/or named as defendants in private litigation. 

Medical Malpractice Tort Law Reform : Medical
malpractice tort law has historically been maintained at the state level. All states have laws governing medical liability lawsuits. Over
half of the states have limits on damages awards. Almost all states have eliminated joint and several liability in malpractice lawsuits,
and many states have established limits on attorney fees. Many states had bills introduced in their legislative sessions to address medical
malpractice tort reform. Proposed solutions include enacting limits on non-economic damages, malpractice insurance reform, and gathering
lawsuit claims data from malpractice insurance companies and the courts for the purpose of assessing the connection between malpractice
settlements and premium rates. Reform legislation has also been proposed, but not adopted, at the federal level that could preempt additional
state legislation in this area. 

Financial Services (Tax Resolution) Business

Our financial services business is operated by
Platinum Tax, which we acquired on July 31, 2018. This business accounted for approximately 11 and 43 of our revenues for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Overview 

Platinum Tax is a full-service tax resolution
firm located in Los Angeles, California. Since 2011, we have been assisting all types of taxpayers resolve any and all issues with the
IRS and applicable state tax agencies. We provide fee-based tax resolution services to individuals and companies that have federal and
state tax liabilities by assisting clients to settle outstanding tax debts. 

Services 

We provide fee-based tax resolution services to
individuals and companies that have federal and state tax liabilities by assisting clients to settle outstanding tax debts. Specifically,
our tax relief services include, but are not limited to, back taxes, offer in compromise, audit representation, amending tax returns,
tax preparation, tax resolution, wage garnishment relief, removal of bank levies and liens, bookkeeping, and resolution of other financial
challenges. We have a team of 10 members which includes tax attorneys, accountants, and enrolled agents that have resolved tax issues
for thousands of clients. 

14 

Customers, Sales and Marketing 

Our clients primarily include individuals and
companies that have federal and state tax liabilities. Since inception, our knowledgeable tax resolution experts have resolved tax issues
for thousands of clients nationwide. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

Our marketing efforts include the use the radio,
television and the internet to advertise help for taxpayers in distress. 

Competition 

The tax resolution industry is highly competitive.
We face substantial competition from other local, regional and national tax relief companies, such as Optima Tax Relief ,
 Precision Tax Relief, Anthem Tax Services, Fortress Tax Relief, Community Tax, Enterprise Consultants Group, Tax Defense Network,
and ALG Tax Solutions. Most of our competitors have greater financial resources, are better equipped and offer a broader range of
services than we do. 

Intellectual Property 

Our financial services business does not own any
intellectual property. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 5 employees. None
of our employees are represented by labor unions, and we believe that we have an excellent relationship with our employees. 

Regulation 

We are subject to various additional federal,
state and local laws and regulations, including, without limitation, in the areas of labor, immigration, marketing and advertising, consumer
protection, financial services, income tax preparation, privacy and data security, anti-competition, environmental, health and safety,
insurance, and healthcare. There have been significant new or proposed regulations and/or heightened focus by the government and others
in some of these areas, including, for example, related to privacy and data security, consumer financial services, endorsements and testimonials,
telemarketing, restrictive covenants, and labor, including overtime and exemption regulations, state and local laws on minimum wage, worker
classification, and other labor-related issues. We work to comply with those laws that are applicable to us or our services, and we continue
to monitor developments in the regulatory environment in which we operate. 

From time to time, we receive inquiries from governmental
authorities regarding the applicability of laws to our services and products and other matters relating to our business. We cannot predict
what effect future laws, changes in interpretations of existing laws or the results of future governmental inquiries with respect to services
or other matters relating to our business may have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Real Estate Business 

Our real estate business is operated by Edge View,
which we acquired on July 16, 2014. This business accounted for approximately 0 and 2 of our revenues for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

15 

Our Property 

We own five (5) acres zoned medium density residential
(MDR) with 12 lots already platted; six (6) acres zoned high-density residential (HDR) that can be platted in various configurations
to meet current housing needs; and twelve (12) acres zoned in Lemhi County as Agriculture that is available for further annexation into
the City of Salmon for development, as well as a common area for landowners to view wildlife, provide access to the Salmon River and fishing
in a two (2) acre pond. Salmon is known as Idaho s premier whitewater destination as well as one of the easier accesses
to the Frank Church Wilderness Area - the largest wilderness in the lower 48 states. Salmon s airport has service to Boise,
Idaho and serves as a hub to access whitewater rafting start points and wilderness landing strips. Management has invested years working
to develop a new and exciting housing development in Salmon, Idaho and plans to enter into a joint venture agreement with a developer
for this planned concept development. 

Intellectual Property 

Edge View does not own any intellectual property. 

Employees 

Edge View does not have any employees. 

Regulation 

Federal, State and/or Local Regulatory Compliance

We are subject to a variety of Federal, state,
and/or local statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations covering the purchase, development, construction and operation of real estate
assets. These regulatory requirements include zoning and land use, building design, construction, worksite safety, traffic, and other
matters, such as local rules that may impose restrictive zoning and developmental requirements. We are subject to various licensing, registration,
and filing requirements in connection with our real estate assets. Finally, state and/or local governments retain certain rights with
respect to eminent domain which could enable them to restrict or alter the use of our property. These requirements may lead to increases
in our overall costs. The need to comply with these requirements may significantly delay development and/or construction with regard to
our properties, or lead us to alter our plans regarding our real estate assets. 

Environmental Regulatory Compliance 

Under various Federal, state and/or local laws,
ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of a property may be required to investigate and/or clean-up hazardous
or toxic substances released at that property. That owner or operator also may be held liable to third parties for bodily injury or property
damage (investigation and/or clean-up costs) incurred by those parties in connection with the contamination at that site. These laws often
impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or otherwise caused the release of the hazardous or toxic substances.
In addition, persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances or other regulated materials also may be liable
for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility, whether or not such facility is owned
or operated by such persons. 

The costs of remediation or removal of hazardous
or toxic substances can be substantial, and the presence of contamination, or the failure to remediate contamination discovered, at a
property we own or operate may adversely affect our ability to develop, construct on, sell, lease, or borrow upon that property. 

16 

In addition, our properties may be exposed to
a risk of contamination originating from other sources. While a property owner generally is not responsible for remediating contamination
that has migrated on-site from an off-site source, the contaminant s presence could have adverse effects on our ability to develop,
construct on, operate, sell, lease, or borrow upon that property. Certain environmental laws may create a lien on a contaminated site
in favor of the government for damages and costs the government may incur to remediate that contamination. Moreover, if contamination
is discovered on a property, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which that property may be used, or how businesses
may be operated on that property, thus reducing our ability to maximize our investment in that property. Our properties have been subjected
to varying degrees of environmental assessment at various times; however, the identification of new areas of contamination, a change in
the extent or known scope of contamination, or changes in environmental regulatory standards and/or cleanup requirements could result
in significant costs to us. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider all of the risks described below, together with all of the other information
contained or referred to in this report, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following
events occur, our financial condition, business and results of operations (including cash flows) may be materially adversely affected.
In that event, the market price of our shares could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 

We have incurred losses since our inception,
and we may not be able to manage our business on a profitable basis. 

We have generated losses since inception and have
relied on cash on hand, sales of securities, advances from stockholders and third-party and related party debt to support our operations.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 4,623,521. Although revenue from our portfolio companies has increased since
2001, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in realizing revenues or in achieving or sustaining positive cash flow at any
time in the future. Any such failure could result in the possible closure of our business or force us to seek additional capital through
loans or additional sales of our equity securities to continue business operations, which would dilute the value of any shares you hold
and could result in the loss of your entire investment. 

The report of our independent registered public
accounting firm included a going concern explanatory paragraph. 

Although our audited financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022 were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern, the report of our independent registered
public accounting firm that accompanies our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains an explanatory paragraph
relating to our ability to continue as a going concern due to the fact that we have sustained net loss since inception and have accumulated
and working capital deficits. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 73.54 million and a working capital deficit
of approximately 3.14 million. 

However, management believes, based on our operating
plan, that current working capital and current and expected additional financing is sufficient to fund operations and satisfy our obligations
as they come due for at least one year from the financial statement issuance date. However, we do
believe additional funds are required to execute our business plan and our strategy of acquiring additional businesses. The funds required
to execute our business plan will depend on the size, capital structure and purchase price consideration that the seller of a target business
deems acceptable in a given transaction. The amount of funds needed to execute our business plan also depends on what portion of the purchase
price of a target business the seller of that business is willing to take in the form of seller notes or our equity or equity in one of
our subsidiaries. Given these factors, we believe that the amount of outside additional capital necessary to execute our business plan
on the low end (assuming target company sellers accept a significant portion of the purchase price in the form of seller notes or our
equity or equity in one of our subsidiaries) ranges between 2 million to 5 million. If, and to the extent, that sellers are unwilling
to accept a significant portion of the purchase price in seller notes and equity, then the cash required to execute our business plan
could be as much as 10 million. 

17 

Although we do not believe that we will require
additional cash to continue our operations over the next twelve months, there are no assurances that we will be able to raise our revenues
to a level which supports profitable operations and provides sufficient funds to pay obligations in the future. Our prior losses have
had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, continued operations and our ability to acquire
additional businesses may be dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing in the future, and there are no assurances that such
financing will be available to us at all or will be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do
not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate additional funds in the
future through our operations, financings or from other sources or transactions, we will exhaust our resources and will be unable to continue
operations. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our stockholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in our company. 

The effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our
operations has had, and is expected to continue to have, a negative effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results
of operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve.
The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, and we have experienced
and expect to continue to experience unpredictable reductions in demand for certain of our services. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, client enrollment
at Platinum Tax has been at a slower pace than initially expected. In addition, during 2022, Platinum Tax experienced reduced enrollment
due to governmental policy. As a result, the performance of Platinum Tax was effected and the pandemic had a material adverse impact on
its market share growth plans and timelines. Additionally, in accordance with recommendations from public health officials to mitigate
the spread of COVID-19, we have during periods of 2020 temporarily closed certain operations for several months. All operations are now
open and functioning. Our results will be adversely impacted by any new closures and other actions taken to contain or treat the impact
of COVID-19, and the extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

Furthermore, the global deterioration in economic
conditions, which may have an adverse impact on discretionary consumer spending or investing, could also impact our business and demand
for our services. For instance, consumer spending and investing may be negatively impacted by general macroeconomic conditions, including
a rise in unemployment, and decreased consumer confidence resulting from the pandemic. 

Our efforts to help mitigate the negative impact
of the outbreak on our business may not be effective, and we may be affected by a protracted economic downturn. Furthermore, while many
governmental authorities around the world have and continue to enact legislation to address the impact of COVID-19, including measures
intended to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the virus, we may not benefit from such legislation, or such
legislation may prove to be ineffective in addressing COVID-19 s impact on our and our customer s businesses and operations.
Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience impacts to our business as a result of COVID-19 s global
economic impact and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. Further, as the COVID-19 situation is unprecedented and
continuously evolving, COVID-19 may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or in
a manner that we currently do not consider that may present significant risks to our operations. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may
impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted as of the date of this prospectus.
Nevertheless, the pandemic and the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in the global
supply chain and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect
of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 

Our acquisition strategy exposes us to substantial
risk. 

Our acquisition of companies is subject to substantial
risk, including but not limited to the failure to identify material problems during due diligence (for which we may not be indemnified
post-closing), the risk of over-paying for assets (or not making acquisitions on an accretive basis), the ability to obtain or retain
customers and the risks of entering markets where we have limited experience. While we perform due diligence on prospective acquisitions,
we may not be able to discover all potential operational deficiencies in such entities. 

18 

Our prior and future businesses may not perform
as expected or the returns from such businesses may not support the financing utilized to acquire them or maintain them. Furthermore,
integration and consolidation of acquired businesses requires substantial human, financial and other resources and may divert management s
attention from our existing business concerns, disrupt our ongoing business or not be successfully integrated. Even if we consummate businesses
that we believe will be accretive, those businesses may in fact result in a decrease in revenues as a result of incorrect assumptions
in our evaluation of such businesses, unforeseen consequences, or other external events beyond our control. Furthermore, if we consummate
any future acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly, and stockholders will generally not have
the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial, and other relevant information that we will consider in determining the application
of these funds and other resources. As a result, the consummation of acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We may experience difficulty as we evaluate,
acquire and integrate businesses that we may acquire, which could result in drains on our resources, including the attention of our management,
and disruptions of our on-going business. 

We acquire small to mid-sized businesses in various
industries. Generally, because such businesses are privately held, we may experience difficulty in evaluating potential target businesses
as much of the information concerning these businesses is not publicly available. Therefore, our estimates and assumptions used to evaluate
the operations, management and market risks with respect to potential target businesses may be subject to various risks and uncertainties.
Further, the time and costs associated with identifying and evaluating potential target businesses may cause a substantial drain on our
resources and may divert our management team s attention away from the operations of our businesses for significant periods of time. 

In addition, we may have difficulty effectively
integrating and managing acquisitions. The management or improvement of businesses we acquire may be hindered by a number of factors,
including limitations in the standards, controls, procedures and policies implemented in connection with such acquisitions. Further, the
management of an acquired business may involve a substantial reorganization of the business operations resulting in the loss of
employees and customers or the disruption of our ongoing businesses. We may experience greater than expected costs or difficulties relating
to an acquisition, in which case, we might not achieve the anticipated returns from any particular acquisition. 

We may not be able to effectively integrate
the businesses that we acquire. 

Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits
of acquisitions will depend on our ability to integrate those businesses with our own. The combination of multiple independent businesses
is a complex, costly and time-consuming process and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate businesses
into our business, or if such integration is successfully accomplished, that such integration will not be costlier or take longer than
presently contemplated. Integration of future acquisitions may include various risks and uncertainties, including the factors discussed
in the paragraph below. If we cannot successfully integrate and manage the businesses within a reasonable time, we may not be able to
realize the potential and anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price, business,
cash flows, results of operations and financial position. 

We will consider acquisitions that we believe
will complement, strengthen and enhance our growth. We evaluate opportunities on a preliminary basis from time to time, but these transactions
may not advance beyond the preliminary stages or be completed. Such acquisitions are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including: 

the inability to integrate effectively the operations, products, technologies and personnel of the acquired
companies (some of which are in diverse geographic regions) and achieve expected synergies; 

the potential disruption of existing business and diversion of management s attention from day-to-day
operations; 

the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

19 

the need or obligation to divest portions of the acquired companies; 

the potential failure to identify material problems and liabilities during due diligence review of acquisition
targets; 

the potential failure to obtain sufficient indemnification rights to fully offset possible liabilities
associated with acquired businesses; and 

the challenges associated with operating in new geographic regions. 

Failure to manage our growing and changing
business could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

As we grow, we expect to encounter additional
challenges to our internal processes, capital commitment process, and acquisition funding and financing capabilities. Our existing operations,
personnel, systems, and internal control may not be adequate to support our growth and expansion and may require us to make additional
unanticipated investments in our infrastructure. To manage the future growth of our operations, we will be required to improve our administrative,
operational, and financial systems, procedures, and controls, and maintain, expand, train, and manage our growing employee base. If we
are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, execute our business strategies
successfully or respond to competitive pressures. As a result, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. 

We face competition for businesses that
fit our acquisition strategy and, therefore, we may have to acquire targets at sub-optimal prices or, alternatively, forego certain acquisition
opportunities. 

We have been formed to acquire and manage small
to mid-sized businesses. In pursuing such acquisitions, we expect to face strong competition from a wide range of other potential purchasers.
Although the pool of potential purchasers for such businesses is typically smaller than for larger businesses, those potential purchasers
can be aggressive in their approach to acquiring such businesses. Furthermore, we expect that we may need to use third-party financing
in order to fund some or all of these potential acquisitions, thereby increasing our acquisition costs. To the extent that other potential
purchasers do not need to obtain third-party financing or are able to obtain such financing on more favorable terms, they may be in a
position to be more aggressive with their acquisition proposals. As a result, in order to be competitive, our acquisition proposals may
need to be aggressively priced, including at price levels that exceed what we originally determined to be fair or appropriate. Alternatively,
we may determine that we cannot pursue on a cost-effective basis what would otherwise be an attractive acquisition opportunity. 

We may not be able to successfully fund
acquisitions due to the unavailability of equity or debt financing on acceptable terms, which could impede the implementation of our acquisition
strategy. 

We finance acquisitions primarily through additional
equity and debt financings. Because the timing and size of acquisitions cannot be readily predicted, we may need to be able to obtain
funding on short notice to benefit fully from attractive acquisition opportunities. The sale of additional shares of any class of equity
will be subject to market conditions and investor demand for such shares at prices that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders.
The sale of additional equity securities could also result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result
in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations.
Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. These risks may materially adversely affect our ability
to pursue our acquisition strategy. 

20 

We may change our management and acquisition
strategies without the consent of our stockholders, which may result in a determination by us to pursue riskier business activities. 

We may change our strategy at any time without
the consent of our stockholders, which may result in our acquiring businesses or assets that are different from, and possibly riskier
than, the strategy described in this prospectus. A change in our strategy may increase our exposure to interest rate and currency fluctuations,
subject us to regulation under the Investment Company Act or subject us to other risks and uncertainties that affect our operations and
profitability. 

We are a holding company and rely on distributions
and other payments, advances, and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. 

Our primary business is the holding and managing
of controlling interests our operating businesses. Therefore, we will be dependent upon the ability of our businesses to generate cash
flows and, in turn, distribute cash to us in the form of distributions, advances and other transfers of funds to enable us to satisfy
our financial obligations. The ability of our businesses to make payments to us may also be subject to limitations under laws of the jurisdictions
in which they are incorporated or organized. 

In the future, we may seek to enter into
credit facilities to help fund our acquisition capital and working capital needs. These credit facilities may expose us to additional
risks associated with leverage and may inhibit our operating flexibility. 

We may seek to enter into credit facilities with
third-party lenders to help fund our acquisitions. Such credit facilities will likely require us to pay a commitment fee on the undrawn
amount and will likely contain a number of affirmative and restrictive covenants. If we violate any such covenants, our lenders could
accelerate the maturity of any debt outstanding. Such debt may be secured by our assets, including the stock we may own in businesses
that we acquire and the rights we have under intercompany loan agreements that we may enter into with our businesses. Our ability to meet
our debt service obligations may be affected by events beyond our control and will depend primarily upon cash produced by businesses that
we currently manage and may acquire in the future and distributed or paid to us. Any failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness
may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

In addition, we expect that such credit facilities
will bear interest at floating rates which will generally change as interest rates change. We will bear the risk that the rates that we
are charged by our lenders will increase faster than we can grow the cash flow from our businesses or businesses that we may acquire in
the future, which could reduce profitability, materially adversely affect our ability to service our debt, cause us to breach covenants
contained in our third-party credit facilities and reduce cash flow available for distribution. 

The loss of the services of the current
officers and directors could severely impact our business operations and future development, which could result in a loss of revenues
and one s ability to ever sell any shares. 

Our performance is substantially dependent upon
the professional expertise of the current officers and board of directors. Each has extensive expertise in business development and acquisitions,
and we are dependent on their abilities. If they are unable to perform their duties, this could have an adverse effect on business operations,
financial condition, and operating results if we are unable to replace them with other individuals qualified to develop and market our
business. The loss of their services could result in a loss of revenues, which could result in a reduction of the value of any shares
you hold as well as the complete loss of your investment. 

21 

Our future success is dependent on the management
teams of our businesses, the loss of any of whom could materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations.

The future success of our existing and future
businesses depends on the respective management teams of those businesses because we intend to operate our businesses on a stand-alone
basis, primarily relying on their existing management teams for day-to-day operations. Consequently, their operational success, as well
as the success of any organic growth strategy, will be dependent on the continuing efforts of the management teams of our businesses.
We will seek to provide these individuals with equity incentives and to have employment agreements with certain persons we have identified
as key to their businesses. However, these measures may not prevent these individuals from leaving their employment. The loss of services
of one or more of these individuals may materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

We may engage in a business transaction
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with our executive officers, our directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
which may create or present conflicts of interest. 

We may decide to engage in a business transaction
with one or more target businesses with which our executive officers, our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, have a relationship,
which may create or present conflicts of interest. Regardless of whether we obtain a fairness opinion from an independent investment banking
firm with respect to such a transaction, conflicts of interest may still exist with respect to a particular acquisition and, as a result,
the terms of the acquisition of a target business may not be as advantageous to our shareholders as it would have been absent any conflicts
of interest. 

The operational objectives and business
plans of our businesses may conflict with our operational and business objectives or with the plans and objective of another business
we own and operate. 

Our businesses operate in different industries
and face different risks and opportunities depending on market and economic conditions in their respective industries and regions. A business 
operational objectives and business plans may not be similar to our objectives and plans or the objectives and plans of another business
that we own and operate. This could create competing demands for resources, such as management attention and funding needed for operations
or acquisitions, in the future. 

If, in the future, we cease to control and
operate our businesses or other businesses that we acquire in the future or engage in certain other activities, we may be deemed to be
an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

We have the ability to make investments in businesses
that we will not operate or control. If we make significant investments in businesses that we do not operate or control, or that we cease
to operate or control, or if we commence certain investment-related activities, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the
Investment Company Act. Our decision to sell a business will be based upon financial, operating and other considerations rather than a
plan to complete a sale of a business within any specific time frame. If we were deemed to be an investment company, we would either have
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, obtain exemptive relief from the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC, or modify our investments or organizational structure or our contract rights to fall outside the definition of an investment
company. Registering as an investment company could, among other things, materially adversely affect our financial condition, business
and results of operations, materially limit our ability to borrow funds or engage in other transactions involving leverage and require
us to add directors who are independent of us and otherwise will subject us to additional regulation that will be costly and time-consuming. 

22 

We have identified material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not
be able to accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence
in our financial statements, which would harm the trading price of our common shares. 

Companies that file reports with the SEC, including
us, are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX 404. SOX 404 requires management to establish
and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting and annual reports on Form 10-K filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, to contain a report from management assessing the effectiveness of a company s internal
control over financial reporting. Separately, under SOX 404, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
of 2010, public companies that are large accelerated filers or accelerated filers must include in their annual reports on Form 10-K an
attestation report of their regular auditors attesting to and reporting on management s assessment of internal control over financial
reporting. Non-accelerated filers and smaller reporting companies, like us, are not required to include an attestation report of their
auditors in annual reports. 

A report of our management is included under Item
9A Controls and Procedures . We are a smaller reporting company and, consequently, are not required to include
an attestation report of our auditor in our annual report. However, if and when we become subject to the auditor attestation requirements
under SOX 404, we can provide no assurance that we will receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors. 

During its evaluation of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management identified material weaknesses. These material weaknesses
were associated with our lack of (i) controls in place to ensure that all disclosures required were originally addressed in our consolidated
financial statements, (ii) formal documentation over internal control procedures and environment, (iii) proper segregation of duties and
multiple level of reviews and (iv) expertise in accounting of derivative liabilities. We also have not developed and effectively
communicated our accounting policies and procedures to our employees. We are undertaking remedial measures, which measures will take time
to implement and test, to address these material weaknesses. There can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to remedy
the material weaknesses identified or that additional material weaknesses or other control or significant deficiencies will not be identified
in the future. If we continue to experience material weaknesses in our internal controls or fail to maintain or implement required new
or improved controls, such circumstances could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements
in our financial statements, or adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and, if required, annual auditor attestation
reports. Each of the foregoing results could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and lead to a decline
in our stock price. 

Risks Related to Our Healthcare Business 

Our ability to grow our business through
organic expansion either by developing new facilities or by modifying existing facilities is dependent upon many factors. 

Our ability to grow our business through organic
expansion is dependent on capacity and occupancy at our facilities. Should our facilities reach maximum occupancy, we may need to implement
other growth strategies either by developing new facilities or by modifying existing facilities. 

Our facilities typically need to be purpose-designed
in order to enable the type and quality of service that we provide. Consequently, we must either develop sites to create facilities or
purchase or lease existing facilities, which may require substantial modification. We must be able to identify suitable sites and there
is no guarantee that such sites will be available at all, or at an economically viable cost or in areas of sufficient demand for our services.
The subsequent successful development and construction of a new facility is contingent upon, among other things, negotiation of construction
contracts, regulatory permits and planning consents and satisfactory completion of construction. Similarly, our ability to expand existing
facilities is also dependent upon various factors, including identification of appropriate expansion projects, permitting, licensure,
financing, integration into our relationships with payors and referral sources, and margin pressure as new facilities are filled with
patients. 

23 

Delays caused by difficulties in respect of any
of the above factors may lead to cost overruns and longer periods before a return is generated on an investment, if at all. We may incur
significant capital expenditure but due to a regulatory, planning or other reason, may find that we are prevented from opening a new facility
or modifying an existing facility. Moreover, even when incurring such development capital expenditure, there is no guarantee that we can
fill beds when they become available. Upon operational commencement of a new facility, we typically expect that it will take approximately
12-18 months to reach our targeted occupancy level. Any delays or stoppages in our projects, the unsatisfactory completion or construction
of such projects or the failure of such projects to increase our occupancy levels could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Changes to payment rates or methods of third-party
payors, including government healthcare programs, changes to the laws and regulations that regulate payments for medical services, the
failure of payment rates to increase as our costs increase, or changes to our payor mix, could adversely affect our operating margins
and revenues. 

Our revenue is primarily provided by bodily injury
policies, general liability policies, and personal injury protection policies, which partially insulates our business from the declining
reimbursement programs paid from or correlated to Medicare/Medicaid and traditional health insurance companies. However, we do also depend
on private and governmental third-party sources of payment for the services provided to patients and assume financial risks related to
changes in third-party reimbursement rates and changes in payor mix. In some cases, our revenue decreases if our volume or reimbursement
decreases, but our expenses, including physician compensation, may not decrease proportionately. 

The amount we receive for our services may be
adversely affected by market and cost factors as well as other factors over which we have no control, including changes to the Medicare
and Medicaid payment systems. Health reform efforts at the federal and state levels may increase the likelihood of significant changes
affecting government healthcare programs and private insurance coverage. Government healthcare programs are subject to, among other things,
statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations concerning patient eligibility requirements,
funding levels and the method of calculating payments or reimbursements, all of which could materially increase or decrease payments we
receive from these government programs. Further, Medicare reimbursement rates are increasingly used by private payors as benchmarks to
establish commercial reimbursement rates and any adjustment in Medicare reimbursement rates may impact our reimbursement rates from such
private payors as well. 

There are significant private and public sector
pressures to restrain healthcare costs and to restrict reimbursement rates for medical services, and we believe that such pressures will
continue. Many states are continuing to collect less revenue than they did in prior years, and as a result may face ongoing budget shortfalls
and underfunded pension and other liabilities. Deteriorating financial conditions in the states in which we operate could lead to reduced
or delayed funding for Medicaid programs, which may reduce or delay the reimbursement we receive for services provided. Major payors of
healthcare, including federal and state governments and private insurers, have taken steps in recent years to monitor and control costs,
eligibility for and use and delivery of healthcare services, and to revise payment methodologies. As part of their efforts to contain
healthcare costs, purchasers increasingly are demanding discounted or global fee structures or the assumption by healthcare providers
of all or a portion of the financial risk through shared risk, capitation and care management arrangements, often in exchange for exclusive
or preferred participation in their benefit plans. Further, the ability of commercial payors to control healthcare costs may be enhanced
by the increasing consolidation of insurance and managed care companies, which may reduce our ability to negotiate favorable contracts
with such payors. 

We expect efforts to impose greater discounts
and more stringent cost controls by government and other payors to continue, thereby reducing the payments we receive for our services.
The effect of cost containment trends will depend, in part, on our payor mix. We cannot assure you that we will be able to offset reduced
operating margins through cost reductions, increased volume, the introduction of additional procedures or otherwise. In addition, we cannot
assure you that future changes to reimbursement rates by government healthcare programs, cost containment measures by private third-party
payors, including fixed fee schedules and capitated payment arrangements, or other factors affecting payments for healthcare services
will not adversely affect our future revenues, operating margins, or profitability. 

24 

An increase in uninsured or underinsured
patients or the deterioration in the collectability of the accounts of such patients could harm our results of operations. 

Collection of receivables from third-party payors
and patients is critical to our operating performance. Our primary collection risks relate to uninsured patients and the portion of the
bill that is the patient s responsibility, which primarily includes co-payments and deductibles. We determine the transaction price
based on established billing rates reduced by contractual adjustments provided to third-party payors, discounts provided to uninsured
patients and implicit price concessions. Contractual adjustments and discounts are based on contractual agreements, discount policies
and historical experience. Implicit price concessions are based on historical collection experience. Significant changes in business office
operations, payor mix, economic conditions or trends in federal and state governmental health coverage could affect our collection of
accounts receivable, cash flow and results of operations. If we experience unexpected increases in the growth of uninsured and underinsured
patients or in bad debt expenses, our results of operations will be harmed. 

Failure to timely or accurately bill for
services could have a negative impact on our net revenue, bad debt expense and cash flow. 

Billing for healthcare services is an important
but complex aspect of our business. In particular, the current practice of providing physician services in advance of payment or, in some
cases, irrespective of the patient s ability to pay for such services, may have significant negative impact on our net revenue,
bad debt expense and cash flow. We bill numerous and varied payors, such as bodily injury policies, general liability policies, and personal
injury protection policies, self-pay patients, managed care payors and Medicare and Medicaid. These different payors typically have different
billing requirements that must be satisfied prior to receiving payment for services rendered. Reimbursement is typically conditioned on
our documenting medical necessity, the appropriate level of service and correctly applying diagnosis codes. Incorrect or incomplete documentation
and billing information could result in non-payment for services rendered. 

Additional factors that could complicate our ability
to timely or accurately bill payors include: 

disputes between payors as to which party is responsible for payment; 

failure of information systems and processes to submit and collect claims in a timely manner; 

variation in coverage for similar services among various payors; 

our reliance on third-parties to provide billing services for certain of our service lines; 

the difficulty of adherence to specific compliance requirements, diagnosis coding and other procedures
mandated by various payors; and 

in connection with billing for physician services, failure to obtain proper physician credentialing and
documentation in order to bill various payors. 

To the extent that the complexity associated with
billing for healthcare services we provide causes delays in our cash collections, we may experience increased carrying costs associated
with the aging of our accounts receivable as well as increased potential for bad debt expense. 

Our facilities face competition for patients
from other healthcare providers. 

The healthcare industry is highly competitive,
and competition among healthcare providers for patients and physicians has intensified in recent years. In all of the geographical areas
in which we operate, there are other facilities that provide services comparable to those offered by our facilities. Some of our competitors
include facilities that are owned by tax-supported governmental agencies or by nonprofit corporations and may be supported by endowments
and charitable contributions and exempt from property, sales and income taxes. Such exemptions and support are not available to us. 

25 

Certain of our competitors may have greater financial
resources, be better equipped and offer a broader range of services than we offer. The number of facilities in the geographic areas in
which we operate has increased significantly. As a result, most of our facilities operate in an increasingly competitive environment. 

If our competitors are better able to attract
patients, recruit physicians and other healthcare professionals, expand services or obtain favorable managed care contracts at their facilities,
we may experience a decline in patient volume and our business may be harmed. 

Our performance depends on our ability to
recruit and retain quality physicians. 

The success and competitive advantage of our facilities
depends, in part, on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our facilities, the admitting practices of those
physicians and our maintenance of good relations with those physicians. Physicians generally are not employees of our facilities and may
have admitting privileges at other similar facilities to ours. They may terminate their affiliation with us at any time. If we are unable
to provide high ethical and professional standards, adequate support personnel and technologically advanced equipment and facilities that
meet the needs of those physicians, they may be discouraged from referring patients to our facilities and our results of operations may
decline. 

Our performance depends on our ability to
attract and retain qualified nurses and medical support staff and we face competition for staffing that may increase our labor costs and
harm our results of operations. 

We depend on the efforts, abilities, and experience
of our medical support personnel, including our nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians and other healthcare professionals. We compete
with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified hospital management, nurses and other medical personnel. 

The nationwide shortage of nurses and other clinical
staff and support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing us and other healthcare providers. In particular, like others
in the healthcare industry, we continue to experience a shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel at our facilities
in many geographic areas, which shortage has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. In some areas, the increased demand for care is
putting a strain on our resources and staff, which has required us to utilize higher-cost temporary labor and pay premiums above standard
compensation for essential workers. The length and extent of the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic are currently unknown; however,
we expect such disruptions to continue into 2023 and potentially throughout the duration of the pandemic and beyond. This staffing shortage
may require us to further enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel or require
us to hire expensive temporary personnel. To the extent we cannot maintain sufficient staffing levels at our facilities, we may be required
to limit our services at certain of our facilities which would have a corresponding adverse effect on our net revenues. 

We cannot predict the degree to which we will
be affected by the future availability or cost of attracting and retaining talented medical support staff. If our general labor and related
expenses increase, we may not be able to raise our rates correspondingly. Our failure to either recruit and retain qualified management,
nurses and other medical support personnel or control our labor costs could harm our results of operations. 

If we do not continually enhance our facilities
with the most recent technological advances in diagnostic and surgical equipment, our ability to maintain and expand our markets will
be adversely affected. 

The technology used in medical equipment and related
devices is constantly evolving and, as a result, manufacturers and distributors continue to offer new and upgraded products to healthcare
providers. To compete effectively, we must continually assess our equipment needs and upgrade when significant technological advances
occur. If our facilities do not stay current with technological advances in the healthcare industry, patients may seek treatment from
other providers and/or physicians may refer their patients to alternate sources, which could adversely affect our results of operations
and harm our business. 

26 

If we fail to comply with extensive laws
and government regulations, we could suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations that
could reduce our revenue and profitability. 

The healthcare industry is required to comply
with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things: hospital
billing practices and prices for services; relationships with physicians and other referral sources; adequacy of medical care and quality
of medical equipment and services; ownership of facilities; qualifications of medical and support personnel; confidentiality, maintenance,
privacy and security issues associated with health-related information and patient medical records; certification, licensure and accreditation
of our facilities; operating policies and procedures, and; construction or expansion of facilities and services. 

Among these laws are the federal False Claims
Act, HIPAA and the federal anti-kickback statute and the provision of the Social Security Act commonly known as the Stark Law. 
These laws, and particularly the anti-kickback statute and the Stark Law, impact the relationships that we may have with physicians and
other referral sources. We have a variety of financial relationships with physicians who refer patients to our facilities. The Office
of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, or OIG, has enacted safe harbor regulations that outline practices
that are deemed protected from prosecution under the anti-kickback statute. A number of our current arrangements, including financial
relationships with physicians and other referral sources, may not qualify for safe harbor protection under the anti-kickback statute.
Failure to meet a safe harbor does not mean that the arrangement necessarily violates the anti-kickback statute, but may subject the arrangement
to greater scrutiny. We cannot assure that practices that are outside of a safe harbor will not be found to violate the anti-kickback
statute. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, published a Medicare
self-referral disclosure protocol, which is intended to allow providers to self-disclose actual or potential violations of the Stark Law.
Because there are only a few judicial decisions interpreting the Stark Law, there can be no assurance that our facilities will not be
found in violation of the Stark Law or that self-disclosure of a potential violation would result in reduced penalties. 

Federal regulations issued under HIPAA contain
provisions that require us to implement and, in the future, may require us to implement additional costly electronic media security systems
and to adopt new business practices designed to protect the privacy and security of each of our patient s health and related financial
information. Such privacy and security regulations impose extensive administrative, physical and technical requirements on us, restrict
our use and disclosure of certain patient health and financial information, provide patients with rights with respect to their health
information and require us to enter into contracts extending many of the privacy and security regulatory requirements to third parties
that perform duties on our behalf. Additionally, recent changes to HIPAA regulations may result in greater compliance requirements, including
obligations to report breaches of unsecured patient data, as well as create new liabilities for the actions of parties acting as business
associates on our behalf. 

These laws and regulations are extremely complex,
and, in many cases, we do not have the benefit of regulatory or judicial interpretation. In the future, it is possible that different
interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety
or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and
operating expenses. A determination that we have violated one or more of these laws, or the public announcement that we are being investigated
for possible violations of one or more of these laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations and our business reputation could suffer significantly. In addition, we cannot predict whether other legislation or regulations
at the federal or state level will be adopted, what form such legislation or regulations may take or what their impact on us may be. 

If we are deemed to have failed to comply with
the anti-kickback statute, the Stark Law or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to liabilities, including criminal
penalties, civil penalties (including the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities), and exclusion of one or more facilities
from participation in the Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. The imposition of such penalties could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

27 

We are subject to occupational health, safety
and other similar regulations and failure to comply with such regulations could harm our business and results of operations. 

We are subject to a wide variety of federal, state
and local occupational health and safety laws and regulations. Regulatory requirements affecting us include, but are not limited to, those
covering: (i) air and water quality control; (ii) occupational health and safety (e.g., standards regarding blood-borne pathogens
and ergonomics, etc.); (iii) waste management; (iv) the handling of asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and radioactive substances;
and (v) other hazardous materials. If we fail to comply with those standards, we may be subject to sanctions and penalties that could
harm our business and results of operations. 

We may be required to spend substantial
amounts to comply with statutes and regulations relating to privacy and security of protected health information. 

There are currently numerous legislative and regulatory
initiatives in the U.S. addressing patient privacy and information security concerns. In particular, federal regulations issued under
HIPAA require our facilities to comply with standards to protect the privacy, security and integrity of protected health information,
or PHI. These requirements include the adoption of certain administrative, physical, and technical safeguards; development of adequate
policies and procedures, training programs and other initiatives to ensure the privacy of PHI is maintained; entry into appropriate agreements
with so-called business associates; and affording patients certain rights with respect to their PHI, including notification of any breaches.
Compliance with these regulations requires substantial expenditures, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition or
results of operations. In addition, our management has spent, and may spend in the future, substantial time and effort on compliance measures. 

Violations of the privacy and security regulations
could subject our operations to substantial civil monetary penalties and substantial other costs and penalties associated with a breach
of data security, including criminal penalties. We may also be subject to substantial reputational harm if we experience a substantial
security breach involving PHI. 

State efforts to regulate the construction
or expansion of health care facilities could impair our ability to expand. 

Many states, including Florida, have enacted certificates
of need, or CON, laws as a condition prior to capital expenditures, construction, expansion, modernization or initiation of major new
services. Failure to obtain necessary state approval can result in our inability to complete an acquisition, expansion or replacement,
the imposition of civil or, in some cases, criminal sanctions, the inability to receive Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement or the revocation
of a facility s license, which could harm our business. In addition, significant CON reforms have been proposed in a number of states
that would increase the capital spending thresholds and provide exemptions of various services from review requirements. In the past,
we have not experienced any material adverse effects from those requirements, but we cannot predict the impact of these changes upon our
operations. 

A cyber security incident could cause a
violation of HIPAA, breach of member privacy, or other negative impacts. 

We rely extensively on our information technology,
or IT, systems to manage clinical and financial data, communicate with our patients, payers, vendors and other third parties and summarize
and analyze operating results. In addition, we have made significant investments in technology to adopt and utilize electronic health
records and to become meaningful users of health information technology pursuant to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.
Our IT systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer
viruses, security breaches including credit card or personally identifiable information breaches, vandalism, theft, natural disasters,
catastrophic events, human error and potential cyber threats, including malicious codes, worms, phishing attacks, denial of service attacks,
ransomware and other sophisticated cyber-attacks, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. As cyber criminals
continue to become more sophisticated through evolution of their tactics, techniques and procedures, we have taken, and will continue
to take, additional preventive measures to strengthen the cyber defenses of our networks and data. However, if any of our systems
are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and
may experience loss or corruption of critical data such as protected health information or other data subject to privacy laws and proprietary
business information and interruptions or disruptions and delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could materially
and adversely affect our businesses and results of operations and could result in significant penalties or fines, litigation, loss of
customers, significant damage to our reputation and business, and other losses. In addition, our future results of operations, as well
as our reputation, could be adversely impacted by theft, destruction, loss, or misappropriation of public health information, other confidential
data or proprietary business information. 

28 

We may fail to deal with clinical waste
in accordance with applicable regulations or otherwise be in breach of relevant medical, health and safety or environmental laws and regulations. 

As part of our normal business activities, we
produce and store clinical waste which may produce effects harmful to the environment or human health. The storage and transportation
of such waste is strictly regulated. Our waste disposal services are outsourced and should the relevant service provider fail to comply
with relevant regulations, we could face sanctions or fines which could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business or financial
condition. Health and safety risks are inherent in the services that we provide and are constantly present in our facilities, primarily
in respect of food and water quality, as well as fire safety and the risk that service users may cause harm to themselves, other service
users or employees. From time to time, we have experienced, like other providers of similar services, undesirable health and safety incidents.
Some of our activities are particularly exposed to significant medical risks relating to the transmission of infections or the prescription
and administration of drugs for residents and patients. If any of the above medical or health and safety risks were to materialize, we
may be held liable, fined and any registration certificate could be suspended or withdrawn for failure to comply with applicable regulations,
which may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If any of our existing healthcare facilities
lose their accreditation or any of our new facilities fail to receive accreditation, such facilities could become ineligible to receive
reimbursement under Medicare or Medicaid. 

The construction and operation of healthcare facilities
are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation relating to, among other things, the adequacy of medical care, equipment,
personnel, operating policies and procedures, fire prevention, rate-setting and compliance with building codes and environmental protection.
Additionally, such facilities are subject to periodic inspection by government authorities to assure their continued compliance with these
various standards. 

All of our healthcare facilities are deemed certified,
meaning that they are accredited, properly licensed under the relevant state laws and regulations and certified under the Medicare program.
The effect of maintaining certified facilities is to allow such facilities to participate in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. We believe
that all of our healthcare facilities are in material compliance with applicable federal, state, local and other relevant regulations
and standards. However, should any of our healthcare facilities lose their deemed certified status and thereby lose certification under
the Medicare or Medicaid programs, such facilities would be unable to receive reimbursement from either of those programs and our business
could be materially adversely effected. 

We could be subject to lawsuits which could
harm the value of our business, including litigation for which we are not fully reserved. 

From time-to-time we are involved in lawsuits,
claims, audits and investigations, including those arising out of services provided, personal injury claims, professional liability claims,
billing and marketing practices, employment disputes and contractual claims. Physicians, hospitals and other participants in healthcare
delivery have become subject to an increasing number of lawsuits alleging medical malpractice and related legal theories such as negligent
hiring, supervision and credentialing. Some of these lawsuits may involve large claim amounts and substantial defense costs. 

We generally procure professional liability insurance
coverage for our medical professionals. A substantial portion of our professional liability loss risks are provided by third-party insurers.
Moreover, in the normal course of our business, we are involved in lawsuits, claims, audits and investigations, including those arising
out of our billing and marketing practices, employment disputes, contractual claims and other business disputes for which we may have
no insurance coverage, and which are not subject to actuarial estimates. The outcome of these matters could have a material effect on
our results of operations in the period when we identify the matter, and the ultimate outcome could have a material adverse effect on
our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

We may become subject to future lawsuits, claims,
audits and investigations that could result in substantial costs and divert our attention and resources and adversely affect our business
condition. In addition, since our current growth strategy includes acquisitions, among other things, we may become exposed to legal claims
for the activities of an acquired business prior to the acquisition. These lawsuits, claims, audits or investigations, regardless of their
merit or outcome, may also adversely affect our reputation and ability to expand our business. 

29 

Risks Related to Our Financial Services (Tax
Resolution) Business 

Changes in applicable tax laws have had,
and may in the future have, a negative impact on the demand for and pricing of our services. Government changes in tax filing processes
may adversely affect our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

The U.S. government has in the past made, and
may in the future make, changes to the individual income tax provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, tax regulations, and the rules and
procedures for implementing such laws and regulations. In addition, taxing authorities or other relevant governing bodies in various federal,
state and local jurisdictions in which we operate may change the income tax laws in their respective jurisdictions, and such laws may
vary greatly across the various jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict the manner in which future changes to the Internal Revenue Code,
tax regulations, and the rules and procedures for implementing such laws and regulations, and state, local, and foreign tax laws may impact
us and our industry. Such future changes could decrease the demand or the amount we charge for our services, and, in turn, have a material
adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In addition, there are various initiatives from
time to time seeking to simplify the tax return preparation filing process. Taxing authorities in various state and local in which we
operate have also introduced measures seeking to simplify or otherwise modify the preparation and filing of tax returns or the issuance
of refunds in their respective jurisdictions. For example, from time to time, U.S. federal and state governments have considered various
proposals through which the respective governmental taxing authorities would use taxpayer information provided by employers, financial
institutions, and other payers to pre-populate, prepare and calculate tax returns and distribute them to taxpayers. There
are various initiatives from time to time seeking to expedite, reduce, or change the timing of refunds, which could reduce the demand
for certain of our services. 

The adoption or expansion of any measures that
significantly simplify tax return preparation, or otherwise reduce the need for third-party tax return preparation services, including
governmental encroachment at the U.S. federal and state levels, could reduce demand for our tax preparation services and could have a
material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Increased competition for clients could
adversely affect our current market share and profitability. 

We face substantial competition. All categories
in the tax return resolution and preparation industry are highly competitive. In the tax preparation category in particular, there are
a substantial number of tax return preparation firms and accounting firms offering tax return preparation services. Commercial tax return
preparers are highly competitive with regard to price and service. Individual tax filers may elect to change their tax preparation method,
choosing from among various assisted and virtual offerings. Technology advances quickly and in new and unexpected ways, and it is difficult
to predict the manner in which these changes will impact the tax resolution and preparation industry, the problems we may encounter in
enhancing our services or the time and resources we may need to devote to the creation, support, and maintenance of technological enhancements.
If we are slow to enhance our services or technologies, if our competitors are able to achieve results more quickly than us, or if there
are new and unexpected entrants into the industry, we may fail to capture, or lose, a significant share of the market. 

Our businesses may be adversely affected
by difficult economic conditions. 

Unfavorable changes in economic conditions, which
are typically beyond our control, including without limitation, inflation, slowing growth, rising interest rates, recession, changes in
the political climate, war (including, but not limited to, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine), supply chain or labor market disruptions,
or other adverse changes, could negatively affect our business and financial condition. Difficult economic conditions are frequently characterized
by high unemployment levels and declining consumer and business spending. These poor economic conditions may negatively affect demand
and pricing for our services. 

30 

In addition, difficult economic conditions may
disproportionately impact small business owners. Our revenues were negatively impacted during the start of the COVID-19 pandemic and may
again be negatively impacted in the event of a sustained economic slowdown or recession. Difficult economic conditions, including an economic
recession or high inflationary period, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows. 

An interruption in our information systems,
or a third party on which we rely, or an interruption in the internet, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We and other third parties material to our business
operations rely heavily upon communications, networks, and information systems and the internet to conduct our business (including third-party
internet-based or cloud computing services). These networks, systems, and operations are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption
from upgrades and maintenance, network failure, hardware failure, software failure, power or telecommunications failures, cyberattacks,
human error, and natural disasters. Any failure or interruption in our information systems, or an interruption in the internet or other
critical business capability during our busiest periods, could negatively impact our business operations and reputation, and increase
our risk of loss. 

There can be no assurance that system or internet
failures or interruptions in critical business capabilities will not occur, or, if they do occur, that we will adequately address them.
The precautionary measures that we have implemented to avoid systems outages and to minimize the effects of any data or communication
systems interruptions or failures may not be adequate, and we may not have anticipated or addressed all of the potential events that could
threaten or undermine our information systems or other critical business capabilities. We do not have redundancy for all of our systems
and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. If these information systems are unavailable for any reason,
it could negatively impact our ability to deliver our services, which could significantly impact our operations, business, and financial
results. 

The occurrence of any systems or internet failure,
or business interruption could negatively impact our ability to serve our clients, which in turn could have a material adverse effect
on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Any changes in government regulations or
processes (including the acceptance of tax returns and the issuance of refunds and other amounts to clients by the IRS or state tax agencies)
that affect how we provide services to our clients, or significant problems with such services or the manner in which we provide them
to our clients may harm our revenue, results of operations, and reputation. 

Tax laws and tax forms are subject to change each
year, and the nature and timing of such changes are unpredictable. As a part of our business, we must incorporate any changes to tax laws
and tax forms into our tax return preparation offerings. The unpredictable nature, timing and effective dates of changes to tax laws and
tax forms can result in condensed development cycles for our tax return preparation services. From time to time, we review and enhance
our quality controls for preparing accurate tax returns, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent all inaccuracies.
Further, changes in governmental administrations or regulations could result in further and unanticipated changes in requirements or processes,
which may require us to make corresponding changes to our client service systems and procedures. Any major defects or delays caused by
the above-described complexities may lead to loss of clients and loss of or delay in revenue, negative publicity, client dissatisfaction,
a deterioration in our business relationships with our partners, exposure to litigation, and increased operating expenses, even if any
such launch delays or defects are not caused by us. Any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our business,
our reputation, and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We may be unable to attract and retain key
personnel. 

Our business depends on our ability to attract,
develop, motivate, and retain key personnel in a timely manner. The market for such personnel is extremely competitive, and there can
be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to attract and retain the required qualified personnel within necessary timeframes,
or at expected cost levels. As the global labor market continues to evolve as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and other changes, our
current and prospective key personnel may seek new or different opportunities based on pay levels, benefits, or remote work flexibility
that are different from what we offer, or may determine to leave the workforce, making it difficult to attract and retain them. If we
are unable to attract, develop, motivate, and retain key personnel, our business, operations, and financial results could be negatively
impacted. In addition, if our costs of labor or related costs increase or if new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations are adopted
or implemented that impact our workforce and increase our labor costs, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and our
consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

31 

Our business depends on our strong reputation
and the value of our brand. 

Developing and maintaining awareness of our brand
is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our existing and future services and is an important element in attracting new clients.
Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to events or activities involving or attributed to us, our employees, or agents
or our services, which may be enhanced due to the nature of social media, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand.
Damage to our reputation may reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our future financial results, as well as
require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand. 

Compliance with the complex and evolving
laws, regulations, standards, and contractual requirements regarding privacy and data protection could require changes in our business
practices and increase costs of operation; failure to comply could result in significant claims, fines, penalties, and damages. 

Due to the nature of our business, we collect,
use, and retain large amounts of personal information and data pertaining to clients, including tax return information, financial product
and service information, and social security numbers. In addition, we collect, use, and retain personal information and data of our employees
in the ordinary course of our business. 

We are subject to laws, rules, and regulations
relating to the collection, use, disclosure, and security of such consumer and employee personal information, which have drawn increased
attention from U.S. federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate. In the U.S., the IRS generally
requires a tax return preparer to obtain the written consent of the taxpayer prior to using or disclosing the taxpayer s tax return
information for certain purposes other than tax return preparation, which may limit our ability to market services to our clients. In
addition, other regulations require financial institutions to adopt and disclose their consumer privacy notice and generally provide consumers
with a reasonable opportunity to opt-out of having nonpublic personal information disclosed to unaffiliated third parties
for certain purposes. 

Numerous jurisdictions have passed, and may in
the future pass, new laws related to the use and retention of consumer or employee information and this area continues to be an area of
interest for U.S. federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities. For example, the State of California adopted the California Consumer
Privacy Act, or the CCPA, which became effective January 1, 2020, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, which became
January 1, 2023. Subject to certain exceptions, these laws impose new requirements on how businesses collect, process, manage, and retain
certain personal information of California residents and provide California residents with various rights regarding personal information
collected by a business. Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia have adopted comprehensive privacy laws, and other jurisdictions have
adopted or may in the future adopt their own, different privacy laws. These laws may contain different requirements or may be interpreted
and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our current privacy and data protection policies and practices may not be
consistent with all of those requirements, interpretations, or applications. In addition, changes in U.S. federal and state regulatory
requirements, as well as requirements imposed by governmental authorities in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, could result in
more stringent requirements and a need to change business practices, including the types of information we can use and the manner in which
we can use such information. Establishing systems and processes, or making changes to our existing policies, to achieve compliance with
these complex and evolving requirements may increase our costs or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities. There can
be no assurance that we will successfully comply in all cases, which could result in regulatory investigations, claims, legal actions,
harm to our reputation and brands, fines, penalties, and other damages. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses
to comply with existing privacy and data security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual
obligations. 

32 

A security breach of our systems, or third-party
systems on which we rely, resulting in unauthorized access to personal information of our clients or employees or other sensitive, nonpublic
information, may adversely affect the demand for our services, our reputation, and financial performance. 

We offer a range of services to our clients, including
back taxes, offer in compromise, audit representation, amending tax returns, tax preparation, tax resolution, wage garnishment relief,
removal of bank levies and liens, bookkeeping, and resolution of other financial challenges. Due to the nature of these services, we use
multiple digital technologies to collect, transmit, and store high volumes of client personal information. We also collect, use, and retain
other sensitive, nonpublic information, such as employee social security numbers, healthcare information, and payroll information, as
well as confidential, nonpublic business information. Certain third parties and vendors have access to personal information to help deliver
client services, or may host certain of our and our clients sensitive and personal information and data. Information security risks
continue to increase due in part to the increased adoption of and reliance upon digital technologies by companies and consumers. Our risk
and exposure to these matters remain heightened due to a variety of factors including, among other things, (i) the evolving nature of
these threats and related regulation, (ii) the increased activity and sophistication of hostile foreign governments, organized crime,
cyber criminals, and hackers that may initiate cyberattacks against us or third-party systems on which we rely, (iii) our use of third-party
vendors, and (iv) the usage of remote working arrangements by our associates and third-party vendors, which significantly expanded due
to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Cybersecurity risks may result from fraud or malice
(a cyberattack), human error, or accidental technological failure. Cyberattacks are designed to electronically circumvent network security
for malicious purposes such as unlawfully obtaining personal information, disrupting our ability to offer services, damaging our brand
and reputation, stealing our intellectual property, or advancing social or political agendas. We face a variety of cyberattack threats
including computer viruses, malicious codes, worms, phishing attacks, social engineering, denial of service attacks, ransomware, and other
sophisticated attacks. 

Although we use security and business controls
to limit access to and use of personal information and expend significant resources to maintain multiple levels of protection to address
or otherwise mitigate the risk of a security breach, such measures cannot provide absolute security. We regularly test our systems to
discover and address potential vulnerabilities, and we rely on training and testing of our employees regarding heightened phishing and
social engineering threats. We also conduct certain background checks on our employees, as allowed by law. Due to the structure of our
business model, we also rely on other private third parties to maintain secure systems and respond to cybersecurity risks. Where appropriate,
we impose certain requirements and controls on these third parties, but it is possible that they may not appropriately employ these controls
or that such controls (or their own separate requirements and controls) may be insufficient to protect personal information. 

Cybersecurity and the continued development and
enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack,
damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. As risks and regulations continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant
additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities.
Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no assurance that a security breach, intrusion, or loss or theft of personal information will
not occur. In addition, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently, become more sophisticated, and are often
difficult to detect until after a successful attack, causing us to be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive
measures in all cases. 

Unauthorized access to personal information as
a result of a security breach could cause us to determine that it is required or advisable for us to notify affected individuals, regulators,
or others under applicable privacy laws and regulations or otherwise. Security breach remediation could also require us to expend significant
resources to assist impacted individuals, repair damaged systems, implement modified information security measures, and maintain client
and business relationships. Other consequences could include reduced client demand for our services, reduced growth and profitability
and negative impacts to future financial results, loss of our ability to deliver one or more services, modifying or stopping existing
business practices, legal actions, harm to our reputation and brand, fines, penalties, and other damages, and further regulation and oversight
by U.S. federal, state, or foreign governmental authorities. 

A security breach or other unauthorized access
to our systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and
cash flows. 

33 

Laws and regulations or other regulatory
actions could have an adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our business and operations are subject to various
forms of government regulation, including U.S. federal requirements regarding the signature and inclusion of identification numbers on
tax returns and tax return retention requirements. U.S. federal laws also subject income tax return preparers to accuracy-related penalties,
and preparers may be prohibited from continuing to act as income tax return preparers if they repeatedly engage in specified misconduct.
We are also subject to, among other things, advertising standards for electronic tax return filers, and to possible monitoring by the
IRS, and if deemed appropriate, the IRS could impose various penalties, including suspension from the IRS electronic filing program. Many
states and local jurisdictions have laws regulating tax professionals, which are in addition to and may be different than federal requirements. 

Given the nature of our businesses, we are subject
to various additional federal, state and local laws and regulations, including, without limitation, in the areas of labor, immigration,
marketing and advertising, consumer protection, financial services, privacy and data security, anti-competition, environmental, health
and safety, insurance, and healthcare. There have been significant new or proposed regulations and/or heightened focus by the government
and others in some of these areas, including, for example, related to privacy and data security, consumer financial services, endorsements
and testimonials, telemarketing, restrictive covenants, and labor, including overtime and exemption regulations, state and local laws
on minimum wage, worker classification, and other labor-related issues. 

The above requirements and business implications
are subject to change and evolving application, including by means of new legislation, legislative changes, and/or executive orders, and
there may be additional regulatory actions or enforcement priorities, or new interpretations of existing requirements that differ from
ours. These developments could impose unanticipated limitations or require changes to our business, which may make elements of our business
more expensive, less efficient, or impossible to conduct, and may require us to modify our current or future services. 

Risks Related to Our Real Estate Business 

We are subject to demand fluctuations in
the real estate industry. Any reduction in demand could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Demand for properties similar to those owned by
us is subject to fluctuations that are often due to factors outside our control. We are not able to predict the course of the real estate
markets or whether the current favorable trends in those markets can, or will, continue. In the event of an economic downturn, our results
of operations may be adversely affected, and we may incur significant impairments and other write-offs and substantial losses from this
business. 

Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters,
and other unforeseen and/or unplanned conditions could disrupt our real estate developments. 

Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters,
such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, droughts, and fires, could have serious impacts on our ability to develop and market
our real estate assets. Properties may also be affected by unforeseen planning, engineering, environmental, or geological conditions or
problems, including conditions or problems which arise on third party properties adjacent to or in the vicinity of properties which own
and which may result in unfavorable impacts on our properties. Any adverse event or circumstance could cause a delay in, prevent the completion
of, or increase the cost of, one or more of our properties expected to be developed and brought to market by us, thereby resulting in
a negative impact on our operations and financial results. 

If the market value of our real estate investments
decreases, our results of operations will also likely decrease. 

The market value of our real estate assets will
depend on market conditions. If local and/or global economic conditions deteriorate, or if the demand for our properties decreases, we
may not be able to make a profit on such property. As a result of declining economic conditions, we may experience lower than anticipated
profits and/or may not be able to recover our costs of a project when a property is brought to market. 

34 

Changes in tax laws, taxes or fees may increase
the cost of development, and such changes could adversely impact our finances and operational results. 

Any increase or change in such laws, taxes, or
fees, including real estate property taxes, could increase the cost of development and thus have an adverse effect on our operations.
Such changes could also negatively impact potential and/or actual users and purchasers of our properties because potential buyers may
factor such changes into their decisions to utilize or purchase a property. 

The real estate industry is highly competitive
and if other property developers are more successful or offer better value to customers, our business could suffer. 

The real estate industry is highly competitive,
regardless of locale. Competitors range from small local companies to large international conglomerates with financial resources much
greater than those of our company. We have to compete for raw materials, construction components, financing, environmental resources,
utilities, infrastructure, labor, skilled management, governmental permits and licensing and other factors critical to the successful
development of our real estate assets. We compete against both new and existing developments and developers. Any increase in or change
to any competitive factor could result in our inability to begin development of our real estate assets in a timely manner and/or increase
costs for the design, development and completion. As a result, we may experience decreased profits due to these factors, impacting our
operations and our overall financial results. 

We may incur environmental liabilities with
respect to our real estate assets. 

Our properties are subject to a variety of local,
state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the protection of health and the environment. Environmental laws
may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs and may prohibit or severely restrict development.
Furthermore, under various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner of real property may be liable for the
costs or removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances on or in such property. Such laws often impose such liability
without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. The cost of any required
remediation and our liability therefor as to our properties are generally not limited under such laws and could exceed the value of the
property and/or the aggregate assets of our company. The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate contamination
from such substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell the real estate or to borrow using such property as collateral. 

Our co-venture partners or other partners
in co-ownership arrangements could take actions that decrease the value of our real estate assets. 

The development of our real estate assets could
involve joint ventures or other co-ownership arrangements with third parties. Such relationships may involve risks, including, for example: 

the possibility that a co-venturer or partner might become bankrupt; 

the possibility that development may require additional capital that we or our partner do not have; 

the possibility that a co-venturer or partner might breach a loan agreement or other agreement or otherwise,
by action or inaction, act in a way detrimental to us; 

that such co-venturer or partner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals that are
or that become inconsistent with the business interests or goals of our company; 

the possibility that we may incur liabilities as the result of the action taken by our partner; 

35 

that such co-venturer or partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests
or contrary to our policies or objectives; or 

that such co-partner may exercise buy/sell rights that force us to or dispose of our share, at a time
and price that may not be consistent with our objectives. 

Any of the above might subject our real estate
assets to liabilities in excess of those contemplated and thus reduce our returns on our investment. 

Uninsured losses relating to real property
or excessively expensive premiums for insurance coverage may adversely affect the value of your stock. 

The nature of our activities could expose us to
potential liability for personal injuries and, in certain instances, property damage claims. For instance, there are types of losses,
generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, pollution, environmental matters, or extreme
weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods, and snow storms that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject
to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. We may not carry all the usual and customary insurance policies which would
be carried by a similarly-positioned company, and we may not be carrying those insurance policies in amounts and types sufficient
to cover every risk which may be encountered by our company. Insurance risks associated with potential terrorist acts could sharply increase
the premiums we will pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. We cannot assure you that we will have adequate coverage for
all losses. If any of our properties incur a casualty loss that is not fully covered by insurance, the value of our assets will be reduced
by the amount of any such uninsured loss. In addition, other than the capital reserve or other reserves we may establish, we do not expect
to have any contingent sources of funding in place to repair or reconstruct any uninsured damaged property, and we cannot assure you that
any such sources of funding will be available to us for such purposes in the future. Also, to the extent we must pay unexpectedly large
amounts for insurance, we could suffer reduced earnings that would result in a decreased value attributed to our publicly traded stock. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our common stock is eligible for quotation
on the Pink Market, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. 

Our common stock is eligible for quotation on
the Pink Market operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. The Pink Market is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last
sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter securities. The Pink Market is not an issuer listing service, market or exchange.
The requirements for quotation on the Pink Market are considerably lower and less regulated than those of an exchange. Because of this,
it is possible that fewer brokers or dealers will be interested in making a market in our common stock because the market for such securities
is more limited, the stocks are more volatile, and the risk to investors is greater, which may impact the liquidity of our common stock.
Even if an active market begins to develop in our common stock, the quotation of our common stock on the Pink Market may result in a less
liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock
and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. If an active market is never developed for our
common stock, it will be difficult or impossible for you to sell any common stock you purchase. 

Our common stock may be subject to significant
price volatility which may have an adverse effect on your ability to liquidate your investment in our common stock. 

The market for our common stock may be characterized
by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our stock price will be more volatile than a seasoned
issuer for the indefinite future. The potential volatility in our stock price is attributable to a number of factors. First, our common
stock may be sporadically and/or thinly traded. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities
of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our common
stock could, for example, decline precipitously if a large number of our shares of common stock are sold on the market without commensurate
demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer that could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its stock price. Secondly, an
investment in us is a speculative or risky investment due to our lack of meaningful profits to date and uncertainty of future
profits. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment
in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts
than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. 

36 

Our officers and directors own a significant
percentage of our outstanding voting securities which could reduce the ability of minority stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. 

Our executive officers and directors are collectively
able to exercise approximately 84.53 of our total voting power. As a result, they possess significant influence and can elect a majority
of our board of directors and authorize or prevent proposed significant corporate transactions without the votes of any other stockholders.
They are expected to have significant influence over a decision to enter into any corporate transaction and have the ability to prevent
any transaction that requires the approval of stockholders, regardless of whether or not our other stockholders believe that such transaction
is in our best interests. Such concentration of voting power could have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a change of control
or other business combination, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or prevent our stockholder
from realizing a premium over the then-prevailing market price for their common stock. 

We have no current plans to pay cash dividends
on our common stock for the foreseeable future, and you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common stock for
a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

We may retain future earnings, if any, for future
operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision
to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things,
our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors that our board of directors
may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness
we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common
stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it and any potential investor who anticipates the need for current dividends should
not purchase our securities. 

Future issuances of our common stock or
securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to
decline and would result in the dilution of your holdings. 

Future issuances of our common stock or securities
convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, our common stock, or the expiration of lock-up agreements that restrict the issuance
of new common stock or the trading of outstanding common stock, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We cannot
predict the effect, if any, of future issuances of our securities, or the future expirations of lock-up agreements, on the price of our
common stock. In all events, future issuances of our common stock would result in the dilution of your holdings. In addition, the perception
that new issuances of our securities could occur could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Rule 144 sales in the future may have a
depressive effect on our stock price. 

All of the outstanding common stock held by the
present officers, directors, and affiliate stockholders are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the
Securities Act. As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements
of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities
laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who is an affiliate or officer or director who has held restricted securities for six
months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the
greater of 1.0 of a company s outstanding common shares. There is no limitation on the amount of restricted securities that may
be sold by a non-affiliate after the owner has held the restricted securities for a period of six months if our company is a current,
reporting company under the Exchange Act. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act, if available, or
pursuant to subsequent registration of common stock of present stockholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our common
stock in any market that may develop. 

37 

Future issuances of debt securities, which
would rank senior to our common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future issuances of preferred stock, which could rank senior
to our common stock for the purposes of dividends and liquidating distributions, may adversely affect the level of return you may be able
to achieve from an investment in our common stock. 

In the future, we may attempt to increase our
capital resources by offering debt securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of our debt securities, and lenders with respect
to other borrowings we may make, would receive distributions of our available assets prior to any distributions being made to holders
of our common stock. Moreover, if we issue preferred stock, the holders of such preferred stock could be entitled to preferences over
holders of common stock in respect of the payment of dividends and the payment of liquidating distributions. Because our decision to issue
debt or preferred stock in any future offering, or borrow money from lenders, will depend in part on market conditions and other factors
beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of any such future offerings or borrowings. Holders of
our common stock must bear the risk that any future offerings we conduct or borrowings we make may adversely affect the level of return,
if any, they may be able to achieve from an investment in our common stock. 

If our common stocks become subject to the
penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our common stock. 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00,
other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems,
provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system.
If we do not obtain a listing on a national securities exchange and if the price of our common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock
could be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt
from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules
require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment
of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and
dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the
secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

If securities industry analysts do not publish
research reports on us, or publish unfavorable reports on us, then the market price and market trading volume of our common stock could
be negatively affected. 

Any trading market for our common stock may be
influenced in part by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish about us. We do not currently have and may never
obtain research coverage by securities industry analysts. If no securities industry analysts commence coverage of us, the market price
and market trading volume of our common stock could be negatively affected. In the event we are covered by analysts, and one or more of
such analysts downgrade our securities, or otherwise reports on us unfavorably, or discontinues coverage of us, the market price and market
trading volume of our common stock could be negatively affected. 

We are subject to ongoing public reporting
requirements that are less rigorous than for larger, more established companies, which could make our securities less attractive to investors
and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are a smaller reporting company 
within the meaning of the Exchange Act. Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer
that is not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting
company and that had (i) a public float of less than 250 million or (ii) annual revenues of less than 100 million and either had no
public float or a public float of less than 700 million. 

38 

As a smaller reporting company, we will not be
required and may not include a compensation discussion and analysis section in our proxy statements and we will provide only two years
of financial statements. We also will have other scaled disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers
that are not smaller reporting companies. 

Because we will be subject to ongoing public reporting
requirements that are less rigorous than Exchange Act rules for companies that are not smaller reporting companies, our stockholders could
receive less information than they might expect to receive from more mature public companies. We cannot predict if investors will find
our common stock less attractive if we elect to rely on these exemptions, or if taking advantage of these exemptions would result in less
active trading or more volatility in the price of our common stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and under Nevada law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, and limit attempts by our stockholders to replace
or remove our current management. 

Provisions in our articles of incorporation and
bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or changes in our management. As described above,
our executive officers and directors are collectively able to exercise a significant portion of our voting power. Furthermore, neither
the holders of our common stock nor the holders of our preferred stock have cumulative voting rights in the election of our directors.
The combination of the present ownership by our management of a significant portion of our issued and outstanding voting power and lack
of cumulative voting makes it more difficult for other stockholders to replace our board of directors or for a third party to obtain control
of our company by replacing its board of directors. 

In addition, our authorized but unissued shares
of common stock are available for our board of directors to issue without stockholder approval, subject to Nasdaq s rules. We may
use these additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including raising additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee
stock plans. The existence of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock could render it more difficult or discourage an attempt
to obtain control of our company by means of a proxy context, tender offer, merger or other transaction since our board of directors can
issue large amounts of capital stock as part of a defense to a take-over challenge. In addition, we have authorized in our articles of
incorporation 1,000,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our board acting alone and without approval of our stockholders, subject to Nasdaq s
rules, can designate and issue one or more series of preferred stock containing super-voting provisions, enhanced economic rights, rights
to elect directors, or other dilutive features, that could be utilized as part of a defense to a take-over challenge. 

In addition, various provisions of our bylaws
may also have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt of our company
that a stockholder might consider in his or her best interest, including attempts that might result in a premium over the market price
for the shares held by our stockholders. Our bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed only by our board of directors. Our bylaws also
contain limitations as to who may call special meetings as well as require advance notice of stockholder matters to be brought at a meeting.
Additionally, our bylaws also provide that no director may be removed by less than a two-thirds vote of the issued and outstanding shares
entitled to vote on the removal. Our bylaws also permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies
and newly created directorships. These provisions will prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining
control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. 

Our bylaws also establish an advance notice procedure
for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election
to the board of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting will only be able to consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice
of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors or by a stockholder who was a stockholder of
record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given us timely written notice, in proper
form, of the stockholder s intention to bring that business before the meeting. Although our bylaws do not give the board of directors
the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special
or annual meeting, our bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures
are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors
or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

39 

These provisions may frustrate or prevent any
attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members
of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

Our principal office is located at 3200 Bel Air
Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89109. We have an additional office at 401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1400, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 and
we have entered into an office service agreement with Regus Management Group, LLC for use of office space at this location. Under the
agreement, in exchange for our right to use the office space at this location, we are required to pay a monthly fee of 309 (excluding
taxes). 

Platinum Tax shares office space with our principal
executive offices located at 3753 Howard Hughes Pkwy, Suite 200-876, Las Vegas, NV 89169. Nova
Ortho operates a group of regional primary specialty and ancillary care facilities throughout Florida. The main office is located at 1903
S 25 th Street, Suite 103 Fort Perc, FL 34947. Total nine regional facilities are leased properties. 

We believe that all our properties have been adequately
maintained, are generally in good condition, and are suitable and adequate for our businesses. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except as set forth below, we
are not currently aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or operating results. 

On August 24, 2021, charges were filed by Absolute
Medical Group, LLC against our company for breach of contract in the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit in and for Broward
County, Florida seeking damages. We filed a counterclaim alleging violations of the management agreement between the parties and rightful
termination for cause including damages. This case is pending. 

On October 8, 2021, we filed a complaint in Idaho
against Mark Adams, seeking an award of damages against him and asserting the following claims: (1) constructive trust; (2) breach of
contract; (3) breach of fiduciary duties; and (4) conversion. We also seek costs and attorney s fees. On August 31, 2021, without
our knowledge or consent and in a manner to conceal his unlawful actions, a property manager used a new company check from Summit National
Bank to withdraw 50,000 from the company account. The defendant is being charged with intentional, oppressive, fraudulent, malicious,
and outrageous damages. On November 11, 2021, the defendant filed a counterclaim alleging that no valid contract existed between the parties
and asked to dissolve the company, grant his counterclaim, dismiss our complaint, and award of attorney fees. This case is pending. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

40 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our common stock eligible for quotation on the
Pink Market OTC Markets Group Inc. under the symbol CDIX. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the
high and low closing prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without retain mark-up or commission, and may
not represent actual transactions. 

Closing Prices 

High 
 Low 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

1 st Quarter 
 0.0660 
 0.0102 
 
 2 nd Quarter 
 0.0240 
 0.0104 
 
 3 rd Quarter 
 0.0165 
 0.0045 
 
 4 th Quarter 
 0.0071 
 0.0001 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

1 st Quarter 
 0.0050 
 0.0001 
 
 2 nd Quarter 
 0.0002 
 0.0002 
 
 3 rd Quarter 
 0.0050 
 0.0002 
 
 4 th Quarter 
 0.0029 
 0.0003 

Number of Holders of Our Common Shares 

As of March 31, 2023, there were approximately
853 stockholders of record of our common stock. In computing the number of holders of record of our common stock, each broker-dealer and
clearing corporation holding shares on behalf of its customers is counted as a single stockholder. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have in effect
any compensation plans under which our equity securities were authorized for issuance, and we did not have any outstanding share options. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends
on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business
and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the near future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made
at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash
requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay
dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. 

41 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except as set forth below, we have not sold any
equity securities during the 2022 fiscal year that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report
on Form 8-K that was filed during the 2022 fiscal year. 

On October 31, 2022, we issued 67,500 shares of
series B preferred stock to the owners of AHI in connection with the buyback agreement described elsewhere in this report. 

On October 10, 2022, we issued 18,750 shares of
series B preferred stock to Rollan Roberts II, our Chief Operating Officer, in exchange for services provided. 

On November 11, 2022, we issued 15,000 shares
of series B preferred stock to Eric Raper, an investor, in exchange for 15,000. 

On December 15, 2022, we issued 10,000 shares
of series B preferred stock to Gregg E Russell, and investor in exchange for 10,000. 

No underwriters were involved in these issuances.
We believe that each of the above issuances was exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act regarding transactions not involving a public offering. 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

No repurchases of our common stock were made during
the fourth quarter of 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our operating results, financial condition, liquidity and
cash flows as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. The discussion contains forward-looking statements that are
based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Actual results
could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those
discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in the sections titled Risk Factors and Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Overview 

We are an acquisition holding company focused
on locating undervalued and undercapitalized companies, primarily in the healthcare industry, and providing them capitalization and leadership
to maximize the value and potential of their private enterprises while also providing diversification and risk mitigation for our stockholders.
Specifically, we have and will continue to look at a diverse variety of acquisitions in the healthcare sector in terms of growth stages
and capital structures and we intend to focus our portfolio of subsidiaries approximately as follows: 80 will be targeted to established
profitable niche small to mid-sized healthcare companies and 20 will be targeted to second stage startups in healthcare and related financial
services (emerging businesses with a strong organic growth plan that is materially cash generative). 

42 

All of our operations are conducted through, and
our income derived from, our various subsidiaries. We operate the following businesses through our wholly owned subsidiaries. 

Healthcare Business . Nova, which we acquired May 31, 2021, operates a group of regional
primary specialty and ancillary care facilities throughout Florida that provide traumatic injury victims with primary care evaluations,
interventional pain management, and specialty consultation services. We focus on plaintiff related care are and a highly efficient provider
of EMC assessments. We provide a full range of diagnostic and surgical services for injuries and disorders of the skeletal system and
associated bones, joints, tendons, muscles, ligaments, and nerves. From sports injuries, to sprains, strains, and fractures, our doctors
are dedicated to helping patients return to active lifestyles. 

Financial Services (Tax Resolution) Business . Platinum Tax, which we acquired on July 31,
2018, is a full-service tax resolution firm located in Los Angeles, California. Since 2011, we have been assisting all types of taxpayers
resolve any and all issues with the IRS and applicable state tax agencies. We provide fee-based tax resolution services to individuals
and companies that have federal and state tax liabilities by assisting clients to settle outstanding tax debts. 

Real Estate Business . Edge View, which we acquired on July 16, 2014, is a real estate company
that owns five (5) acres zoned medium density residential (MDR) with 12 lots already platted; six (6) acres zoned high-density residential
(HDR) that can be platted in various configurations to meet current housing needs; and twelve (12) acres zoned in Lemhi County as
Agriculture that is available for further annexation into the City of Salmon for development, as well as a common area for landowners
to view wildlife, provide access to the Salmon River and fishing in a two (2) acre pond. Salmon is known as Idaho s premier
whitewater destination as well as one of the easier accesses to the Frank Church Wilderness Area - the largest wilderness in the
lower 48 states. Salmon s airport has service to Boise, Idaho and serves as a hub to access whitewater rafting start points
and wilderness landing strips. Management has invested years working to develop a new and exciting housing development in Salmon, Idaho
and plans to enter into a joint venture agreement with a developer for this planned concept development. 

Impact of Coronavirus Pandemic 

In December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease,
or COVID-19, was initially reported and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. COVID-19
has had a widespread and detrimental effect on the global economy as a result of the number of cases and affected countries and actions
by public health and governmental authorities, businesses, other organizations, and individuals to address the outbreak, including travel
bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place, stay at home or total lock-down orders and business limitations and shutdowns. The
COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, and we have experienced and
expect to continue to experience unpredictable reductions in demand for certain of our services. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, client enrollment
at Platinum Tax has been at a slower pace than initially expected. In addition, during 2022, Platinum Tax experienced reduced enrollment
due to governmental policy. As a result, the performance of Platinum Tax was effected and the pandemic had a material adverse impact on
its market share growth plans and timelines. Additionally, in accordance with recommendations from public health officials to mitigate
the spread of COVID-19, we have during periods of 2020 temporarily closed certain operations for several months. All operations are now
open and functioning. Our results will be adversely impacted by any new closures and other actions taken to contain or treat the impact
of COVID-19, and the extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

Furthermore, the global deterioration in economic
conditions, which may have an adverse impact on discretionary consumer spending or investing, could also impact our business and demand
for our services. For instance, consumer spending and investing may be negatively impacted by general macroeconomic conditions, including
a rise in unemployment, and decreased consumer confidence resulting from the pandemic. 

43 

Our efforts to help mitigate the negative impact
of the outbreak on our business may not be effective, and we may be affected by a protracted economic downturn. Furthermore, while many
governmental authorities around the world have and continue to enact legislation to address the impact of COVID-19, including measures
intended to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the virus, we may not benefit from such legislation, or such
legislation may prove to be ineffective in addressing COVID-19 s impact on our and our customer s businesses and operations.
Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience impacts to our business as a result of COVID-19 s global
economic impact and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. Further, as the COVID-19 situation is unprecedented and
continuously evolving, COVID-19 may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or in
a manner that we currently do not consider that may present significant risks to our operations. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may
impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted as of the date of this prospectus.
Nevertheless, the pandemic and the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in the global
supply chain and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. See also Risk Factors for more information. 

Segments 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had four reportable operating segments as determined by management using the management approach as defined by the authoritative
guidance on Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information : 

(1) Affordable Housing (AHI), which was sold on October 31, 2022 

(2) Financial Services (Platinum Tax) 

(3) Healthcare (Nova) 

(4) Real Estate (Edge View) 

These segments are a result of differences in
the nature of the products and services sold. Corporate administration costs, which include, but are not limited to, general accounting,
human resources, legal and credit and collections, are partially allocated to the three operating segments. Other revenue consists of
nonrecurring items. 

The affordable housing segment leases and sells
mobile homes as an option for a homeowner wishing to avoid large down payments, expensive maintenance costs, large monthly mortgage payments
and high property taxes and insurance which is a common trait of brick-and-mortar homes. Additionally, if bad credit is an issue preventing
potential home owners from purchasing a traditional house, we will provide a lease to own option so people secure their
family home. 

The financial services segment provides tax resolution
services to individuals and companies that have federal and state tax liabilities. It collects fees based on efforts to negotiate and
assist in the settlement of outstanding tax debts. 

The healthcare segment provides a full range of
diagnostic and surgical services for injuries and disorders of the skeletal system and associated bones, joints, tendons, muscles, ligaments,
and nerves. 

44 

The real estate segment consists of Edge View,
which owns 30 acres of land, including 23.5 acres zoned MDR (medium density residential) with 12 lots already platted and sold and 48
lots zoned HDR (high density residential), 4 acres of dedicated river front property zoned for recreation on the Salmon River, Idaho s
premier whitewater river, and 2.5 acres zoned for commercial use. All land is in the city limits of Salmon and adjacent to the Frank church
Wilderness Park (the largest wilderness park in the lower 48 states). 

Management uses numerous tools and methods to
evaluate and measure of its subsidiaries success. To help succeed, management retains the prior owners of the subsidiaries and allow them
to do what they do best is run the business. Additionally, management monitors key metrics primarily revenues and net income from operations. 

Discontinued Operations 

Red Rock 

On May 1, 2018, we entered into a stock for stock
purchase agreement with the sellers of Red Rock Travel, LLC, or Red Rock, and a related management agreement to manage Red Rock. The terms
and conditions of those agreements were subsequently violated causing the transaction to be reversed and dissolved on May 31, 2019. Red
Rock reverted to its previous ownership, we canceled the shares of series K preferred stock related to the aborted acquisition and
we filed notice with the State of Florida of the dissolution. 

On April 26, 2021, we filed a lawsuit against
investors in Red Rock seeking a judgement declaring that convertible secured notes issued to them by Red Rock purportedly convertible
into our common stock to be null and void, and defendants subsequently filed a counterclaim. On July 29, 2022, the parties entered into
a mediated settlement agreement whereby defendants agreed to dismiss all claims against our company related to the notes and accrued interest
in the amount of 510,418 and further agreed to cancel and return common stock and warrants issued to claimants in a related 2020 settlement.
We agreed to issue defendants 592,000,000 shares of common stock. As a result of the settlement agreement, the convertible notes and accrued
interest were written-off in the third quarter of 2022 resulting in a gain of 510,417, which is recorded in discontinued operations.
As of December 31, 2022, in a separate settlement an additional 66,666,666 shares were added to the settlement for a total of 658,666,666
shares issued and recorded in common stock for 658,666, additional paid in capital for (409,775). The settlement also required the previous owners to relinquish 35,000,000 shares of common stock. 

Prior to the settlement, we continued to
carry Red Rock liabilities on our balance sheet including accounts payables and accrued expenses of 1,872,086, convertible notes
payable of 240,000, accrued interest of 214,318 and a derivative liability of 378,877 as of September 30, 2021. The
party responsible for the convertible notes and related accrued interest is in dispute and is currently in litigation. The
derivative liability is a function of the convertible notes and accrued interest and the accounts payable and accrued expenses of
 1,872,086 is deemed to be the responsibility of the current owners of Red Rock and was written-off by us in the third quarter of
2021 resulting in a gain of 328,718, which is recorded in discontinued operations. 

45 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

The following table sets forth key components
of our results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, both in dollars and as a percentage of our revenue. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Amount 
 of Revenue 
 Amount 
 of Revenue 
 
 Revenue 

Financial services 
 1,305,077 
 10.88 
 4,313,167 
 43.66 
 
 Healthcare 
 10,693,196 
 89.12 
 5,413,890 
 54.80 
 
 Real estate 

152,000 
 1.54 
 
 Total revenue 
 11,998,273 
 100.00 
 9,879,057 
 100.00 
 
 Cost of sales 

Financial services 
 397,347 
 3.31 
 1,942,411 
 19.66 
 
 Healthcare 
 4,060,034 
 33.84 
 1,746,561 
 17.68 
 
 Real estate 

79,481 
 0.80 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 4,457,381 
 37.15 
 3,768,453 
 38.15 
 
 Gross profit 
 7,540,892 
 62.85 
 6,110,604 
 61.85 
 
 Operating expenses 

Depreciation expense 
 23,132 
 0.19 
 13,886 
 0.14 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 2,092,048 
 17.44 

Selling, general and administrative 
 3,733,728 
 31.12 
 4,434,594 
 44.89 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 5,848,908 
 48.75 
 4,448,480 
 45.03 
 
 Income from operations 
 1,691,984 
 14.10 
 1,662,124 
 16.82 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Other income 
 150,256 
 1.25 
 32,629 
 0.33 
 
 Gain on divestiture 

788,500 
 7.98 
 
 Gain on debt refinance and forgiveness 
 1,397,271 
 11.65 

Gain on change of estimate 

184,243 
 1.86 
 
 Penalties and fees 
 (2,063,916 
 (17.20 

Interest expense 
 (6,392,242 
 (53.28 
 (1,906,844 
 (19.30 
 
 Conversion cost penalty and reimbursement 

(13,000 
 (0.13 
 
 Amortization of debt discounts 
 (253,823 
 (2.12 
 (1,051,264 
 (10.64 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (7,162,454 
 (59.70 
 (1,965,736 
 (19.90 
 
 Net loss before discontinued operations 
 (5,470,470 
 (45.59 
 (303,612 
 (3.07 
 
 Gain from discontinued operations 
 40,949 
 0.34 
 2,171,076 
 21.98 
 
 Loss from disposal of discontinued operations 

(1,201,171 
 (12.16 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (5,429,521 
 (45.25 
 666,905 
 (6.74 

46 

Revenue . Our total revenue increased
by 2,119.216, or 21.45 , to 11,998,273 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 9,879,057 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such
increase was primarily due to the increase in revenue from the healthcare segment due to the acquisition of Nova in May 2021 and a slight
increase in revenue from the affordable housing segment, offset by decreases in revenue from the financial services segment and real estate
segment. 

The financial services segment generates revenue
through the provision of tax resolution services to individuals and business owners. Revenue from the financial services segment decreased
by 3,008,090, or 69.74 , to 1,305,077 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 4,313,167 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such
decrease was primarily due to the loss of leads from Optima Tax Relief which affected the significant revenue reduction in the tax resolution
business. 

The healthcare segment generates revenue through
a full range of diagnostic and surgical services. Revenue from the healthcare services segment increased by 5,279,306, or 97.51 , to
 10,693,196 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5,413,890 for the period of May 31, 2021 (date of acquisition) to December 31,
2021. 

The real estate segment generates revenue through
the sale of parcels of land. Revenue from the real estate segment decreased by 152,000, or 100 , to 0 for the year ended December 31,
2022 from 152,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such decrease was primarily due to the sale of three parcels of land in 2021. 

 Cost of sales . Our total cost of sales
increased by 688,928, or 18.28 , to 4,457,381 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3,768,453 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Such increase was primarily due an increase from the healthcare segment due to the acquisition of Nova in May 2021, offset by decreases
from the other segments. As a percentage of revenue, our total cost of sales was 37.15 and 38.15 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Cost of sales for the financial services segment consists
of advertising, contract labor and merchant fees. Cost of sales for the financial services segment decreased by 1,545,064, or 79.54 ,
to 397,347 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,942,411 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such decrease was generally in
line with the decrease in revenue from this segment. 

Cost of sales for the healthcare segment consists
of surgical center fees, physician and professional fees, salaries and wages and medical supplies. Cost of sales from the healthcare services
segment increased by 2,313,473, or 132.46 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,746,561 for the period from May 31, 2021 (date
of acquisition) to December 31, 2021. 

Cost of sales for the real estate segment was
 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 79,481 the year ended December 31, 2021, which consisted of costs related to
the sale of the three parcels of land by Edge View. 

 Gross profit . As a result of the foregoing,
our total gross profit increased by 1,430,288, or 23.41 , to 7,540,892 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6,110,604 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. Our total gross margin (percent of revenue) increased from 61.85 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to
62.85 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

47 

Gross profit for the financial services segment
decreased by 1,463,026, or 61.71 , to 907,730 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,370,756 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Gross margin (percent of revenue) for the financial services segment increased from 54.97 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 69.55 
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Gross profit for the healthcare services segment
was 6,633,162 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 3,667,329 for the period from May 31, 2021 (date of acquisition)
to December 31, 2021. Gross margin (percent of revenue) for the healthcare segment was 62.03 and 67.74 for the year ended December 31,
2022 and for the period from May 31, 2021 (date of acquisition) to December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Gross profit for the real estate segment was 72,519
for the year ended December 31, 2021 and gross margin (percent of revenue) was 47.71 . 

Depreciation expense . Our depreciation
expense was 23,132, or 0.19 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 13,886, or 0.14 of revenue, for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Goodwill impairment . We performed
the goodwill impairment test of the underlying assets, expected cash flows, decreased asset value and other factors. As a result, we
recognized a goodwill impairment in the amount of 2,092,048 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses . Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of accounting, auditing,
legal and public reporting expenses, personnel expenses, including employee salaries and bonuses plus related payroll taxes, advertising
expenses, professional advisor fees, bad debts, rent expense, insurance and other expenses incurred in connection with general operations.
Our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 700,866, or 15.80 , to 3,733,728 for the year ended December 31, 2022
from 4,434,594 for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of revenue, our selling, general and administrative expenses were
31.12 and 44.89 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such decrease was primarily due to the decline in our
financial services business. 

Total other income (expense) . We had
 7,162,454 in total other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to other expense, net, of 1,965,736 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. Other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of interest expense of 6,392,242, financing
penalties and fees of 2,063,916, and amortization of debt discounts of 253,823, offset by a gain on forgiveness of debt of 1,397,271
and other income of 150,256. Other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of interest expense of 1,906,844, amortization
of debt discounts of 1,051,264 and a conversion cost penalty and reimbursement of 13,000, offset by a gain on divestiture of 788,500
related to Key Tax, a gain on change of estimate of 170,964 related to a change in income tax provision and other income of 32,629,
which consisted primarily of a gain from conversion of debt to preferred stock. 

Discontinued operations . For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain from discontinued operations of 40,949 and a loss from disposal of discontinued
operations of 0. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain from discontinued operations of 2,171,076 and a loss from
disposal of discontinued operations of 1,201,171. 

Net income (loss) . As a result of the
cumulative effect of the factors described above, our net loss was 5,429,521 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net
income of 666,293 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an decrease of 6,095,814, or 914.9 . 

48 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 226,802 in cash . To date, we have financed our operations primarily through
revenue generated from operations, sales of securities, advances from stockholders
and third-party and related party debt . 

We believe, based on our operating plan, that current working capital and current
and expected additional financing should be sufficient to fund operations and satisfy our obligations as they come due for at least one
year from the financial statement issuance date. However, additional funds from new financing and/or
future equity raises are required for continued operations and to execute our business plan and our strategy of acquiring additional
businesses. The funds required to sustain operations ranges between 600,000 to 1 million and additional funds execute our business
plan will depend on the size, capital structure and purchase price consideration that the seller of a target business deems acceptable
in a given transaction. The amount of funds needed to execute our business plan also depends on what portion of the purchase price of
a target business the seller of that business is willing to take in the form of seller notes or our equity or equity in one of our subsidiaries.
Given these factors, we believe that the amount of outside additional capital necessary to execute our business plan on the low end (assuming
target company sellers accept a significant portion of the purchase price in the form of seller notes or our equity or equity in one
of our subsidiaries) ranges between 5 million to 7 million. If, and to the extent, that sellers are unwilling to accept a significant
portion of the purchase price in seller notes and equity, then the cash required to execute our business plan could be as much as 10
million. 

We intend to raise capital for additional acquisitions primarily through equity and debt financings.
The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in
increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations.
Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. There is no guarantee that we will be able to acquire
additional businesses under the terms outlined above. 

Summary of Cash Flow 

The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this prospectus. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,100,327 
 (850,141 
 
 Net cash from discontinued operations 
 (42,633 
 (201,208 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 (2,323,642 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 788,794 
 3,676,648 
 
 Net change in cash 
 (354,166 
 301,657 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 580,968 
 279,311 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 226,802 
 580,968 

Our net cash used in operating activities from continuing
operations was 1,100,327 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 850,141 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, our net loss of 5,429,521, a gain on refinance of debt of 1,397,271, offset by a loss on finance penalties
and fees of 2,063,916, impairment of goodwill of 2,092,048 and an increase in accrued officers compensation of 873,506, were
the primary drivers for the cash used in operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net income of 666,293 an decrease in accounts
receivable of 2,157,880 and a gain on forgiveness of debt of 739,450, offset by amortization of loan discount of 1,051,264 and an increase
in accrued officers compensation of 764,835, were the primary drivers for the cash used in operations. 

We had no investing activities for the year ended
December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net cash used in investing activities was 2,323,642, which consisted of
cash used for the acquisition of Nova of 2,320,235 and purchases of furniture and equipment of 3,407. 

49 

Our net cash provided by financing activities
was 788,794 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 3,676,648 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by
operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of proceeds from convertible notes payable of 879,083, proceeds from
share issuance of 25,000, dividend payout of 102,740, repayment of convertible notes payable of 5,908, repayments of related party
notes payable of 3,068, and repayments to directors and officers of 3,573. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended
December 31, 2021 consisted of proceeds from the issuance of series N preferred stock of 3,000,000, proceeds from paycheck protection
program and small business administration loans of 547,050, and proceeds from convertible notes payable of 444,500, offset by preferred
stock dividends of 203,880, repayment of line of credit of 51,927, repayment of convertible notes payable of 30,777 and payment of
notes payable of 28,318. 

Convertible Notes 

As of December 31, 2022, we had convertible debt
outstanding net of amortized debt discount of 3,515,752. During the year ending December 31, 2022, we received proceeds of 1,490,706
from convertible notes and repaid 5,908. 

The following is a schedule of convertible notes
payable outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Note # 
 Issuance Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Principal 
 Balance 
 Accrued 
 Interest 
 Unamortized Debt Discount 
 
 7-1 
 10/28/2016 
 10/28/2017 
 10,000 
 2,263 

9 
 09/12/2016 
 09/12/2017 
 50,080 
 14,157 

10 
 01/24/2017 
 01/24/2018 
 55,000 
 69,876 

29-2 
 11/08/2019 
 11/08/2021 
 36,604 
 20,160 

31 
 08/28/2019 
 08/28/2021 
 
 8,385 

37-1 
 09/03/2020 
 06/30/2021 
 113,666 
 28,756 

37-2 
 11/02/2020 
 08/31/2021 
 113,167 
 27,510 

37-3 
 12/29/2020 
 09/30/2021 
 113,167 
 26,474 

38 
 02/09/2021 
 02/09/2022 
 96,000 
 27,939 

39 
 04/26/2021 
 04/26/2022 
 168,866 
 39,684 

40-1 
 09/22/2022 
 09/22/2023 
 2,600,000 
 71,233 

40-2 
 11/04/2022 
 11/04/2023 
 68,666 
 1,072 
 14,486 
 
 40-3 
 11/28/2022 
 11/28/2023 
 68,667 
 620 
 15,615 
 
 40-4 
 12/21/2022 
 12/21/2023 
 68,667 
 187 
 16,697 

3,562,550 
 338,316 
 46,798 

Note 7-1 . On October 28, 2016, we issued
a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 50,000, which matured on October 28, 2017. Note 7-1 is currently in default
and accrues at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. 

Note 9 . On September 12, 2016, we issued
a convertible promissory note in the principal of 80,000 for services rendered, which matured on September 12, 2017. Note 9 is currently
in default and accrues at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. 

Note 10 . On January 24, 2017, we issued
a convertible promissory note in the principal of 80,000 for services rendered, which matured on January 24, 2018. Note 10 is currently
in default and accrues at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. 

Note 26 . On August 10, 2017, we issued
a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 20,000, which matured on January 27, 2018. Note 26 is currently in default and
accrues interest at a default interest rate of 15 per annum. 

50 

Note 29-1 and 29-2 . On May 10, 2019, we
issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 150,000. On November 8, 2019, this note (Note 29) was purchased by and
assigned to an unrelated party. The amount assigned was the existing principal amount of 150,000 and accrued interest of 5,918, which
was issued as Note 29-1, plus a new convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 62,367, which was issued as Note 29-2. Notes
29-1 and 29-2 are currently in default and accrue interest at a default interest rate of 24 per annum. 

Note 31 . On August 28, 2019, we issued a convertible promissory
note in the principal amount of 120,000, which matured on August 28, 2020. The note is currently in default and accrue interest at a
default interest rate of 24 per annum. 

Notes 37-1, 37-2 and 37-3 . On September
3, 2020, we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount 200,000, with original issue discount of 50,000, which could
be drawn in several tranches. On September 3, 2020, we executed the first tranche in the principal amount of 67,000, less original issue
discount of 17,000, which matured on June 30, 2021 (Note 37-1). On November 2, 2020, we executed the second tranche in the principal
amount of 66,500, less original issue discount of 16,500, which matured on August 31, 2021 (Note 37-2). On December 29, 2020, we executed
the third tranche in the principal amount of 66,500, less original issue discount of 16,500, which matured on September 30, 2021 (Note
37-3). Notes 37-1, 37-2 and 27-3 are currently in default and accrue interest at a default interest rate of 18 per annum. 

Note 38 . On February 9, 2021, we issued
a convertible promissory note in the principal amount 103,500, which matured on February 9, 2022. Note 38 is currently in default and
accrues interest at a default interest rate of 22 per annum. 

Note 39 . On April 26, 2021, we issued a
convertible promissory note in the principal amount 153,500, which matured on May 10, 2022. Note 19 is currently in default and accrues
interest at a default interest rate of 22 per annum. 

Note 40-1, 40-2, 40-3 and 40-4 . On September
22, 2022, we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 2,600,000 in exchange for total of 4,791,099 of defaulted
promissory notes balances (Note 40-1). On November 4, 2022, we executed a second tranche under this note principal amount of 68,667,
less original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-2). On November 28, 2022, we executed the third tranche under this note in the
principal amount of 68,667, less original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-3). On November 28, 2022, we executed a fourth tranche
under this note in the principal amount of 68,667, less original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-4). Notes 40-1, 40-2, 40-3
and 40-4 mature on the first anniversary of issuance and accrued interest at a rate of 10 per annum. 

Small Business Administration Loans 

On June 2, 2020, we obtained a loan from the Small
Business Administration of 150,000 at an interest rate of 3.75 with a maturity date of June 2, 2050. The principal balance and accrued
interest at December 31, 2022 was 144,609 and 5,723, respectively. 

Debenture 

On March 12, 2009, we entered into a preferred
debenture agreement for 20,000. The debenture bears interest at 12 per year and matured on September 12, 2009. As of December 31, 2022,
the balance of the debenture was 10,989 and it had interest of 6,229. 

Related Party Loans 

From time to time, the previous owner and current
manager of Platinum Tax loaned funds to Platinum Tax to cover short term operating needs. The amount owed as of December 31, 2022 was
 37,025. 

As of December 31, 2022, the amounts due from
the previous owners of Edge View is 4,979. 

51 

Contractual Obligations 

Our principal commitments consist mostly of obligations
under the loans described above and the operating leases described under Item 2 Properties . 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The following discussion relates to critical accounting
policies for our consolidated company. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting
principles, or GAAP, requires our management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including
the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that
are significant to the preparation of our financial statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial
condition and results of operation. Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition
and results of operations and require management s difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to
make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates
are particularly sensitive because of their significance to financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting
the estimate may differ significantly from management s current judgments. We believe the following critical accounting policies
involve the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements: 

Revenue Recognition . On January
1, 2018, we adopted Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 606, Revenue from contracts with customers , using the modified retrospective
method applied to those contracts which were not completed as of January 1, 2018. 

We apply the following five-step model to determine
revenue recognition: 

Identification of a contract with a customer 

Identification of the performance obligations in the contact 

Determination of the transaction price 

Allocation of the transaction price to the separate performance allocation 

Recognition of revenue when performance obligations are satisfied 

We only apply the five-step model when it is probable
that we will collect the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods or services transferred to the customer.
At contract inception and once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess services promised within each contract
and determine those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised service is distinct. 

Our financial services segment reports revenues
as services are performed and our healthcare segment reports revenues at the time control of the services transfer to the customer and
from providing licensed and/or certified orthopedic procedures. Nova does not have contract liabilities or deferred revenue as there are
no amounts prepaid for services. 

52 

Healthcare Income 

Established billing rates are not the same as
actual amounts recovered for Nova. They generally do not reflect what Nova is ultimately paid and therefore are not reported
in our consolidated financial statements. We are typically paid amounts based on established charges per procedure with guidance
from the annually updated Current Procedural Terminology, or CPT, guidelines (a code set maintained by the American Medical Association
through the CPT Editorial Panel), that designates relative value units and a suggested range of charges for each procedure which is then
assigned a CPT code. This fee is discounted to reflect the percentage paid to us using a modifier recognized by each insurance
carrier for services, less deductible, co-pay, and contractual adjustments which are deducted from the calculated fee. The
net revenue is recorded at the time the services are rendered. 

Contract Fees (Non-PIP) 

We have contract fees for amounts earned from
our non- personal injury protection, or PIP, related procedures, typically car accidents, and are collected on a contingency basis. These
cases are sold to a factor, who bears the risk of economic benefit or loss. After selling patient cases to the factor, any additional
funds collected by us are remitted to the factor. 

Service Fees Net (PIP) 

We generate services fees from performing various
procedures on the date the services are performed. These services primarily include slip and falls as well as smaller nominal non-PIP
services. Fees are collected primarily from third party insurance providers. These revenues are based on established insurance billing
rates less allowances for contractual adjustments and uncollectible amounts. These contractual adjustments vary by insurance company and
self-pay patients. We compute these contractual adjustments and collection allowances based on our historical collection experience. 

Completing the paperwork for each case and preparing
it for billing takes approximately ten business days after a procedure is performed. The majority of claims are then filed electronically
except for those remaining insurance carriers requiring paper filing. An initial response is usually received within four weeks from electronic
filing and up to nine weeks from paper filing. Responses may be a payment, a denial, or a request for additional information. 

 Historical collection rates are estimated using the
most current prior 12-month historical payment and collection percentages. The Company generally receives all of its collections within
12 months from the date of service. Historically the Company receives 49.9 of collections billed and these net collection receipts represent
revenue. The Company recognizes the remaining 51.1 of uncollectible portions as finance charges as other expenses on the Consolidated
Statement of Operations. The Company accounts for chargebacks as they occur and records an estimate for expected chargebacks as they are
received from insurance companies. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we recorded 0 bad debt expense. Additionally, we have not recorded any estimate for expected chargebacks. 

Our contracts for both our contract and service
fees each contain a single performance obligation (providing orthopedic services), as the promise to transfer the individual services
is not separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts and, therefore, not distinct, as a result, the entire transaction
price is allocated to this single performance obligation. Accordingly, we recognize revenues (net) when the patient receives orthopedic
care services. Our patient service contracts generally have performance obligations which are satisfied at a point in time. The performance
obligation is for onsite or off-site care provided. Patient service contracts are generally fixed-price, and the transaction price is
in the contract. Revenue is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with our patients are satisfied; generally, at
the time of patient care. 

Financial Services Income 

We generate revenue from providing tax resolution
services to individuals and business owners that have federal and state tax liabilities by assisting clients to settle outstanding tax
debts. Additionally, services include back taxes, offer in compromise, audit representation, amending tax returns, tax preparation, wage
garnishment relief, removal of bank levies and liens, and other financial challenges. We recognize revenues for these services as services
are performed. 

53 

Rental Income 

Our rent revenue is derived from the mobile home
leases. The expired leases are considered month-to-month leases. In accordance with section ASC 842, the cost of property held for leasing
by major classes of property according to nature or function, and the amount of accumulated depreciation in total, is presented in our
consolidated balance sheets. There are no contingent rentals included in income. With the exception of the month-to-month leases, revenue
was recognized on a straight-line basis and amortized into income on a monthly basis, over the lease term. 

Property and Equipment . Property
and equipment are carried at cost. Expenditures for renewals and betterments that extend the useful lives of property, equipment or leasehold
improvements are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is calculated
using the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes based on the following estimated useful lives: 

Classification 
 
 Useful Life 
 
 Equipment, furniture, and fixtures 
 
 5 - 7 years 
 
 Medical equipment 
 
 10 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 10 years or lease term, if shorter 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets .
Goodwill and indefinite-lived brands are not amortized but are evaluated for impairment annually or when indicators of a potential impairment
are present. Our impairment testing of goodwill is performed separately from our impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangibles. The
annual evaluation for impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles is based on valuation models that incorporate assumptions
and internal projections of expected future cash flows and operating plans. We believe such assumptions are also comparable to those that
would be used by other marketplace participants. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized goodwill impairment
in the amount of 2,092,048 and 0, respectively. The Company based this decision on impairment testing of the underlying assets, expected
cash flows, decreased asset value and other factors. 

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets .
In accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360-10-5, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , all long-lived assets such
as plant and equipment and construction in progress held and used by our company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is
evaluated by a comparison of the carrying amount of assets to estimated discounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets.
If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amounts
of the assets exceed the fair value of the assets. 

Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The
Company accounts for its series N senior convertible preferred stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity . Conditionally redeemable preferred shares are classified as temporary mezzanine equity within the Company s
consolidated balance sheet. 

54 

Fair Value Measurements . Fair value
is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets are categorized
based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between
(1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs), and (2) an entity s
own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable
inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the
fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1 
 Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets at the measurement date. 

Level 2 
 Inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, which are observable for the asset or liability through corroboration with market data at the measurement date. 

Level 3 
 Unobservable inputs that reflect management's best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. 

Stock-Based Compensation . We account
for our stock-based compensation in which we obtain employee services in share-based payment transactions under the recognition and measurement
principles of the fair value recognition provisions of section 718-10-30 of the FASB ASC, pursuant to which all transactions in which
goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the
consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date
used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the performance is complete or the
date on which it is probable that performance will occur. Generally, all forms of share-based payments, including stock option grants,
warrants and restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights are measured at their fair value on the awards grant date, based
on estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. The expense resulting from share-based payments is recorded in general
and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The full text of our audited consolidated financial statements begins
on page F-1 of this annual report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

55 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

As required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange
Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31,
2022. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer determined that, because
of the material weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal control over financial reporting refers to
the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer,
and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, and includes those policies
and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of
our management and directors; and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our management evaluated the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation, management used the framework established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The
COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system, including (i) the control environment,
(ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring. Based on our evaluation, we determined
that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the following material weaknesses. 

We have not developed and effectively communicated to our employees our accounting policies and procedure,
which has resulted in inconsistent practices. 

We lack formal documentation over internal control procedures and environment. 

We lack proper segregation of duties and multiple level of reviews. 

We lack expertise in accounting of derivative liabilities 

56 

In order to cure the foregoing material weakness,
we have taken or plan to take the following remediation measures: 

We plan to make necessary changes by providing training to our financial team and our other relevant personnel
on the GAAP accounting guidelines applicable to financial reporting requirements. 

We plan to implement proper documentation procedures for key functional areas, control objectives and
our workflows. 

We plan to reinforce effective compensating controls can improve the design of the current process with
limited human resources. 

We intend to complete the remediation of the material
weaknesses discussed above as soon as practicable but we can give no assurance that we will be able to do so. Designing and implementing
an effective disclosure controls and procedures is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business
and the economic and regulatory environments and to devote significant resources to maintain a financial reporting system that adequately
satisfies our reporting obligations. The remedial measures that we have taken and intend to take may not fully address the material weaknesses
that we have identified, and material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures may be identified in the future. Should we
discover such conditions, we intend to remediate them as soon as practicable. We are committed to taking appropriate steps for remediation,
as needed. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well
designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

We regularly review our system of internal control
over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that
we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems,
consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

Except for the matters described above, there
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following sets forth information about our
directors and executive officers as of the date of this report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Daniel Thompson 
 
 74 
 
 Chairman of the Board Directors 
 
 Alex Cunningham 
 
 67 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Daniel
Thompson . Mr. Thompson has been Chairman of our board of directors since May 2014. Prior to serving as Chairman, Mr. Thompson
served Chief Executive Officer from February 2005 to May 2014 and also served as a consultant from January 2001 to February 2005. Prior
to joining us, Mr. Thompson was founder, president and chief executive officer of Creative Entertainment Services, a full-service entertainment
company specializing in Feature Film, Television, Closed Captioning and Game Show fulfilment, from 1982 to December 2001. Mr. Thompson
also founded CableRep USA, a media sales firm specializing in local market cable advertising, which he sold to Cox Cable in 1981. Mr.
Thompson attended Wayne State University, Bellevue College, and College of Continuing Studies at University of Nebraska at Omaha. We believe
Mr. Thompson is well suited to serve as a director because of his previous business management and merger and acquisition experience.

Alex
Cunningham . Mr. Cunningham has been our Chief Executive Officer and President since June 2015 and has served on our board of directors
since June of 2015. Prior to joining us in 2015, Mr. Cunningham founded Francnsult, Inc., a business development company representing
franchise operations, where he was in charge of identifying prospects for franchising, mergers and acquisitions, and was the managing
partner at AH Cunningham Associates, LLC, a firm which provided financial and operational consulting services to owners of small
and medium-sized businesses, EB-5 immigrant investors, passive investment, franchise owners, and franchisors. Prior to his employment
at Francnsult, Inc. and AH Cunningham Associates, Mr. Cunningham was the president and chief executive officer of Profit Management
Consulting, a management consulting company that assisted in the management of private and closely held middle-market companies, from
1996 to 2005. From 1991 to 1996, Mr. Cunningham was a partner at London Capital Corporation, a company which provides merger and acquisition
services to small and medium-sized businesses. Mr. Cunningham received a BBA-Finance and Administration at the University of Kentucky
and an MBA from Rollins College. We believe Cunningham is well suited to serve as a director because of his previous business management,
financial, and merger and acquisition experience. 

Our directors currently have terms which will
end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualify, subject to their prior death, resignation
or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors. There is no arrangement or understanding between any director
or executive officer and any other person pursuant to which he was or is to be selected as a director, nominee or officer. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of
our officers or directors. 

58 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, except as described
below, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

had
any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association
of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that
time; 

been
subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or
federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type
of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with
persons engaged in any such activity; 

been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation
of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance
companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty
or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Governance Structure 

We chose to appoint a separate Chairman of the
Board who is not our Chief Executive Officer. Our board of directors has made this decision based on their belief that a separate Chairman
of the Board can act as a balance to the Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as a non-independent director. 

The Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

The board of directors oversees that the assets
of our company are properly safeguarded, that the appropriate financial and other controls are maintained, and that our business is conducted
wisely and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and proper governance. Included in these responsibilities is the board s
oversight of the various risks facing our company. In this regard, our board seeks to understand and oversee critical business risks.
Our board does not view risk in isolation. Risks are considered in virtually every business decision and as part of our business strategy.
Our board recognizes that it is neither possible nor prudent to eliminate all risk. Indeed, purposeful and appropriate risk-taking is
essential for our company to be competitive on a global basis and to achieve its objectives. 

While the board oversees risk management, company
management is charged with managing risk. Management communicates routinely with the board and individual directors on the significant
risks identified and how they are being managed. Directors are free to, and indeed often do, communicate directly with senior management. 

59 

Our board administers its risk oversight function
as a whole by making risk oversight a matter of collective consideration; however, much of the work will be delegated to committees, which
will meet regularly and report back to the full board. We plan to establish a standing audit committee, compensation committee and nominating
and corporate governance committee of our board of directors. We anticipate that the audit committee will oversee risks related to our
financial statements, the financial reporting process, accounting and legal matters, the compensation committee will evaluate the risks
and rewards associated with our compensation philosophy and programs, and the nominating and corporate governance committee will evaluate
risk associated with management decisions and strategic direction. 

Material Changes to Director Nomination Procedures 

There have been no material changes to the procedures
by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors since such procedures were last disclosed. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies
to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer. Such code of ethics addresses, among other things, honesty and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance
with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws, and reporting of violations
of the code. 

We are required to disclose any amendment to,
or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to use our website as a method of disseminating this
disclosure, as permitted by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to our website within four (4) business days following
the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
directors and executive officers and beneficial holders of more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. We believe, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished
to us and representations of these persons, that all reports were timely filed for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named persons for services rendered in all capacities during the
noted periods. No other executive officers received total annual salary and bonus compensation in excess of 100,000. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Total ) 

Alex Cunningham, 
 2022 
 360,000 
 200,000 
 560,000 

Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 360,000 
 200,000 
 560,000 

Daniel Thompson, 
 2022 
 360,000 
 200,000 
 560,000 

Chairman of the Board 
 2021 
 360,000 
 200,000 
 560,000 

Steven Healy, 
 2022 
 156,000 
 
 156,000 

Former
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 156,000 
 
 156,000 

60 

Employment Agreements 

Effective July 15, 2020, we entered into an employment
agreement with Alex Cunningham, pursuant to which Mr. Cunningham agreed to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to
the employment agreement, Mr. Cunningham will earn 360,000 per year as his base salary. Mr. Cunningham is eligible for an annual bonus
with respect to each fiscal year ending during his employment. Mr. Cunningham is also eligible to receive compensation in shares of preferred
stock in the event that we are unable to pay his base salary in dollars. The term of employment agreement is from July 15, 2020 to December
31, 2025 with automatic extensions for additional successive one (1) year renewals terms unless terminated by notice of at least three
(3) months from us or Mr. Cunningham of the termination. The employment agreement may be terminated immediately for cause (as such term
is defined in the employment agreement), which would cause no severance payment obligations to Mr. Cunningham. In the event of termination
without cause or for good reason, we must provide Mr. Cunningham with thirty (30) days prior written notice and would be required to pay
all accrued payments, base salary and 200,000, Mr. Cunningham s maximum target bonus amount for the twelve months after the termination.
In the event of termination of employment without cause or for good reason following a change-in-control of our company, Mr. Cunningham
would be entitled to all accrued payments, a lump sum separation allowance equal to two times the sum of his then base salary and then
target bonus, any annual incentive bonuses, payment of benefits until the earlier of twenty-four months after termination or receipt of
comparable benefits from subsequent employment and all then-outstanding equity awards under any equity plan will vest in full. The employment
agreement also provides that Mr. Cunningham may not compete against us for a period of twelve (12) months after termination of his employment
for any reason or solicit employees or customers from us for a period of twenty-four (24) months after termination of his employment for
any reason. 

Effective July 15, 2020, we entered into an employment
agreement with Daniel Thompson, pursuant to which Mr. Thompson agreed to serve as Chairman of the Board. Pursuant to the employment agreement,
Mr. Thompson will earn 360,000 per year as his base salary. Mr. Thompson is eligible for an annual bonus with respect to each fiscal
year ending during his directorship. Mr. Thompson is also eligible to receive compensation in shares of preferred stock in the event that
we are unable to pay his base salary in dollars. The term of agreement is from July 15, 2020 to December 31, 2025 with automatic extensions
for additional successive one (1) year renewals terms unless terminated by notice of at least three (3) months from us or Mr. Thompson
of the termination. The employment agreement may be terminated immediately for cause (as such term is defined in the employment agreement),
which would cause no severance payment obligations to Mr. Thompson. In the event of termination without cause or for good reason, we must
provide Mr. Thompson with thirty (30) days prior written notice and would be required to pay all accrued payments, base salary and 200,000,
Mr. Thompson s maximum target bonus amount for the twelve months after the termination. In the event of termination of employment
without cause or for good reason following a change-in-control of our company, Mr. Thompson would be entitled to all accrued payments,
a lump sum separation allowance equal to two times the sum of his then base salary and then target bonus, any annual incentive bonuses,
payment of benefits until the earlier of twenty-four months after termination or receipt of comparable benefits from subsequent employment
and all then-outstanding equity awards under any equity plan will vest in full. The employment agreement also provides that Mr. Thompson
may not compete against us for a period of twelve (12) months after termination of his employment for any reason or solicit employees
or customers from us for a period of twenty-four (24) months after termination of his employment for any reason. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

No executive officer named above had any unexercised
options, stock that has not vested or equity incentive plan awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Additional Narrative Disclosure 

Retirement Benefits 

We have not maintained, and do not currently maintain,
a defined benefit pension plan, nonqualified deferred compensation plan or 401(k) plan. 

61 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
in Control 

As described under Employment Agreements 
above, Messrs. Cunningham and Thompson are entitled severance if their employment is terminated without cause. 

Director Compensation 

Except for our Chairman, no member of our board
of directors received any compensation for services as a director during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 by (i) each of our executive officers and directors; (ii) all of our executive
officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock. Unless
otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of our company, 3200 Bel Air Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89109. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Title of Class 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 
 Percent
 of 
 Class (2) 

Daniel Thompson, Chairman of the Board (3) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 3,202,228,327 
 
 80.72 
 
 Alex Cunningham, Chief Executive Officer and Director (4) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 37,591,628 
 
 4.68 
 
 Rollan Roberts II, Chief Operating Officer (5) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 122,000 

All executive officers and directors (3 persons) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 3,239,941,955 
 
 85.42 

___________________ 

(1) Beneficial Ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Except as otherwise
indicated, each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power with respect
to our common stock. 

(2) A total of 789,796,735 shares of
common stock are considered to be outstanding pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1) as of the Record Date. For each beneficial owner above,
any options exercisable within 60 days have been included in the denominator. 

(3) Includes 25,004,127 shares of common
stock, 3,167,023,252 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of 1 share of series A preferred stock, 26,124 shares of common
stock issuable upon the conversion of 13,062 shares of series B preferred stock, 100,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion
of 1 share of series C preferred stock and 10,074,824 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of 5,037,412 shares of series
I preferred stock. 

(4) Includes 25,004,128 shares of common
stock, 12,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of 6,250 shares of series B preferred stock, 100,000 shares of common
stock issuable upon the conversion of 1 share of series C preferred stock and 12,475,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion
of 6,237,500 shares of series I preferred stock. 

(5) Represents 122,000 shares of common
stock issuable upon the conversion of 61,000 shares of series B preferred stock. 

We do not currently have any arrangements which
if consummated may result in a change of control of our company. 

62 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

The following includes a summary of transactions
since the beginning of our 2021 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were or are to be a participant and the
amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than compensation
described under Item 11 Executive Compensation above). We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid
or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that
would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

We have obtained short-term advances from Daniel
Thompson, the Chairman of the Board, that are non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we owed the Chairman
 123,192 and 126,765, respectively. 

Director Independence 

We do not have any independent directors within
the meaning of the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent Auditors Fees 

The following is a summary of the fees billed to us for professional
services rendered for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes fees paid
to Grassi Co., CPAs, P.C. and fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes 205,500
paid to Grassi Co., CPAs, P.C. , 31,255 paid to Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman PA and
 37,806 paid to Daszkal Bolton LLP. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 155,805 
 274,561 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 
 
 6,750 
 
 All Other Fees 

TOTAL 
 155,805 
 281,311 

Audit Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial
statements included in our Form 10-K and 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related Fees consisted of
fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under the paragraph captioned Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax returns preparation. 

All Other Fees consisted of fees
billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above under other captions of
this Item 14. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit
and non-audit services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our board of directors to assure that such services do
not impair the auditors independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures, our board of directors pre-approved
the audit service performed by Grassi Co., CPAs, P.C. for our financial statements
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

63 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1) 
 Index to Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
(PCAOB ID 606) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficiency
for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2) 
 Index to Financial Statement Schedules: 

All schedules have been omitted because the required information
is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto, or because it is not required. 

(3) 
 Index to Exhibits: 

See exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

64 

(b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation Cardiff Lexington Corporation, as amended 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cardiff Lexington Corporation 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities of Cardiff Lexington Corporation 
 
 4.2 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Cardiff Lexington Corporation to SILAC Insurance Company on May 21, 2021 
 
 10.1 
 
 Management Agreement, dated June 4, 2021, among by Cardiff Lexington Corporation, Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC and Dr. Marc D Brodsky, Michael Wycoki, Jr., PA and Dr. Kevin Fitzgerald (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Securities Exchange and Purchase Agreement, dated September 22, 2022, among Cardiff Lexington Corporation, We Three, LLC, d/b/a Affordable Housing Initiative, Edge View Properties, Inc., Platinum Tax Defenders, Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC and Leonite Capital LLC 
 
 10.3 
 
 Consolidated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by Cardiff Lexington Corporation to Leonite Capital LLC on September 22, 2022, as amended 
 
 10.4 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated September 22, 2022, among Cardiff Lexington Corporation, We Three, LLC, d/b/a Affordable Housing Initiative, Edge View Properties, Inc., Platinum Tax Defenders, Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC and Leonite Fund I, LP 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 1, 2021, between Cardiff Lexington Corporation and SILAC Insurance Company 
 
 10.6 
 
 Guaranty, dated June 1, 2021, by Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC in favor of SILAC Insurance Company 
 
 10.7 
 
 Security Agreement, dated June 1, 2021, between Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC and SILAC Insurance Company 
 
 10.8 
 
 Security and Stock Pledge Agreement, dated June 1, 2021, between Cardiff Lexington Corporation and SILAC Insurance Company 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 3, 2020, between Cardiff Lexington Corporation and GHS Investments, LLC 
 
 10.10 
 
 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by Cardiff Lexington Corporation to GHS Investments, LLC on September 3, 2020 
 
 10.11 
 
 Security and Pledge Agreement, dated September 3, 2020, between Cardiff Lexington Corporation and GHS Investments, LLC 
 
 10.12 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by Cardiff Lexington Corporation to Power Up Lending Group Ltd. on April 26, 2021 
 
 10.13 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by Cardiff Lexington Corporation to Power Up Lending Group Ltd. on February 9, 2021 
 
 10.14 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by Cardiff Lexington Corporation to Greentree Financial Group, Inc. on January 24, 2017 
 
 10.15 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued by Cardiff Lexington Corporation to Greentree Financial Group, Inc. on September 12, 2016 
 
 10.16 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between the Cardiff Lexington Corporation and Alex Cunningham (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2021) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated July 15, 2020, between Cardiff Lexington Corporation and Daniel Thompson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2021) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the registrant 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 __________ 

 Filed herewith 

 Executive compensation plan or arrangement 

65 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

66 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021 (Restated) 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years
 Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Restated) 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
 Deficiency for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Restated) 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Restated) 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

Stockholders of Cardiff Lexington Corp and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Cardiff Lexington Corp and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (restated), and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 (restated), and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022, and 2021 (restated), and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years in the two-year period ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 (restated), in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Restatement of Financial Statements 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 have been restated to
correct certain misstatements. 

Substantial Doubt Regarding the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has sustained net losses and has accumulated and working capital deficits, which raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 1. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect
to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation
of Goodwill 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately
 5.7 million of goodwill. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment of goodwill of approximately
 2.1 million related to its financial services segment goodwill. As discussed in Note 1 and Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements,
goodwill is tested annually for impairment at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. 

In accordance with the FASB revised guidance on Testing
of Goodwill for Impairment, a company first has the option to assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely
than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the company decides, as a result of its qualitative
assessment, that it is more-likely-than- not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative
impairment test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing is required. 

The quantitative impairment test consists of a two-step
goodwill impairment test. The first step compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount. If the fair value of each
reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired and the second step will not be required. If the
carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying
value of a reporting unit s goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner similar to accounting for a business
combination with the allocation of the assessed fair value determined in the first step to the assets and liabilities of the reporting
unit. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied fair value
of goodwill. This allocation process is only performed for purposes of evaluating goodwill impairment and does not result in an entry
to adjust the value of any assets or liabilities. An impairment loss is recognized for any excess in the carrying value of goodwill over
the implied fair value of goodwill. 

The principal consideration for our determination
that this was a critical audit matter resulted from the Company s goodwill impairment analyses being complex and highly judgmental
due to the nature of qualitive assessment and, where necessary, the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the
reporting units. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as future operating results, cash
flows and the weighted average cost of capital. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be materially affected by
future market or economic conditions. 

How we addressed the matter: 

We obtained an understanding of the Company s
goodwill impairment evaluation process, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above.
We considered the material weakness relating to management s internal controls in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit
tests applied in our audit. 

Our audit procedures to test the Company s
goodwill impairment analyses included evaluating the reasonableness of management s qualitative assessments and in certain instances
the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting units. In evaluating estimated fair value of a reporting unit, we evaluated
management s significant assumptions used within the fair value method, and tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying
data. We compared certain significant assumptions to existing market conditions and information and, where relevant, to the plans of the
Company, including management s expectations with regard to the Company s business model, customer base and other relevant
factors. We also considered the historical accuracy of management s projected cash flows. Finally, we assessed the adequacy of the
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

June 6, 2023 

F- 3 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31,
2022 AND 2021 (Restated) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 (Restated) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable-net 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Land 

Goodwill 

Right of use - assets 

Due from related party 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND DEFICIENCY IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 

Accrued expenses - related parties 

Accrued interest 

Right of use - liability 

Contingent consideration 

Due to director officer 

Notes payable 

Notes payable - related party 

Convertible notes payable, net of debt discounts of and , respectively 

Net liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Notes payable 

Operating lease liability long term 

Total liabilities 

Mezzanine equity 

Redeemable Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Stock - shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value
 , shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Redeemable Series X Senior Convertible Preferred Stock - shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value
of par value; and - - shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total Mezzanine Equity 

Stockholders' equity (deficit) 

Series B Preferred Stock - shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value of , and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series C Preferred Stock - shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value of , shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series D Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value ,
 zero and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series E Preferred Stock - shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value , shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series F Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value ,
 zero and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series F-1 Preferred Stock - shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value , shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series H Preferred Stock - 
 shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value ,
 zero and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series I Preferred Stock - shares authorized, par value, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series J Preferred Stock - shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value , and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series K Preferred Stock - shares authorized, par value, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series L Preferred Stock - shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value , shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series R Preferred Stock - shares authorized, 0.001 par value, stated value of , shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock; shares authorized, par value; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock; zero and shares of Series H Preferred
 stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and
 stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
2021 (Restated) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 (Restated) 
 
 REVENUE 

Financial services 

Healthcare 

Real estate 

Total revenue 

COST OF SALES 

Financial services 

Healthcare 

Real estate 

Total cost of sales 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Depreciation expense 

Goodwill impairment 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Other income 

Gain on divestiture 

Gain on debt refinance and forgiveness 

Gain on change of estimate 

Penalties and fees 

Interest expense 

Conversion cost penalty and reimbursement 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Total other income (expenses) 

NET LOSS BEFORE DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

GAIN FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

LOSS FROM DISPOSAL OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

NET INCOME (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR 

BASIC LOSS PER SHARE 

CONTINUED OPERATIONS 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC 

CONTINUED OPERATIONS 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIENCY AND MEZZANINE EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Restated) 

Preferred Stock Series A, I, K, K-1 
 Preferred Stock Series B, D, E, F, F-1, G, H, L 
 Preferred Stock Series C and R 
 Treasury Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 (Restated) 

Reclassify derivative liabilities to additional paid in capital 

Surrender of series I preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for preferred stock 

Issuance of series J preferred stock 

Issuance of series N preferred stock 

Issuance of series B preferred stock 

Divestiture of subsidiary 

Conversion of convertible notes payable 

Reclassify warrant liabilities to additional paid in capital 

Reclass of derivative liability due to change in accounting policy 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Distribution of dividends 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Issuance of Series B preferred stock for contribution 

Issuance of series B preferred stock in exchange for series D and H preferred stock 

Cancellation of series D preferred stock 

Cancellation of series H preferred stock 

Issuance of series B preferred stock for settlement of employment 

Issuance of series B preferred stock in exchange for series F 

Cancellation of series F preferred stock 

Issuance of series J preferred stock 

Issuance of series X preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock for settlement of RRT 

Reclassification for cancelled shares 

Distribution of dividend 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIENCY (continued) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Restated) 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Shareholders Deficit 
 Redeemable
 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Total
 Mezzanine Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 

Shares 
 Amount 

Balance December 31, 2020 (Restated) 

Reclassify derivative liabilities
 to additional paid in capital 

Surrender of series I preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock in exchange
 for preferred stock 

Issuance of series J preferred stock 

Issuance of series N preferred stock 

Issuance of series B preferred stock 

Divestiture of subsidiary 

Conversion of convertible notes payable 

Reclassify warrant liabilities to
 additional paid in capital 

Reclass of derivative liability due
 to change in accounting policy 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Distribution of dividends 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Issuance of Series B preferred stock
 for contribution 

Issuance of series B preferred stock
 in exchange for series D and H preferred stock 

Cancellation of series D preferred
 stock 

Cancellation of series H preferred
 stock 

Issuance of series B preferred stock
 for settlement of employment 

Issuance of series B preferred stock
 in exchange for series F 

Cancellation of series F preferred
 stock 

Issuance of series J preferred stock 

Issuance of series X preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock for settlement
 of RRT 

Prior period adjustment 

Reclassification for cancelled shares 

Distribution of dividend 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
2021 (Restated) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 (Restated) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of loan discount 

Other income 

Goodwill impairment 

Loss on finance penalties and fees 

Gain on refinance of debt 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

(Increase) decrease in: 

Accounts receivable 

Right of use - assets 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Land 

Increase(decrease) in: 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 

Due to from related party 

Accrued officers compensation 

Accrued interest 

Right of use - liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in Discontinued Operations Operating 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Acquisition of Nova Ortho and Spine PLLC, net of cash acquired 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayments to directors and officers 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from PPP loan and SBA loans 

Repayment of credit line 

Repayment to convertible notes payable 

Payment of notes payable - 3rd party 

Dividend on preferred stock 

Issuance of preferred stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the year for Interest 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued upon conversion of notes payable 

Common stock issued for settlement of accrued expense 

Preferred stock issued for business acquisition 

Preferred stock issued upon conversion of notes payable and accrued interest 

Preferred stock issued upon exchange of defaulted convertible notes payable 

Derivative liability settled upon conversion 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 8 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had accounts receivable of and , respectively. Accounts receivables
are primarily generated from our subsidiaries in their normal course of business. 

Medical equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

and , respectively. The Company based this decision on impairment testing of the underlying assets, expected cash flows,
decreased asset value and other factors. 

and for the years ended December 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Generally, all forms of share-based payments,
including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights are measured at their fair value on
the awards grant date, based on estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. 

The expense resulting from share-based payments
is recorded in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

t have any significant unrecognized uncertain
tax positions. 

. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not reflect any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might result if the Company is unable to continue as
a going concern. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern and the appropriateness of using the going concern basis is dependent upon, among other things, additional cash infusions. Management
has prospective investors and believes the raising of capital will allow the Company to fund its cash flow shortfalls and pursue new acquisitions.
There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient capital from debt or equity transactions or from operations
in the necessary time frame or on terms acceptable to it. Should the Company be unable to raise sufficient funds, it may be required to
curtail its operating plans. In addition, increases in expenses may require cost reductions. No assurance can be given that the Company
will be able to operate profitably on a consistent basis, or at all, in the future. Should the Company not be able to raise sufficient
funds, it may cause cessation of operations. 

The Company and We3 managers entered into a resignation,
release and buyback agreement and addendum, effective October 31, 2022. The Company presented in prior periods operating loss as loss
from discontinued operations in the amount of 49,300 on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The Company identified that NOVA s accounts
receivable as presented in its balance sheet as of December 31, 2021, was understated due to an error in the collection utilized to estimate
NOVA s accounts receivable. The impact of this correction on the accounting estimates is reflected in 1,076,000 increase to accounts
receivable as of December 31, 2021 and 1,076,000 decrease in finance charges for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The following table summarizes the impacts of the
error corrections on the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 presented below: 

i. Balance sheet 

Current liabilities 

Net, liabilities of discontinued operations 

Non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Mezzanine equity 

Preferred stock 

Accumulated deficit 

Others 

Total deficiency in shareholders' equity 

ii. Statement of operations 

Impact of correction of error - year 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 As previously reported 
 Adjustments 
 As restated 

Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross margin 

Operating expense 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Net loss before discontinued operations 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and Diluted Earnings (loss) per Share 

Continued Operations 

Discontinued Operations 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic Earnings (loss) per Share 

Continued Operations 

Discontinued Operations 

and were issued shares of series J preferred stock with an aggregate stated value equal to
 3,579,334. In addition, the Company agreed to pay to the sellers additional shares of series J preferred stock with an aggregate
stated value equal to 3,275,000 if, as of May 31, 2022, Nova s trailing twelve months minimum pre-tax net income exceeded 1,979,320
(the Milestone ). The Company finalized its purchase price accounting and allocation in 2022 and recorded purchase consideration
of 6,100,000 associated with the cash consideration, the fair value of the series J preferred stock and the fair value of the contingent
consideration. 

On August 25, 2022, the parties entered into an addendum
to the securities purchase agreement in which the parties recognized that an unanticipated series of events prevented alternative financing
and equity funding during the initial year that impacted the Milestone outcome, and the parties acknowledged the significant gains and
accomplishments during the initial year. Based upon those accomplishments and the performance of Nova during its initial year, the Company
agreed to issue the supplemental payment of 818,750 additional shares of series J preferred stock. 

The following table summarizes the consideration
transferred to acquire NOVA and the amounts of identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date: 

Accounts receivable 

Property and equipment 

Other assets 

Goodwill 

Liabilities 

Total 

NOVA contributed revenue of and earnings
of to the Company for the period from June 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. The following unaudited pro forma summary presents consolidated
information of the Company as if the business combination had occurred on January 1, 2020. 

Earnings 

These pro forma amounts have been calculated after
applying the Company s accounting policies and adjusting the results of NOVA. 

In 2021, the Company
paid legal fees of and a consulting fee of of acquisition-related costs. The legal and consulting fees are included
in general and administrative expenses on the Company s consolidated statement of operation for the year ended December 31, 2021
and are reflected as an adjustment in computing pro forma earnings for the year ended December 31, 2021 in the table above. 

Accrued credit cards 

Accrued expense previously factored liability 

Accrued income taxes, and other taxes 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued advertising 

Accrued payroll 

Accrue expense - other 

Accrued expense - dividend payable 

Total 

The Company is delinquent paying certain income
and property taxes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance for these taxes, penalties and interest is and , respectively. 

Computer Equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Leasehold Improvement 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
depreciation expense was and ,
respectively. For the years end December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded depreciation expense of 
 and 
 in operations expense, respectively. 

. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold 3 lots for . The land
is currently vacant and is expected to be developed into a residential community. 

 and was personally guaranteed by the manager of Platinum Tax Defender.
The loan accrues interest at at December 30, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 borrowings against the line of credit. 

 shares of series I preferred stock totaling
 shares. 

From time to time, the previous owner who is currently
the manager of Platinum Tax loaned funds to Platinum Tax to cover short term operating needs. Amounts owed as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 were and , respectively. 

In connection with the acquisition of Edge View
on July 16, 2014, the Company assumed amounts due to previous owners who are current managers Edge View. These amounts are due on demand
and do not bear interest. The balance of these amounts are due from the previous owners as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
On August 6, 2022, Edge View terminated one of its two employees for fraud, deceit, larceny, and thievery for selling property belonging
to Edge View and personally taking the in proceeds. The Company hired counsel to terminate the employee and handle all legal
matters for return of monies and criminal prosecution. 

The Company obtained short-term advances from
the Chairman of the Board that are non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the Chairman
 and , respectively. 

See also Note 15 for compensation paid to employees
of the Company. 

Less current portion 

Long-term portion 

Long-term debt matures as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Loans and Notes Payable Unrelated Party 

On March 12, 2009, the Company issued a debenture
in the principal amount of 20,000. The debenture bore interest at 12 per year and matured on September 12, 2009. The Company assigned
all of its receivables from consumer activations of the rewards program as collateral on this debenture. The balance of the debenture
was at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The accrued interest of the debenture was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

On September 7, 2011, the Company issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of 50,000. The note bore interest at 8 per year and matured on September 7, 2016. Effective March 29, 2021,
the principal balance of 50,000 and accrued interest of 37,282 were converted into shares of series B preferred stock. 

On November 17, 2011, the Company issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of 50,000. The note bore interest at 8 per year and matured on November 17, 2016. Effective March 29, 2021,
the principal balance of 50,000 and accrued interest of 36,505 were converted into shares of series B preferred stock. 

On March 11, 2009, the Company issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of 15,000. The note bore interest at 12 per year and matured on April 29, 2014. Effective March 29, 2021,
the principal balance of 15,000 and accrued interest of 19,465 were converted into shares of series B preferred stock. 

On September 9, 2019, the Company issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of 410,000. The note bore interest at 10 per year and matured on September 9, 2020. On November 10, 2020,
the Company entered into addendum No. 1 to the note extending the maturity date until December 31, 2021. On May 4, 2021, the Company entered
into addendum No. 2, whereby the maturity date was extended to , accrued interest of was added to the principal
balance of resulting in a new principal balance of , and the interest rate was increased to . This note was consolidated
to Note 40-1 on September 22, 2022 (see Note 9). The principal balance of the note was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The accrued interest of the note was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loans 

On April 14, 2020, the Company obtained a PPP
loan in the principal amount of with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . This loan was forgiven in
2021 as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act and was recognized as a gain from forgiveness
of debt in the amount of 128,640 recorded in other income and expenses in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

On May 8, 2020, the Company obtained a PPP loan
in the principal amount of with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . This loan was forgiven in 2021 as
part of the CARES Act and was recognized as a gain from forgiveness of debt in the amount of 261,675 recorded in other income and expenses
in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

On February 19, 2021, the Company obtained a PPP
loan in the principal amount of with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . This loan was forgiven
in 2021 as part of the CARES Act and was recognized as a gain from forgiveness of debt in the amount of recorded in other income
and expenses in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

On February 23, 2021, the Company obtained a PPP
loan in the principal amount of with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . This loan was forgiven
in 2021 as part of the CARES Act and was recognized as a gain from forgiveness of debt in the amount of recorded in other income
and expenses in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Small Business Administration SBA Loans 

On June 2, 2020, the Company obtained an SBA loan
in the principal amount of with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . The principal balance and accrued
interest at December 31, 2022 was and , respectively, and principal and accrued interest at December 31, 2021 was 
and , respectively. 

On October 7, 2020, Key Tax obtained an SBA loan
in the principal amount of with an interest rate of and a maturity date of . On August 31, 2021, this SBA
loan was amended to add an additional of principal to the original note and the interest rate was increased to . The principal
and accrued interest at December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. Key Tax was divested on December 31, 2021 and this loan
was eliminated. 

On April 12 and June 16, 2020, the Company obtained
SBA loans totaling with an interest rate of and maturity dates one year from advance, if not forgiven. This was the grant a
part of the EIDL loan and was recognized as other income in the amount of recorded in other income and expenses in the consolidated
statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, accordingly. The principal balance and accrued interest at December
31, 2022 were both and principal and accrued interest at December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 

 and , respectively. During the year ending December
31, 2022, the Company received proceeds of from convertible notes and repaid to convertible noteholders. During the
year ending December 31, 2021, the Company received proceeds of from convertible notes and repaid to convertible noteholders.
There are debt discounts associated with the convertible debt of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded amortization of debt discounts of and , respectively. 

On September 22, 2022, the Company entered into
a security exchange and purchase agreement with its largest lender to consolidate all promissory notes held by them and related accrued
interest in exchange for (1) one consolidated senior secured convertible promissory note New Promissory Note in the amount
of and (2) shares of series X senior convertible preferred stock totaling with a par value of 0.001, stated
value of , convertible into common shares at a 1:1 conversion rate, non-dilutive and non-voting shares. Prior to conversion, all
promissory notes with this lender totaled to consisting of principal of and accrued interest of resulting
in a gain on debt consolidation of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
converted of convertible debt, in accrued interest and in penalties and fees into shares of the
Company s common stock. In addition to the conversions of convertible debt into common stock, the Company converted convertible
debt principal of 150,000 and accrued interest of 225,800 into 140,799 shares of series B preferred stock. 

Convertible notes as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 are summarized as follows: 

Discounts on convertible notes payable 

Total convertible debt less debt discount 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 

The following is a schedule of convertible notes
payable as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

9 

10 

11-2 

13-2 

22 

22-1 

22-3 

26 

29-1 

29-2 

31 

32 

34 

35 

36-1 

36-2 

36-3 

36-4 

36-5 

36-6 

36-7 

36-8 

36-9 

36-10 

36-11 

37-1 

37-2 

37-3 

38 

39 

40-1 

40-2 

40-3 

40-4 

Note 7-1 

On October 28, 2016, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 50,000, which matured on October 28, 2017. Note 7-1 is currently in default and accrues at
a default interest rate of 20 per annum. 

Note 9 

On September 12, 2016, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal of 80,000 for services rendered, which matured on September 12, 2017. Note 9 is currently in default
and accrues at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. 

Note 10 

On January 24, 2017, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal of 80,000 for services rendered, which matured on January 24, 2018. Note 10 is currently in default
and accrues at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. 

Note 11-2 

On March 16, 2017, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 40,000, which matured on March 16, 2018. Note 11-2 was consolidated to Note 40-1 on September
22, 2022. 

Note 13-2 

On July 24, 2018, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 237,909, which matured on January 24, 2019. Note 13-2 was consolidated to Note 40-1 on September
22, 2022. 

Notes 22, 22-1 and 22-3 

On July 10, 2018, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 1,040,000 with an original issue discount of 103,000. On February 20, 2019, the Company executed
an addendum to this note, whereby the Company will receive two additional tranches. On February 20, 2019, the Company received 55,216
less expenses of 5,216 resulting in net cash to the Company of 50,000 and on April 10, 2019, the Company received 55,616 less expenses
of 5,616 resulting in net cash of 50,000, which was paid directly to a certain vendor. The notes 22, 22-1 and 22-3 matured on January
1, 2021. Note 22, 22-1 and 22-3 were consolidated to Note 40-1 on September 22, 2022. 

Note 26 

On August 10, 2017, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 20,000, which matured on January 27, 2018. Note 26 is currently in default and accrues interest
at a default interest rate of 15 per annum. 

Note 29, 29 - 1 and 29-2 

On May 10, 2019, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 150,000. On November 8, 2019, this note (Note 29) was purchased by and assigned to an unrelated
party. The amount assigned was the existing principal amount of 150,000 and accrued interest of 5,917.81, which was issued as Note 29-1,
plus a new convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 62,367.12, which was issued as Note 29-2. Notes 29-1 and 29-2 are currently
in default and accrue interest at a default interest rate of 24 per annum. 

Note 31 

On August 28, 2019, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 120,000, which matured on August 28, 2020. 

Note 32 

On May 22, 2019, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 25,000 from a draw on a line of credit, which matured on May 22, 2020. Note 32 is currently
in default and accrues interest at a default interest rate of 20 per annum. 

Note 34 

On May 18, 2020, the Company entered into a 6 
Convertible Promissory Note with an unrelated entity in the amount 63,000 and expenses of 3,000 resulting in net cash to the company
of 60,000. Note 34 matured May 18, 2021. 

Note 35 

On August 24, 2020, the Company entered into a
6 Convertible Promissory Note with an unrelated entity in the amount 85,000 with expenses of 3,500 resulting in net cash to the company
of 81,500. Note 35 matured August 24, 2021. 

Note 36-1, 36-2 and 36-3, 36-4, 36-5, 36-6,
36-7, 36-8, 36-9, 36-10 and 36-11 

On September 3, 2020, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 733,500, with an original issue discount of 183,500, which could be drawn in several tranches.
On September 3, 2020, the first tranche executed the first tranche in the principal amount of 122,400, less original issue discount of
 30,000, which matured on January 3, 2021 (Note 36-1). 

On November 3, 2020, the Company executed the
second tranche in the principal amount of 120,000, less original issue discount of 30,000, which matured on March 3, 2021 (Note 36-2).
On December 29, 2020, the Company executed the third tranche in the principal amount of 120,000, less original issue discount of 30,000,
which matured on April 29, 2021 (Note 36-3). 

Notes 37-1, 37-2 and 37-3 

On September 3, 2020, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount 200,000, with original issue discount of 50,000, which could be drawn in several tranches. On
September 3, 2020, the Company executed the first tranche in the principal amount of 67,000, less original issue discount of 17,000,
which matured on June 30, 2021 (Note 37-1). 

On November 2, 2020, the Company executed the
second tranche in the principal amount of 66,500, less original issue discount of 16,500, which matured on August 31, 2021 (Note 37-2). 

On December 29, 2020, the Company executed the
third tranche in the principal amount of 66,500, less original issue discount of 16,500, which matured on September 30, 2021 (Note 37-3).
Notes 37-1, 37-2 and 27-3 are currently in default and accrue interest at a default interest rate of 18 per annum. 

Note 38 

On February 9, 2021, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount 103,500, which matured on February 9, 2022. Note 38 is currently in default and accrues interest
at a default interest rate of 22 per annum. 

Note 39 

On April 26, 2021, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount 153,500, which matured on May 10, 2022. Note 19 is currently in default and accrues interest
at a default interest rate of 22 per annum. 

Note 40-1, 40-2, 40-3 and 40-4 

On September 22, 2022, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 2,600,000 in exchange for total of 4,791,099 of defaulted promissory notes balances (Note
40-1). 

On November 4, 2022, the Company executed a second
tranche under this note principal amount of 68,667, less original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-2). 

On November 28, 2022, the Company executed the
third tranche under this note in the principal amount of 68,667, less original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-3). 

On November 28, 2022, the Company executed a fourth
tranche under this note in the principal amount of 68,667, less original issue discount and fee of 18,667 (Note 40-4). Notes 40-1, 40-2,
40-3 and 40-4 mature on the first anniversary of issuance and accrued interest at a rate of 10 per annum. 

 shares of series A preferred stock, shares of series B preferred stock, shares of series C
preferred stock, shares of series E preferred stock, preferred stock, shares of series F-1 preferred stock, 
shares of series I preferred stock, 10,000,000 shares of series J preferred stock, shares of series L preferred stock, 
shares of series N senior convertible preferred stock, shares of series R preferred stock and shares of series X senior
convertible preferred stock. 

The following is a description of the rights and
preferences of each series of preferred stock. 

Redeemable Preferred Stock 

The Company recognized Series N Senior Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series X Senior Convertible Preferred Stock as mezzanine equity since the redeemable preferred stock may be redeemed
at the option of the holder, but is not mandatorily redeemable. 

Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series N senior convertible
preferred stock ranks, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common
stock and each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series N senior convertible preferred
stock; (ii) on parity with each class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series N senior convertible preferred
stock; and (iii) junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against the Company
and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series N senior convertible preferred stock. 

Dividend Rights. Holders of series N senior
convertible preferred stock are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 12.0 of the stated value 4.00 per share); provided that
upon an event of default (as defined in the certificate of designation for the series N senior convertible preferred stock), such rate
shall increase by 8 per annum. Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative. Dividends shall
be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date in cash or common stock at the Company s discretion. Dividends payable
in common stock shall be calculated based on a price equal to eighty percent (80 of the volume weighted average price for the common
stock on the Company s principal trading market (the VWAP during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the
applicable dividend payment date. 

Liquidation Rights. Subject to the rights
of creditors and the holders of any senior securities or parity securities (in each case, as defined in the certificate of designation),
upon any liquidation of the Company or its subsidiaries, before any payment or distribution of the assets of the Company (whether capital
or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of junior securities (as defined in the certificate of designation), including
the common stock, each holder of outstanding series N senior convertible preferred stock shall be entitled to receive an amount of cash
equal to 115 of the stated value of 4.00 per share, plus an amount of cash equal to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon
(whether or not declared) to, but not including the date of final distribution to such holders. 

Voting Rights . Holders of series N senior
convertible preferred stock do not have any voting rights; provided that, so long as any shares of series N senior convertible preferred
stock are outstanding, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the series N senior convertible preferred stock, which majority
must include SILAC Insurance Company so long as it holds any shares of series N senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate
class, shall be necessary for approving, effecting or validating any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the certificate
of designation or prior to the Company s (or Nova s) creation or issuance of any parity securities or new indebtedness (as
defined in the certificate of designation); provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any financing transaction the use of proceeds
of which will be used to redeem the series N senior convertible preferred stock and the warrants issued in connection therewith. In addition,
the affirmative vote of holders of 66 of the series N senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class, is required prior
to the Company s (or Nova s) creation or issuance of any senior securities. 

Conversion Rights . Each shares of series
N senior convertible preferred stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, shall be convertible, at the option of the holder
thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock determined by dividing
the stated value 4.00 per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by a conversion price of 0.012 per
share (subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock splits, stock combinations, stock reclassifications, dividends paid in
common stock, sales of substantially all assets, mergers, consolidations or similar transactions); provided that in no event shall the
holder of any series N senior convertible preferred stock be entitled to convert any number of shares that upon conversion the sum of
(i) the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii) the number of shares of common stock
issuable upon the conversion of the series N senior convertible preferred stock with respect to which the determination of this proviso
is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the then outstanding common
stock. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion, upon not less than sixty-one
(61) days prior notice to the Company. 

 Redemption Rights . The Company may redeem the
series N senior convertible preferred stock at any time by paying in cash therefore a sum equal to 115 of the stated value of 4.00 per
share, plus the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends and any other amounts due pursuant to the terms of the certificate of designation.
In addition, a ny holder may require the Company to redeem some or all of its shares of series
N senior convertible preferred stock on the same terms after a period of twelve months from the date of issuance; provided, however, that
such redemption right shall only be exercisable if the Company raises at least 5,000,000 or the
common stock is trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. 

Series X Senior Convertible Preferred Stock 

Ranking. The series X senior convertible
preferred stock ranks, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common
stock and each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series X senior convertible preferred
stock; (ii) on parity with each class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series X senior convertible preferred
stock; and (iii) junior to the series N senior convertible preferred stock, all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets
available to satisfy claims against the Company and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series X senior convertible
preferred stock. 

Dividend Rights. Holders of series X senior
convertible preferred stock are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 10.0 of the stated value 4.00 per share); provided that
upon an event of default (as defined in the certificate of designation for the series X senior convertible preferred stock), such rate
shall increase by 5 per annum. Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative. Dividends shall
be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date. 

Liquidation Rights. Subject to the rights
of creditors and the holders of any senior securities, including the series N senior convertible preferred stock, or parity securities
(in each case, as defined in the certificate of designation), upon any liquidation of the Company or its subsidiaries, before any payment
or distribution of the assets of the Company (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of junior securities
(as defined in the certificate of designation), including the common stock, each holder of outstanding series N senior convertible preferred
stock shall be entitled to receive an amount of cash equal to 100 of the stated value of 4.00 per share, plus an amount of cash equal
to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including the date of final distribution
to such holders. 

Voting Rights . Holders of series X senior
convertible preferred stock do not have any voting rights; provided that, so long as any shares of series X senior convertible preferred
stock are outstanding, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the series X senior convertible preferred stock, which majority
must include Leonite Capital LLC so long as it holds any shares of series X senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class,
shall be necessary for approving, effecting or validating any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the certificate
of designation or prior to the creation or issuance of any parity securities or new indebtedness (as defined in the certificate of designation);
provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any financing transaction the use of proceeds of which will be used to redeem the series
X senior convertible preferred stock and the warrants issued in connection therewith. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of
66 of the series X senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class, is required prior to the creation or issuance of any
senior securities. 

Conversion Rights . Each shares of series
X senior convertible preferred stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, shall be convertible, at the option of the holder
thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock determined by dividing
the stated value 4.00 per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by a conversion price equal to the lower
of (i) the lowest VWAP during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date and (ii) the price per share
paid in any subsequent financing (the Fixed Price ). The Fixed Price is subject to standard adjustments in the event of any
stock splits, stock combinations, stock reclassifications, dividends paid in common stock, sales of substantially all assets, mergers,
consolidations or similar transactions, as well as a price based antidilution adjustment, pursuant to which, subject to certain exceptions,
if the Company issues common stock at a price lower than the Fixed Price, the Fixed Price shall decrease to such lower price. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in no event shall the holder of any series X senior convertible preferred stock be entitled to convert any number of shares
that upon conversion the sum of (i) the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii)
the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the series X senior convertible preferred stock with respect to which
the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 
of the then outstanding common stock. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion,
upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to the Company. 

 Redemption Rights . Commencing on September
22, 2023, a ny holder may require the Company to redeem its shares by the payment in cash
therefore of a sum equal to 100 of the stated value of 4.00 per share, plus the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends and any other
amounts due pursuant to the terms of the certificate of designation; provided however, that in the event that the Company completes a
public offering prior to the redemption date, then any holder may only cause the Company to redeem any outstanding series X senior convertible
preferred stock by paying such redemption price in twelve (12) equal monthly installments with the first such payment due on the date
that is six (6) months following the date that the Company completes such public offering. 

Non-redeemable Preferred Stock 

Series A Preferred Stock 

Each share of series A preferred stock is entitled
to a number of votes and converts to a number of shares equal to the sum of all shares of common stock and series B preferred stock issued
and outstanding, divided by the number shares of series A preferred stock held. Holders of series A preferred stock do not have any dividend,
liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

Each share of series B preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series B preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock (subject to adjustment for forward stock splits but not reverse stock splits). Holders of series B preferred stock
do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series C Preferred Stock 

Each share of series C preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series C preferred stock is convertible into 
shares of common stock (subject to adjustment for forward stock splits but not reverse stock splits). If the Company lists on an exchange,
it has the right to repurchase these shares at a purchase price of per share. Holders of series C preferred stock do not have
any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series D Preferred Stock 

Each share of series D preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series D preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series D preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series E Preferred Stock 

Each share of series E preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series E preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series E preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series F Preferred Stock 

Each share of series F preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series F preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series F preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series F-1 Preferred Stock 

Each share of series F-1 preferred stock is convertible
into two (2) shares of common stock. Holders of series F-1 preferred stock do not have any voting, dividend, liquidation or redemption
rights. 

Series H Preferred Stock 

Each share of series H preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series H preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series H preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series I Preferred Stock 

Each share of series I preferred stock is entitled
to five (5) votes on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series I preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series I preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series J Preferred Stock 

Each share of series J preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series J preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series J preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series K Preferred Stock 

Each share of series K preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series K preferred stock is convertible into 1.25 shares
of common stock. Holders of series K preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series L Preferred Stock 

Each share of series L preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series L preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series L preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series R Preferred Stock 

Each share of series R preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series B preferred stock is convertible into one (1)
shares of common stock (subject to adjustment for forward stock splits but not reverse stock splits). Holders of series R preferred stock
do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Preferred Stock Transactions 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
executed the following transactions: 

In the second quarter of 2022, shares of series D preferred stock were cancelled and exchanged
for shares of series B preferred stock and shares of series H preferred stock were cancelled and exchanged for shares
of series B preferred stock. 

On September 7, 2022, the Company issued shares of series J preferred stock in connection with
the acquisition of Nova. See also Note 2. 

On September 12, 2022, the Company issued shares of series X preferred stock for . See
Note 9 for further discussion. 

On October 10, 2022, the Chief Operating Officer received shares of series B preferred stock in
exchange for the settlement of employment at the fair value of per share. 

On October 31, 2022, the Company entered into a Buyback Agreement, pursuant to which the managers of AHI
purchased back AHI and returned shares of series F preferred stock issued to them, which were remitted to treasury, in exchange
for shares of series B preferred stock. There was a loss on disposal in the amount of which represented net assets and
liabilities at the time of sale back. 

On November 11, 2022, the Company issued 
 shares of series B preferred stock series B to Eric Raper, Investor in exchange for 
 at the fair value of per share. 

On December 15, 2022, the Company issued 
 shares of series B preferred stock series B to Gregg E Russell, Investor in exchange for at the fair value of per share. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
executed the following transactions: 

On February 11, 2021, the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer each converted 
shares of series I preferred stock into shares of common stock for a total of shares of series I preferred stock converted
into shares of common stock. 

On March 29, 2021, in principle from convertible debt and conventional debt and in accrued
interest was converted into shares of series B preferred stock. 

On May 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of series J preferred stock in connection with the
acquisition of Nova. See also Note 3. 

On July 22, 2021, the Chief Operating Officer received shares of series B preferred stock in exchange
for accrued salaries of . 

On December 28, 2021, the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer each forfeited and surrendered
for no consideration shares of series I preferred stock totaling shares. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a Buyback Agreement, pursuant to which the managers of Key Tax purchased back Key Tax and
returned 
 shares of series G preferred stock. There was a loss on disposal in the amount of 
 which represented net assets and liabilities at the time of sale back. 

Common Stock 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
executed the following transactions: 

As part of the Red Rock settlement, the Company issued shares of common stock (see Note 12). 

The settlement also required the previous owners to relinquish shares of common stock resulting
in a gain to the Company of 

The Red Rock settlement required the previous owners to relinquish warrants for shares of common
stock. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
executed the following transactions: 

The Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of certain convertible notes. 

The Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for 125,000 shares of series I preferred
stock. 

The Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for professional services. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Warrants Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Stock Warrants 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 0 
 
 Warrants Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

shares of series F preferred stock. There was a loss on disposal in the amount of on October 31, 2022 which represented
net assets and liabilities at the time of sale back. 

On May 1, 2018, the Company entered into a stock
for stock purchase agreement with the sellers of Red Rock and a related management agreement to manage Red Rock. The terms and conditions
of those agreements were subsequently violated causing the transaction to be reversed and dissolved on May 31, 2019. Red Rock reverted
to its previous ownership, the Company canceled the shares of series K preferred stock related to the aborted acquisition and the
Company filed notice with the State of Florida of the dissolution. 

On October 4, 2020, the Company filed a lawsuit in
Florida seeking to nullify agreements with six individuals. In violation of the management agreement entered into by the Company and Ihsane
(Jay) Jahid in connection with the Company s acquisition of Red Rock, the Company alleges that Mr. Jahid engaged in self-interested,
self-serving conduct utilizing the Company s goodwill to enter into certain convertible note agreements with Matt Kanuck, Rita Home
 Investment, LLC, Taoufik Litefti, Khalid Ahroum, and Iham Taharraoui without the legal authority to bind the Company. The Company
alleges that it did not authorize Mr. Jahid to enter into the subject agreements with the five other defendants, was not aware that Mr.
Jahid had done so, Mr. Jahid was acting outside of the scope of his authority when he caused the Company to enter into the agreements,
the five other defendants knew or should have known that Mr. Jahid did not have the authority to bind the Company to the obligations contemplated
by the subject agreements, and any rights that the five other defendants claim under the agreements with Mr. Jahid are controverted by
the management agreement that was in place between the Company and Mr. Jahid and therefore cannot form the basis for any breach of contract
claims against the Company. The parties are currently engaged in settlement negotiations. 

On April 26, 2021, the Company filed a
lawsuit against investors in Red Rock seeking a judgement declaring that convertible secured notes issued to them by Red Rock
purportedly convertible into the Company s common stock to be null and void, and defendants subsequently filed a counterclaim.
On July 29, 2022, the parties entered into a mediated settlement agreement whereby defendants agreed to dismiss all claims against
the Company related to the notes and accrued interest in the amount of 
and further agreed to cancel and return common stock and warrants issued to claimants in a related 2020 settlement. The Company
agreed to issue defendants 
shares of common stock. As a result of the settlement agreement, the convertible notes and accrued interest were written-off in the
third quarter of 2022 resulting in a gain of 
which is recorded in discontinued operations. As of December 31, 2022, in a separate settlement and additional 
shares were added to the settlement for a total of 
shares issued and recorded in common stock for ,
additional paid in capital for ). The settlement also required the previous owners to relinquish shares of common stock. 

Prior to the settlement, the Company
continued to carry Red Rock liabilities on its balance sheet including accounts payables and accrued expenses of ,
convertible notes payable of ,
accrued interest of 
and a derivative liability of 
as of September 30, 2021. The derivative liability is a function of the convertible notes and accrued interest and the accounts
payable and accrued expenses of 
is deemed to be the responsibility of the current owners of Red Rock and was written-off by the Company in the third quarter of 2021
resulting in a gain of ,
which is recorded in discontinued operations. 

Accounts receivable 

Residential housing 

(Accumulated depreciation) 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Convertible debt 

Derivative liability 

Net liabilities of discontinued operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Gain (Loss) from discontinued operations 

Revenue 

Cost of sales 

() 

() 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

() 

() 
 
 Change in derivative liability 

Loss on divestiture of subsidiary 

() 

Gain no change in estimate 

() 

() 
 
 Gain on elimination of derivative liability 

Gain on settlement of debt 

Gain on reversal of Red Rock liability 

Loss on settlement 

() 

Gain from discontinued operations 

Loss from discontinued operations of We3, divested on October 31, 2022,
which are presented in total as discontinued operations in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Gain (Loss) from discontinued operations 

Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Loss on divestiture of subsidiary 

Gain no change in estimate 

(Loss) from discontinued operations 

and , respectively. The Company based this decision
on impairment testing of the underlying assets, expected cash flows, decreased asset value and other factors. 

The following table shows goodwill balances by
reportable segment: 

Accumulated impairment 

Carrying value at December 31, 2021 

Accumulated impairment 

Carrying value at December 31, 2022 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company has operating leases with future
commitments as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Employees 

The Company agreed to pay 360,000 per year and
a 200,000 of target annual incentive granted in December 2021 and 2022 to the Chief Executive Officer based on his employment agreement
since July 1, 2020 of which currently 50 is paid in cash and 50 is accrued. The Company previously paid the Chief Executive Officer
 300,000 per year. The total outstanding accrued compensation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

The Company agreed to pay 360,000 per year and
a 200,000 of target annual incentive in December 2021 and 2022 to the Chairman of the Board based on his employment agreement since July
1, 2020 of which currently 50 is paid in cash and 50 is accrued. The Company previously paid the Chairman of the Board 300,000 per
year. The total outstanding accrued compensation as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 

The Company agreed to pay 120,000 per year to
the Chief Operating Officer based on his amended employment agreement executed on May 15, 2019. In the third quarter of 2021, the Chief
Operating Officer received shares of series B preferred stock in exchange for accrued salaries of . In September 6, 2022,
the Chief Operating Officer received shares of series B preferred stock in exchange for services. On October 10, 2022, the Company
issued shares of series B preferred stock at the fair value of 1 per share in exchange
for the accrued salaries of resulting in a gain on accrued compensation settlement of . The total outstanding accrued compensation
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 

The Company agreed to pay per year to
the previous Chief Financial Officer based on his amended employment agreement executed on May 15, 2021. The total outstanding accrued
compensation as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was . 

The Company entered into
a Management Agreement effective May 31, 2021 for compensation to the principals of Nova in the form of an annual base salaries of 
to one of the 3 doctors, to the second, and to the third doctor. 

Collectively, as a group, such principals will
receive an annual cash bonus and stock equity set forth below, which will be conditioned upon the Company achieving 100 of the annual
objectives of financial performance goals as set forth below. 

 .0M 
 
 Shares 
 
 2022 
 M 
 
 Shares 
 
 2023 
 M 
 
 Shares 
 
 2024 
 M 
 
 Shares 
 
 2025 
 .0M 
 
 Shares 

On May 31, 2019, Platinum Tax Defenders entered
into an employment agreement with a manager with a term of 5 years, whereby Platinum Tax Defenders provides for compensation of 17,333
per month along with a bonus incentive if financial performance measures were met. The contract was terminated December 31, 2021. 

that expire in various years through the year 2038. Due to operating losses, there is no provision for current federal or state income taxes for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Due to operating losses, there is no provision
for current federal or state income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amount used for
federal and state income tax purposes. 

The Company s deferred tax asset at
December 31, 2022 and 2021 consists of net operating loss carry forwards calculated using federal and state effective tax rates
equating to approximately 
and , respectively,
less a valuation allowance in the amount of approximately 
and ,
respectively. Because of the Company s lack of earnings history, the deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation
allowance in both 2022 and 2021. The valuation allowance increased by approximately million 
from the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company s total deferred tax asset
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act (the Tax Reform Act was signed into law by President Trump. The Tax Reform Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate
income tax regime by, among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 effective January 1, 2018, while also repealing
the deduction for domestic production activities, implementing a territorial tax system, and imposing a repatriation tax on deemed repatriated
earnings of foreign subsidiaries. U.S. GAAP requires that the impact of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was
enacted. The provisional amounts incorporate assumptions made based upon the Company s current interpretation of the Tax Reform
Act and may change as the Company receives additional clarification and implementation guidance. 

Management uses numerous tools and methods to
evaluate and measure of its subsidiaries success. To help succeed, management retains the prior owners of the subsidiaries and
allow them to do what they do best is run the business. Additionally, management monitors key metrics primarily revenues and net income
from operations. 

Healthcare 

Real Estate 

Others 

Consolidated assets 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 (Restated) 
 
 Revenues: 

Financial Services 

Healthcare 

Real Estate 

Consolidated revenues 

Cost of Sales: 

Financial Services 

Healthcare 

Real Estate 

Consolidated cost of sales 

Income (Loss) from operations from subsidiaries 

Financial Services 

Healthcare 

Real Estate 

Income (loss) from operations from subsidiaries 

Loss from operations from Cardiff Lexington 

Total income (loss) from operations 

Income (Loss) before taxes 

Financial Services 

Healthcare 

Real Estate 

Corporate, administration and other non-operating expenses 

Consolidated income (loss) before taxes 

F- 41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: June 6, 2023 
 CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION 

/s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Zia Choe 

Name: Zia Choe 

Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 TITLE 
 DATE 

/s/ Alex Cunningham 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (principal executive officer) 
 June 6, 2023 
 
 Alex Cunningham 

/s/ Zia Choe 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting
 officer) 
 June 6, 2023 
 
 Zia Choe 

/s/ Daniel Thompson 
 
 Chairman of the Board Directors 
 June 6, 2023 
 
 Daniel Thompson 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 cardiff_ex0301.htm
 ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 3.1 

1 

2 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

(a) The name of the corporation is Cardiff
Lexington Corporation (the Corporation ). 

(b) The Certificate of Domestication Articles
of Incorporation are as follows: 

ARTICLE I 
NAME 

The name of the Corporation is Cardiff Lexington Corporation. 

ARTICLE II 

REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT 

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS 

The address of the registered
office in the state of Nevada is 601 S. Rancho Dr., Ste C26, Las Vegas, NV 89106. The Corporation's principal place of business is located
at 3200 Bel Air Dr. Las Vegas, NV 89109. 

ARTICLE III 

PURPOSE 

1. 
 PURPOSE The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized
under the General Corporation. 

2. 
 GENERAL POWERS- Except as restricted by these Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation shall have and may exercise
all powers and rights which a corporation may exercise legally. pursuant to Nevada laws. 

3. 
 ISSUANCE OF SHARES- The Board of Directors of the Corporation may divide and issue any class of stock of the Corporation
in series pursuant to a resolution properly filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada. 

3 

ARTICLE IV 

CAPITAL STOCK 

The aggregate number
of shares which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 8,500,000,000 shares consisting of: 

(a) Seven Billion Five
Hundred Million (7,500,000,000) shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per Share Common Stock of which Two Hundred Thirty-Two
Million Seven Hundred Seventy-Nine Six Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-Six Shares (232,796,735) shares are outstanding as of November
7, 2022. 

(b) One Billion, (1,000,0000,000)
Blank Check Preferred Shares, 0.001 par value per Share Blank Check Preferred Stock of which Six Hundred Thirty-Five Million
One Hundred Sixty-Eight Thousand Six Hundred Thirty-Three (635,168,633) shares are Authorized of the following Series of Preferred Stock
of which Forty-Nine Million Five Hundred Fifty-Eight Thousand Nine Hundred Thirty-Three (49,558,962) are issued and outstanding as of
November 7, 2022: 

SERIES OF PREFERRED STOCK- A, B, C, D, E, Fl, I,
J, Jl, L,N, R, X 

All relative powers, preferences, rights,
and privileges of previously issued and outstanding Preferred Stock issued under the laws of the State of Nevada shall survive these Articles
of Incorporation: 

Preferred Stock Series A- 

Four (4) shares
authorized, par value 0.0001 per share, of which 1 share was issued and outstanding as of August 11, 2021, Series A is authorized
to have four (4) shares which do not bear dividends and converts to common shares at four times the sum of: all shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding at time of conversion plus all shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at time of
conversion divided by the number of issued Class A shares at the timeof conversion, and have voting rights four times the sum of:
all shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding at time of voting plus all shares of Series B Preferred Stocks issued and
outstanding at time of voting divided by the number of Class A shares issued at the time of voting. 

Preferred Stock Series B- 

The Corporation has
designated 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock Series B with a par value of 0.00.1
per share of which 1,884,078 shares of Series B preferred stock were issued and outstanding as of November 4, 2022. Shares of Series
B are anti-dilutive to reverse splits. The conversion rate of shares of Series B, however, would increase proportionately in the
case of forward splits, and may not be diluted by a reverse split following a forward split. Series B is awarded Voting
Right at the ratio of 1 vote per share owned. Each one share of Series B converts to 2 shares of Common Stock. 

Preferred Stock Series C- 

The Corporation has designated
500 shares of preferred stock as Series C Preferred Stock Series C ), with a par value of 0.001 per share, of which 122
shares were issued and outstanding as of November 7, 2022. Shares of Series C are non-dilutive to reverse splits. The conversion rate
of shares of Series C, however, would increase proportionately in the case of forward splits, and may not be diluted by a reverse split
following a forward split. Each one share of Series C converts to 100,000 shares of Common Stock. Each share of Series C shall have one
vote for any election or other vote placed before the shareholders of the Corporation. If the Corporation up lists to NASDAQ, the Corporation
has the right to repurchase these shares for 50,000 per share. 

4 

Preferred Stock Series F-1- 

The Corporation has designated 800,000 shares
of preferred stock as Series F 1 Preferred Stock Series F 1 ), with a par value of 0.001 per share, of which 35,752 shares
were issued and outstanding as of November 7, 2022. Series F1 is non-Voting stock. Each one share of Series F 1 converts to
2 shares of Common Stock. 

Preferred Stock Series I- 

The Corporation has
designated 500,000,000 shares of preferred stock as Series I Preferred Stock Series I ), with a par value of
 0.001 per share, of which 14,885,000 shares were issued and outstanding as of November 7, 2022. Series I is awarded Voting
Right at the ratio of 5 votes per share owned. Each one share of Series I converts to 2 shares of Common Stock. 

Series J Preferred Stock 

The Corporation has designated 10,000,000
shares of preferred stock as Series J Preferred Stock Series J ), with a par value of 0.001 per share, of which 894,834 shares
were issued and outstanding as of November 7, 2022. Series J is awarded Voting Right at the ratio of 1 vote per share owned.
Each one share of Series J converts to 2 shares of Common Stock. 

Preferred Stock Series L- 

The Corporation has
authorized 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock as Series L Preferred Stock Series L ), with a par value of 0.001 per
share, of which 319,493 shares were issued and outstanding as of November 7, 2022. Series L is awarded Voting Right at
the ratio of 1 vote per share owned. Each one share of Series L converts to 2 shares of Common Stock. The Board of Directors have
agreed to adjust all issued and outstanding shares of Series L Preferred Stock to minimum of 1,278,000 in value. All
newly issued Stock are subject to a lockup agreement. Liquidation limited to 20 per year. 

Preferred Stock Series N- 

The Corporation has authorized 3,000,000
shares of preferred stock designated as Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Stock Series N par value of .001 per share
of which 868,056 shares were issued as of November 7, 2022. 

Preferred Stock Series R- 

The Corporation has authorized 5,000 shares
of preferred stock designated as Series R Preferred Stock Series R ), par value 0.001 per share, of which 165 shares were
issued and outstanding as of November 7, 2022. The Series R votes with the common at 1 vote per share and converts to common stock at
a ratio of 1 share preferred to 1 shares common. Shares of Series R Shares are non-dilutive to reverse splits. The conversion rate of
shares of Series R, however, would increase proportionately in the case of forward splits, and may not be diluted by a reverse split following
a forward split. Each one share of Series R has a stated value of 1,200. 

Preferred Stock Series X- 

The Corporation has
authorized 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock as Series X Preferred Stock Series X ), with a par value of 0.001 per
share, of which 375,000 shares were issued and outstanding as of September 23, 2022. Series X is non-voting stock. Each one share of
Series X converts to 1:1 shares of Common Stock. The Board of Directors have agreed to adjust all issued and outstanding shares of
 Series X Preferred Stock to minimum of 1,500,000 in value. All newly issued Stock are subject to a lockup
agreement. 

5 

1. COMMON STOCK 

(a) 
 Voting. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law. or in the Articles of Incorporation the holders of Common Stock shares have
voting rights on all matters requiring a vote of shareholders. Every Common shareholder shall be entitled to one vote in person or by.
Proxy for each share of stock entitled to vote held by such shareholder. 

(b) 
 Other Rights. Each Common Stock issued and outstanding shall be identical in all respects one with the other and no dividends shall
be paid on any shares of Common Stock unless the same is paid on all shares of Common Stock outstanding at the time of such payment. Except
for and subject to those rights expressly granted to the holders of the Blank Check Preferred Stock, or except as may be provided by the
laws of the State of Nevada. 

2. BLANK CHECK PREFERRED STOCK 

Issuance. Blank Check
Stock may be issued from to time in one or more series. Subject to the limitations set forth herein and any limitations prescribed by
lay, the Board is expressly authorized prior to the issuance of any series. of Blank Check Preferred Stock; to fix by resolution. Or resolutions
providing for the issue of any series the number of shares included in such series and the designation, relative powers, preferences and
rights, and the qualification, limitations or restrictions of such series. Pursuant to the foregoing general authority vested in the Board,
but not in limitation of the powers conferred on the Board thereby and by Nevada law, the Board is expressly authorized to determine with
respect to each series of Blank Check Preferred Stock: 

(i) The designation(s) of such series and the number of shares (which from time to
time may be decreased by the Board, but not below the number of such shares then outstanding or may be increased by the Board unless otherwise
provided in creating such series) constituting such series; 

(ii) The rate of amount and times at which, and the preferences and conditions under
which, dividends shall be payable on shares or such individual series, the status of such dividends as cumulative shall accumulate, and
the status of such shares as participating or nonparticipating after the payment of dividends as to which such shares are entitled to
any preference; 

(iii) The rights and preferences, if any, of the shareholders of such series upon the
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of or upon any distribution of the assets of the Corporation, which amount may
vary depending upon whether such liquidation, dissolution, or winding up is voluntary or involuntary and, if voluntary, may vary at different
dates, and the status of the shares of such series as participating or nonparticipating after the satisfaction of any such rights and
preferences; 

(iv) The full or limited voting rights, if any, to be provided for shares of such series,
in addition to the voting rights provided by law; 

(v) The times, terms, and conditions, if any, upon which shares of such series shall
be subject to redemption, including the amount the shareholders of such series shall be entitled to receive upon redemption (which amount
may vary under different conditions or at different redemption dates) and the amount, terms, conditions, and manner of operation of any
purchase or sinking fund to be provided for the share of such series; 

(vi) The rights, if any, of shareholders of such series to convert such shares into
exchange such shares for. Shares of any other classes or of any other series of the same class, the prices or rates of conversion or exchange,
and adjustments thereto, and any other terms and conditions applicable to such conversion or exchange; 

(vii) The limitations, if any, applicable while such series is outstanding on the payment
of dividends or making of distributions on, or the acquisition or redemption of, Common Stock or restrictions, if any, upon the issue
of any additional shares (including additional
shares of such series or any other series or of any other class) ranking on a parity with or prior to the shares of such series either
as to dividends or upon liquidation; and 

6 

(viii) The conditions or restrictions, if any, upon the issue of any other class rankings
on a parity with or prior to the shares of such series either as to dividends or upon liquidation; and 

(ix) Any other relative powers, preferences, and participating, optional or other special
rights, and the qualifications, limitation or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series: in each case, so far as not inconsistent
with the provision of the Articles of Incorporation, or the Nevada Revises Statutes as then in effect. 

3. ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES 

The Board shall have the
authority to issue shares of capital stock of the Corporation and. the certificates therefore subject to such transfer restrictions
and other limitations as it may deem necessary to promote compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, and to
regulate the transfer thereof in such manner as may be calculated to promote such compliance or to further any other reasonable
purpose. 

ARTICLE V 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

The business of the
Corporation shall be managed by the Board, and the directors need not be elected by ballot unless otherwise required by the bylaws of
the Corporation. The number of directors of the Corporation may be increased or decreased in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the
Corporation; provided; that the number of directors shall never be less than one. In the interim between the elections of directors by
stockholders entitled to vote, all vacancies, including vacancies caused by an increase in the number of directors and including vacancies
resulting from the removal of directors by the stockholders entitled to vote which are not filled by said stockholders, may filled by
the remaining directors, though less than a quorum. The directors of the Corporation shall be: 

Name and Address 

Daniel Thompson 

 3200 Bel Air Dr. 

 Las Vegas, NV 89109. 

Alex Cunningham 

 401 East Las Olas Boulevard 

 Suite 1400 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 

7 

ARTICLE VI 
AMENDMENTS 

The Board of Directors reserves
the right to amend and repeal any provisions contained in the Articles of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the state
of Nevada. Alt rights conferred arc subject to this reservation. 

ARTICLE VII 

INCORPORATOR 

The original incorporator.
of the Corporation is Daniel Thompson whose mailing address is 3200 Bel Air Dr. Las Vegas, NV 89109 

ARTICLE.VIII 

INDEMNIFICATION 

The Corporation may indemnify
any director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation to the full extent permitted by Nevada law. The Corporation shall
indemnify any present or former director or officer and shall advance expenses on behalf of any such officer or director and in such case,
to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law 

ARTICLE IX 

ADOPTION AND AMENDMENT OF THE BYLAWS 

The initial Bylaws
shall be adopted by its Board of Directors. Subject to repeal or change by action of the shareholders, the power to alter, amend, or repeal
the Bylaws or adopt new Bylaws shall be vested in the Board of Directors. The Bylaws may contain any provision for tie regulation and
management of the of the Corporation not inconsistent with Nevada. law or these. Articles of Incorporation. 

ARTICLE X 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF 

DIRECTORSTO CORPORATION AND SHAREHOLDERS 

No director shall
be liable to the Corporation or any shareholder for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for any matter
in respect of which such director (a) shall have breached the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its shareholders, (b) shall
not have acted in good faith or in failing to act shall not have acted in good faith; (c) shall have acted or failed to act in a manner
involving intentional misconduct or knowing violation of law; or (d) shall have derived an improper personal benefit. Neither the amendment
nor repeal of this Article, nor the adoption of any provision in the Articles of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article, shall eliminate
or reduce the effect of this Article in respect of any matter occurring prior in such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent
provision. This Article shall apply to the full extent now permitted by Nevada law. 

8 

ARTICLE XI 

STOCKHOLDER ACTION WITHOUT MEETING 

Any action which may be taken
at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice, of one or more consents
in writing setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number
of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and
voted. 

ARTICLE XII 

RE-CAPITALIZATION AFFECTING OUTSTANDING SECURITIES 

The Board of Directors, without
the consent of shareholder, may adopt any recapitalization affecting the outstanding securities of the Corporation by affecting a forward
or reverse split of all or some of the outstanding securities of the Corporation, with appropriate adjustments to the Corporation's capital
accounts, provide that the re-capitalization does not require change in the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation. 

THE UNDERSIGNED, being the
Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, for the purpose of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation under the law of
the state of Nevada, does make, files and records of these Articles of incorporation, does certify that stated facts are true, and accordingly,
have hereto set his hand and seal this 7 th day of November, 2022. 

/s/ Alex Cunningham 

 CEO 

9 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 cardiff_ex0302.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

 OF 

 Cardiff
lexington corporation 

Adopted on March 24, 2023 

 _______________________________________________________ 

article
I 

 OFFICES 

1.1 
 Registered Office . The registered office and registered agent of Cardiff Lexington
Corporation (the Corporation shall be as from time to time set forth in the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation. 

1.2 
 Other Offices . The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within
and without the State of Nevada, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 

article
II 

 STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 

2.1 
 Place of Meetings . Meetings of stockholders may be held at such time and place, within
or without the State of Nevada, as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. Stockholders
and certain other persons permitted by the Corporation to attend a meeting of stockholders may participate in the meeting through remote
communication, including, without limitation, electronic communications, videoconferencing, teleconferencing or other available technology,
if the Corporation has implemented reasonable measures to (a) verify the identity of each person participating through such means as a
stockholder or permitted person and (b) provide the stockholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on
matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to communicate, and to read or hear the proceedings of the meetings in
a substantially concurrent manner with such proceedings. 

2.2 
 Annual Meeting . 

(a) 
 The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business
as may lawfully come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the
stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders: (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting of stockholders;
(ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record
at the time of giving of notice provided for in the following paragraph, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with
the notice procedures set forth in this Section. 

1 

(b) 
 At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the
meeting. For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of
paragraph (a) of this Section, (i) the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation,
(ii) such other business must be a proper matter for stockholder action under the Nevada Revised Statues, (iii) if the stockholder, or
the beneficial owner on whose behalf any such proposal or nomination is made, has provided the Corporation with a Solicitation Notice
(as defined in this Section), such stockholder or beneficial owner must, in the case of a proposal, have delivered a proxy statement and
form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s voting shares required under applicable law to carry any
such proposal, or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a percentage
of the Corporation s voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or beneficial owner to be sufficient to elect the nominee
or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder, and must, in either case, have included in such materials the Solicitation Notice,
and (iv) if no Solicitation Notice relating thereto has been timely provided pursuant to this Section, the stockholder or beneficial owner
proposing such business or nomination must not have solicited a number of proxies sufficient to have required the delivery of such a Solicitation
Notice under this Section. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary by registered mail at the principal
executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business
on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however,
that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than thirty (30) days prior to or delayed by more than thirty (30)
days after the anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received (i)
not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the currently proposed annual meeting and not
later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or (ii) by the tenth (10th) business
day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made, whichever of (i) or (ii) occurs first. In
the event that an annual meeting has not been previously held, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not later than
the close of business on the tenth (10th) business day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first
made. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment of an annual meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a
stockholder s notice as described above. Such stockholder s notice shall set forth: (A) as to each person whom the stockholder
proposed to nominate for election or reelection as a director all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed
in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation
14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act and Rule 14a-4(d) thereunder (including
such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (B) as
to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought
before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder
and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial
owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the
Corporation s books, and of such beneficial owner, (ii) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially
and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, and (iii) whether either such stockholder or beneficial owner intends to
deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of, in the case of the proposal, at least the percentage of the Corporation s
voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, a sufficient number
of holders of the Corporation s voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (an affirmative statement of such intent, a Solicitation
Notice ). 

2 

(c) 
 Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of paragraph (b) of this Section to the contrary, in the event that the number
of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of
the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation at least one hundred (100)
days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by this Section
shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered
to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10 th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 

(d) 
 Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section shall be eligible to serve as directors
and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with
the procedures set forth in this Section. Except as otherwise provided by law, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty
to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made, or proposed, as the case may be,
in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Amended and Restated Bylaws and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in
compliance with these Amended and Restated Bylaws, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall not be presented for stockholder
action at the meeting and shall be disregarded. 

(e) 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal
in the proxy statement and form of proxy for a stockholders meeting, stockholders must provide notice as required by the regulations
promulgated under the 1934 Act. Nothing in these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request
inclusion of proposals in the Corporation proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act. 

(f) 
 For purposes of this Section, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones
News Service, Associated Press, Accesswire, Market Wire or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 

2.3 
 Special Meetings . Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes,
unless otherwise prescribed by law, by the Articles of Incorporation or by these Amended and Restated Bylaws, may be called by the Chairman
of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, or shall be called by the any of the foregoing at the request
in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors or at the request in writing of the holders of at least 50 of all the shares issued,
outstanding and entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Business transacted at all
special meetings shall be confined to the purposes stated in the notice of the meeting unless all stockholders entitled to vote are present
and consent. 

2.4 
 Notice of Meetings . Written notice stating (a)
the date and time of the meeting, (b) the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxies shall be deemed to
be present in person and vote at the meeting, (c) unless the meeting is to be held solely by remote communication, the physical location
of the meeting, and (d) except in the case of the annual meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, must be delivered
personally, mailed postage prepaid or delivered as provided in Section 7.1 to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at
the meeting not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the meeting. If mailed, it must be directed to the stockholder
at his or her address as it appears upon the records of the Corporation. 

3 

2.5 
 Quorum ; Adjournment . At all meetings of the stockholders,
the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of one-third of the shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote shall be necessary
and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by law, by the Articles of Incorporation
or by these Amended and Restated Bylaws. If a meeting of stockholders is adjourned, notice of the following information need not be delivered
if the information is announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken: (a) the date and time of the adjourned meeting;
(b) the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxies shall be deemed to be present in person and vote
at the adjourned meeting; and (c) unless the adjourned meeting is to be held solely by remote communication, the physical location of
the adjourned meeting. If a new record date is fixed for an adjourned or postponed meeting, notice of the adjourned or postponed meeting
must be delivered to each stockholder of record as of the new record date. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present
or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. 

2.6 
 Voting . Each outstanding share of the Corporation s capital stock shall be entitled
to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders, except to the extent that the voting rights of the shares
of any class or classes are otherwise provided by applicable law or the Articles of Incorporation. When a quorum is present at any meeting
of the Corporation s stockholders, action by the stockholders on a matter other than the election of directors is approved if the
number of votes cast in favor of the action exceeds the number of votes cast in opposition to the action, unless the question is one upon
which, by express provision of law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, a different vote is required,
in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Voting for directors shall be in accordance
with Section 3.2 of these Amended and Restated Bylaws. 

2.7 
 Proxies . Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to
express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder
by proxy. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for him or her as proxy, a
stockholder may sign a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for him or her as proxy. Any copy, communication by electronic
transmission or other reliable reproduction of the writing may be substituted for the original writing for any purpose for which the original
writing could be used, if the copy, communication by electronic transmission or other reproduction is a complete reproduction of the entire
original writing. Except as otherwise provided below, no such proxy is valid after the expiration of six (6) months from the date of its
creation unless the stockholder specifies in it the length of time for which it is to continue in force, which may not exceed seven (7)
years from the date of its creation. A proxy shall be deemed irrevocable if the written authorization states that the proxy is irrevocable,
but is irrevocable only for as long as it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. Unless otherwise
provided in the proxy, a proxy made irrevocable is revoked when the interest with which it is coupled is extinguished, but the Corporation
may honor the proxy until notice of the extinguishment of the proxy is received by the Corporation. 

2.8 
 Record Date; Closing Transfer Books . The Board of Directors may fix in advance a record
date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders, such record date to be
not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to such meeting, or the Board of Directors may close the stock transfer books
for such purpose for a period of not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to such meeting. If a record date for a meeting
of stockholders is not fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date is at the close of business on the day before the day on which
the first notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day before the meeting is held. A determination of
stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders applies to any adjournment or postponement of the
meeting unless the Board of Directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned or postponed meeting. The Board of Directors must fix
a new record date if the meeting is adjourned or postponed to a date more than 60 days later than the meeting date set for the original
meeting. 

2.9 
 Action by Consent . Any action required or permitted by law, the Articles of Incorporation,
or these Amended and Restated Bylaws to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting if
a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by stockholders holding at least a majority of the
voting power; provided that if a different proportion of voting power is required for such an action at a meeting, then that proportion
of written consents is required. 

4 

article
III 

 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

3.1 
 Management . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under
the direction of the Board of Directors, who may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as
are not by law, the Articles of Incorporation, a stockholders agreement or these Amended and Restated Bylaws directed or required
to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

3.2 
 Qualification; Election; Term . None of the directors need be a stockholder of the Corporation
or a resident of the State of Nevada. The directors shall be elected by plurality vote at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except
as hereinafter provided, and each director elected shall hold office until his successor shall be elected and qualified. 

3.3 
 Number . The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed as the Board of Directors
may from time to time designate. No decrease in the number of directors shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent
director. 

3.4 
 Resignation . Any director may resign at any time by delivering his or her notice
in writing to the Secretary, such resignation to specify whether it will be effective at a particular time, upon receipt by the Secretary
or at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

3.5 
 Removal . Any director may be removed either for or without cause only by the affirmative
vote of stockholders representing not less than two-thirds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote. 

3.6 
 Vacancies . All vacancies on the Board of Directors, including those caused by an increase
in the number of directors, may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum. A director elected to fill
a vacancy shall be elected for the unexpired term of his predecessor in office. 

3.7 
 Place of Meetings . Meetings of the Board of Directors, regular or special, may be held
at such place within or without the State of Nevada as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. The members of the Board
of Directors or of any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or committee through electronic communications, videoconferencing,
teleconferencing or other available technology if the Corporation has implemented reasonable measures to (a) verify the identity of each
person participating through such means as a director or committee member, as the case may be, and (b) provide the directors or committee
members a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the directors or committee members,
as the case may be, including an opportunity to communicate and to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting in a substantially concurrent
manner with such proceedings. 

3.8 
 Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice
at such time and place as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

3.9 
 Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman
of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President on oral or written notice to each director, given either personally,
by telephone, by telegram, by mail, by facsimile or by e-mail at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the time of the meeting. Special
meetings shall be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary in like
manner and on like notice on the written request of any director. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided by law, the Articles of
Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any special meeting
need to be specified in a notice or waiver of notice. 

5 

3.10 Quorum and Voting . At all meetings of the Board of Directors the presence of a majority
of the number of directors then in office shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and
the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the
Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated
Bylaws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time
to time without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 

3.11 Action by Consent . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the
Board of Directors may be taken without such a meeting if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed
by all the members of the Board of Directors. 

3.12 

3.13 Compensation of Directors . Directors shall receive such compensation for their services,
and reimbursement for their expenses as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall establish; provided that nothing herein contained
shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 

3.14 Committees . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole
Board, designate committees, each committee to consist of one or more directors of the Corporation, which committees shall have such power
and authority and shall perform such functions as may be provided in such resolution. Each committee,
to the extent provided in such resolution, shall have and may exercise all of the authority of the Board of Directors in the management
of the business and affairs of the Corporation, except where action of the full Board of Directors is required by statute or by the Articles
of Incorporation. Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the committee appointed pursuant to this
Section shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice
thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter. Special
meetings of any such committee may be held at any place which has been determined from time to time by such committee, and may be called
by any director who is a member of such committee, upon notice to the members of such committee of the time and place of such special
meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place of special meetings
of the Board of Directors. Notice of any special meeting of any committee may be waived in writing at any time before or after the meeting
and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends such special meeting for the express purpose
of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.
Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in the resolutions authorizing the creation of the committee, a majority of the authorized
number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those
present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. 

article
IV 

 OFFICERS 

4.1 
 In General . The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors
and shall be a President and a Secretary. The Board of Directors may also elect a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a
Chief Financial Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents and Assistant Secretaries. Any two or more offices may
be held by the same person. 

4.2 
 Subordinate Officers . The Board of Directors may appoint, or may empower the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President to appoint, such other officers as the business of the
Corporation may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in
these Amended and Restated Bylaws or as the Board of Directors or such delegate may from time to time determine. 

4.3 
 Election and Term . The Board of Directors, at
its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders, shall elect the officers, none of whom need be a member of the Board of Directors.
Each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until his death, or his resignation or removal from office, or the election and qualification
of his successor, whichever shall first occur. 

6 

4.4 
 Resignation . Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic
transmission notice to the Board of Directors or to the President or to the Secretary. Any such resignation shall be effective when received
by the person or persons to whom such notice is given, unless a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall
become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary
to make it effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract with the
resigning officer. 

4.5 
 Removal . Any officer or agent elected or appointed by the Board of Directors
may be removed at any time, for or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, but such removal shall
be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason,
the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors. 

4.6 
 Duties of Officers . 

(a) 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors . The Chairman of the Board of Directors, when present, shall preside at all meetings
of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform other duties commonly incident to
the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to
time. 

(b) 
 Chief Executive Officer . The powers and duties of the Chief Executive Officer are: (a) to act as the general
manager and chief executive officer of the Corporation and, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, to have general supervision,
direction and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation; (b) to preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in
the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors or if there is no Chairman of the Board of Directors, at all meetings of the Board
of Directors; (c) to call meetings of the stockholders and meetings of the Board of Directors to be held at such times and, subject
to the limitations prescribed by law or by these Amended and Restated Bylaws, at such places as he or she shall deem proper; and (d) to
affix the signature of the Corporation to all deeds, conveyances, mortgages, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers
and instruments in writing which have been authorized by the Board of Directors or which, in the judgment of the Chief Executive Officer,
should be executed on behalf of the Corporation, to sign certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation, and, subject to the direction
of the Board of Directors, to have general charge of the property of the Corporation and to supervise and control all officers, agents
and employees of the Corporation. 

(c) 
 President . The powers and duties of the President are: (a) subject to the authority granted to the Chief Executive
Officer, if any, to act as the general manager of the Corporation and, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, to have general
supervision, direction and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation; (b) to preside at all meetings of the stockholders
and Board of Directors in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer or if there be no Chairman
of the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer; and (c) to affix the signature of the Corporation to all deeds, conveyances,
mortgages, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers and instruments in writing which have been authorized by the Board
of Directors or which, in the judgment of the President, should be executed on behalf of the Corporation, to sign certificates for shares
of stock of the Corporation, and, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, to have general charge of the property of the Corporation
and to supervise and control all officers, agents and employees of the Corporation. The President shall perform other duties commonly
incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from
time to time. 

7 

(d) Vice Presidents . The Vice Presidents may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability
of the President or whenever the office of President is vacant. The Vice Presidents shall perform other duties commonly incident to their
office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate
from time to time. 

(e) Chief Financial Officer . The powers and duties of the Chief Financial Officer are: (a) to supervise and control
the keeping and maintaining of adequate and correct accounts of the Corporation s properties and business transactions, including
accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, surplus and shares; (b) to have the custody
of all funds, securities, evidences of indebtedness and other valuable documents of the Corporation and, at his or her discretion, to
cause any or all thereof to be deposited for the account of the Corporation with such depository as may be designated from time to time
by the Board of Directors; (c) to receive or cause to be received, and to give or cause to be given, receipts and acquittances for
moneys paid in for the account of the Corporation; (d) to disburse, or cause to be disbursed, all funds of the Corporation as may
be directed by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements; (e) to
render to the Chief Executive Officer, the President or to the Board of Directors, whenever either may require, accounts of all transactions
as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the Corporation; and (f) generally to do and perform all such
duties as pertain to such office and as may be required by the Board of Directors or these Amended and Restated Bylaws. The Chief Financial
Officer may direct the any Controller or any Assistant Controller to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the
absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, and each Controller and Assistant Controller shall perform other duties commonly
incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive
Officer shall designate from time to time. 

(f) 
 Secretary . The powers and duties of the Secretary are: (a) to keep a book of minutes at the principal executive
office of the Corporation, or such other place as the Board of Directors may order, of all meetings of its directors and stockholders,
whether regular or special, the notice thereof given, the names of those present at directors meetings, the number of shares present
or represented at stockholders meetings and the proceedings thereof; (b) to keep the seal of the Corporation and to affix
the same to all instruments which may require it; (c) to keep or cause to be kept at the principal executive office of the Corporation,
or at the office of the transfer agent or agents, a record of the stockholders of the Corporation; (d) to keep a supply of certificates
for shares of the Corporation, to fill in and sign all certificates issued or prepare the initial transaction statement or written statements
for uncertificated shares, and to make a proper record of each such issuance, provided that so long as the Corporation shall have one
or more duly appointed and acting transfer agents of the shares, or any class or series of shares, of the Corporation, such duties with
respect to such shares shall be performed by such transfer agent or transfer agents; (e) to transfer upon the share books of the
Corporation any and all shares of the Corporation, provided that so long as the Corporation shall have one or more duly appointed and
acting transfer agents of the shares, or any class or series of shares, of the Corporation, such duties with respect to such shares shall
be performed by such transfer agent or transfer agents; and (f) to make service and publication of all notices that may be necessary
or proper and without command or direction from anyone. The Secretary shall perform all other duties provided for in these Amended and
Restated Bylaws and other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as
the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer may direct any Assistant Secretary to assume and
perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform other duties
commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief
Executive Officer shall designate from time to time. 

8 

4.7 
 Divisional and Other Officers Appointed by the Chief Executive Officer or President .
The Chief Executive Officer, or President if there is no Chief Executive Officer, shall have the power, in the exercise of his or her
discretion, to appoint additional persons to hold positions and titles such as vice president of a division of the Corporation or president
of a division of the Corporation, or similar such titles, as the business of the Corporation may require, subject to such limits in appointment
power as the Board of Directors may determine. The Board of Directors shall be advised of any such appointment at a meeting of the Board
of Directors, and the appointment shall be noted in the minutes of the meeting. The minutes shall clearly state that such persons are
non-corporate officers appointed pursuant to this Section. Each such appointee shall have such title, shall serve in such capacity and
shall have such authority and perform such duties as the Chief Executive Officer or President shall determine. Appointees may hold titles
such as president of a division or other group within the Corporation, or vice president of a division or
other group within the Corporation. However, any such appointee, absent specific election by the Board of Directors as an elected corporate
officer, (a) shall not be considered an officer elected by the Board of Directors pursuant to this Article IV and shall not
have the executive powers or authority of corporate officers elected pursuant to this Article IV and (b) shall be empowered
to represent himself or herself to third parties as a divisional or group vice president or other title permitted, as applicable, only,
and shall be empowered to execute documents, bind the Corporation or otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation only as authorized by
the Chief Executive Officer or the President or by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

4.8 
 Salaries . The salaries of all officers and agents of the Corporation shall be fixed
by the Board of Directors or any committee of the Board, if so authorized by the Board. 

4.9 
 Employment and Other Contracts . The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or
officers or agent or agents to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name or on behalf of the Corporation,
and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. The Board of Directors may, when it believes the interest of the
Corporation will best be served thereby, authorize executive employment contracts which will contain such terms and conditions as the
Board of Directors deems appropriate. 

article
V 

 SHARES OF STOCK 

5.1 
 Form of Certificates . The Corporation may, but is not required to, deliver to each
stockholder a certificate or certificates, in such form as may be determined by the Board of Directors, representing shares to which the
stockholder is entitled. Such certificates shall be consecutively numbered and shall be registered on the books and records the Corporation
or its transfer agent as they are issued. Each certificate shall state on the face thereof the holder s name, the number, class
of shares, and the par value of such shares or a statement that such shares are without par value. 

5.2 
 Shares without Certificates . The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of uncertificated
shares of some or all of the shares of any or all of its classes or series. The issuance of uncertificated shares has no effect on existing
certificates for shares until surrendered to the Corporation, or on the respective rights and obligations of the stockholders. Unless
otherwise provided by the Nevada Revised Statutes, the rights and obligations of stockholders are identical whether or not their shares
of stock are represented by certificates. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation
shall send the stockholder a written statement containing the information required on the certificates pursuant to Section 5.1. At least
annually thereafter, the Corporation shall provide to its stockholders of record, a written statement confirming the information contained
in the informational statement previously sent pursuant to this Section. 

5.3 
 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . The Board of Directors may direct that a new
certificate be issued, or that uncertificated shares be issued, in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged
to have been lost or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost or destroyed.
When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or uncertificated shares, the Board of Directors, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to the issuance thereof, may require the owner of such lost or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to advertise
the same in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond, in such form, in such sum, and with such surety or
sureties as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged
to have been lost or destroyed. When a certificate has been lost, apparently destroyed or wrongfully taken, and the holder of record fails
to notify the Corporation within a reasonable time after he has notice of it, and the Corporation registers a transfer of the shares represented
by the certificate before receiving such notification, the holder of record is precluded from making any claim against the Corporation
for the transfer or a new certificate or uncertificated shares. 

9 

5.4 
 Restrictions on Transfer . The Corporation shall have power to enter into and
perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the sale, transfer,
assignment, pledge, or other disposal of or encumbering of any of the shares of stock of the Corporation or any right or interest therein,
whether voluntarily or by operation of law, or by gift or otherwise of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned
by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the Nevada Revised Statutes. Transfers of record of shares of stock of the Corporation
shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and, in the case of stock represented
by certificate, upon the surrender of a properly endorsed certificate or certificates for a like number of shares. 

5.5 
 Registered Stockholders . The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record
of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other
claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof,
except as otherwise provided by law. 

article
VI 

 indemnification 

6.1 
 Directors and Executive Officers . The Corporation shall indemnify its directors
and executive officers (for the purposes of this Article, executive officers shall have the meaning defined in Rule 3b-7
promulgated under the 1934 Act) to the fullest extent not prohibited by the Nevada Revised Statutes or any other applicable law; provided,
however, that the Corporation may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and executive officers;
and, provided, further, that the Corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director or executive officer in connection with any
proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (a) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (b) the
proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, (c) such indemnification is provided by the Corporation,
in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Corporation under the Nevada Revised Statutes or any other applicable law
or (d) such indemnification is required to be made under Section 6.4. 

6.2 
 Other Officers, Employees and Other Agents . The Corporation shall have power
to indemnify its other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the Nevada Revised Statutes or any other applicable law. The
Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person except
such executive officers to officers or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine. 

6.3 
 Expenses . The Corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a party or
is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or executive officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at
the request of the Corporation as a director or executive officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefor, all expenses incurred by any director or executive
officer in connection with such proceeding, provided, however, that, if the Nevada Revised Statutes requires, an advancement of expenses
incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was
or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery
to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined
by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such
expenses under this Section or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to Section 6.5, no advance
shall be made by the Corporation to an executive officer of the Corporation (except by reason of the fact that such executive officer
is or was a director of the Corporation, in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (a) by a majority vote of a quorum
consisting of directors who were not parties to the proceeding, even if not a quorum, or (b) by a committee of such directors designated
by a majority of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (c) if there are no such directors, or such directors so direct, by
independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made
demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of the Corporation. 

10 

6.4 
 Enforcement . Without the necessity of entering into an express contract, all
rights to indemnification and advances to directors and executive officers under this Article VI shall be deemed to be contractual rights
and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the Corporation and the director or executive officer.
Any right to indemnification or advances granted by this Article VI to a director or executive officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf
of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if (a) the claim for indemnification or advances is denied,
in whole or in part, or (b) no disposition of such claim is made within ninety (90) days of request therefor. The claimant in such
enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection
with any claim for indemnification, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant has not
met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the Nevada Revised Statutes or any other applicable law for the Corporation
to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an executive officer of the Corporation (except in any
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such executive officer
is or was a director of the Corporation) for advances, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense as to any such action clear
and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that such person acted without reasonable
cause to believe that his conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal
counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant
is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Nevada Revised Statutes or any other
applicable law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders)
that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant
has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

6.5 
 Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights conferred on any person by this Article
VI shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable statute, provision of
the Articles of Incorporation, these Amended and Restated Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise,
both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The Corporation is specifically
authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification
and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the Nevada Revised Statutes or any other applicable law. 

6.6 
 Survival of Rights . The rights conferred on any person by this Article VI shall
continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or executive officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and
administrators of such a person. 

6.7 
 Insurance . To the fullest extent permitted by the Nevada Revised Statutes, or
any other applicable law, the Corporation, upon approval by the Board of Directors, may purchase insurance on behalf of any person required
or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this Article VI. 

6.8 
 Amendments . Any repeal or modification of this Article VI shall only be prospective
and shall not affect the rights under this Bylaw in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that
is the cause of any proceeding against any agent of the Corporation. 

6.9 
 Saving Clause . If this Article VI or any portion hereof shall be invalidated
on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and executive officer
to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this Article that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable
law. If this Article VI shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the
Corporation shall indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent under applicable law. 

11 

6.10 
 Certain Definitions . For the purposes of this Article VI, the following definitions
shall apply: 

(a) 
 The term proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation,
prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative. 

(b) 
 The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court costs, attorneys 
fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection
with any proceeding. 

(c) 
 The term the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent corporation
(including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would
have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director,
officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position
under the provisions of this Article with respect to the resulting or surviving Corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent
corporation if its separate existence had continued. 

(d) 
 References to a director, executive officer, officer, employee, 
or agent of the Corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of
the Corporation as, respectively, a director, executive officer, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise. 

(e) 
 References to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall
include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request
of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties
on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or
beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and
beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation 
as referred to in this Article. 

article
VII 

 NOTICES 

7.1 
 Form of Notice . Whenever required by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Amended
and Restated Bylaws, notice is to be given to any director or stockholder, and no provision is made as to how such notice shall be given,
such notice may be given in writing, by mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such director or stockholder at such address as appears on
the books and records of the Corporation or its transfer agent. A notice or other communication may also be delivered by electronic transmission
if the electronic transmission contains or is accompanied by information from which the recipient can determine the date of the transmission.
Unless otherwise agreed between sender and recipient, an electronic transmission is received when it enters an information processing
system that the recipient has designated or uses for the purpose of receiving electronic transmissions or information of the type sent
and it is in a form ordinarily capable of being processed by that system. Except as otherwise provided by these Amended and Restated Bylaws
or specific statute, any notice or other communication, if in a comprehensible form or manner, is effective at the earliest of the following:
(a) if in a physical form, when it is left at the address of a director or stockholder as it appears upon the records of the Corporation,
the residence or usual place of business of a director or stockholder or the stockholder s principal place of business; (b) if mailed
by United States mail postage prepaid and correctly addressed to a director or stockholder, upon deposit in the United States mail; or
(c) if oral, when communicated. 

12 

7.2 
 Waiver . Whenever any notice is required to be given to any stockholder or director
of the Corporation as required by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing
signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated in such notice, shall be equivalent to
the giving of such notice. Attendance of a stockholder or director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except
where such stockholder or director attends for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that
the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

7.3 
 Affidavit of Mailing . An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly authorized
and competent employee of the Corporation or its transfer agent appointed with respect to the class of stock affected or other agent,
specifying the name and address or the names and addresses of the stockholder or stockholders, or director or directors, to whom any such
notice or notices was or were given, and the time and method of giving the same, shall in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence
of the facts therein contained. 

7.4 
 Methods of Notice . It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving notice
be employed in respect of all recipients of notice, but one permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any
other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or others. 

article
VIII 

 GENERAL PROVISIONS 

8.1 
 Execution of Corporate Instruments . The Board of Directors may, in its discretion,
determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers, or other person or persons, to execute on behalf of the Corporation
any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on behalf of the Corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into
contracts on behalf of the Corporation, except where otherwise provided by law or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, and such execution
or signature shall be binding upon the Corporation. All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit
of the Corporation or in special accounts of the Corporation shall be signed by such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall
authorize so to do. Unless authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent
or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render
it liable for any purpose or for any amount. 

8.2 
 Execution of Other Securities . All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities
of the Corporation, other than stock certificates (covered in Section 5.1 of these Amended and Restated Bylaws), may be signed by the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any Vice President, or such other person as may be
authorized by the Board of Directors, and the corporate seal impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested
by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Chief Financial Officer; provided, however, that where any such bond,
debenture or other corporate security shall be authenticated by the manual signature, or where permissible facsimile signature, of a trustee
under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signatures of the persons signing
and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures
of such persons. Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as
aforesaid, shall be signed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of
Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person. In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any
bond, debenture or other corporate security, or whose facsimile signature shall appear thereon or on any such interest coupon, shall have
ceased to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such
bond, debenture or other corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the Corporation and issued and delivered as though the person
who signed the same or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the Corporation. 

13 

8.3 
 Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation . All stock and other securities
of other corporations owned or held by the Corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies
with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence
of such authorization, by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer,
or any Vice President. 

8.4 
 Dividends . Dividends upon the outstanding shares of the Corporation, subject to the
provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting. Dividends
may be declared and paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes
and the Articles of Incorporation. The Board of Directors may fix in advance a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders
entitled to receive payment of any dividend, such record date to be not more than sixty (60) days prior to the payment date of such dividend,
or the Board of Directors may close the stock transfer books for such purpose for a period of not more than sixty (60) days prior to the
payment date of such dividend. In the absence of any action by the Board of Directors, the date upon which the Board of Directors adopts
the resolution declaring such dividend shall be the record date. 

8.5 
 Reserves . There may be created by resolution of the Board of Directors out of the surplus
of the Corporation such reserve or reserves as the directors from time to time, in their discretion, think proper to provide for contingencies,
or to equalize dividends, or to repair or maintain any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think
beneficial to the Corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. Surplus
of the Corporation to the extent so reserved shall not be available for the payment of dividends or other distributions by the Corporation. 

8.6 
 Books and Records . The Corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records
of account and minutes of the proceedings of its stockholders and Board of Directors, and shall keep at its registered office or principal
place of business, or at the office of its transfer agent or registrar, a record of its stockholders, giving the names and addresses of
all stockholders and the number and class of the shares held by each. 

8.7 
 Corporate Seal . The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal. The corporate
seal shall consist of a die bearing the name of the Corporation and the inscription, Corporate Seal-Nevada. Said seal may
be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 

8.8 
 Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution
of the Board of Directors. 

8.9 
 Interpretation and Construction . Reference in these Amended and Restated Bylaws
to any provision of the Nevada Revised Statutes shall be deemed to include all amendments thereof. Unless the context requires otherwise,
the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the Nevada Revised Statutes shall govern the construction of these Amended
and Restated Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of the provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes
the singular, and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural person. All restrictions, limitations, requirements
and other provisions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be construed, insofar as possible, as supplemental and additional to all
provisions of law applicable to the subject matter thereof and shall be fully complied with in addition to the said provisions of law
unless such compliance shall be illegal. Any article, section, subsection, subdivision, sentence, clause or phrase of these Amended and
Restated Bylaws which, upon being construed in the manner provided in this Section 8.9, shall be contrary to or inconsistent with
any applicable provision of law, shall not apply so long as said provisions of law shall remain in effect, but such result shall not affect
the validity or applicability of any other portions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws, it being hereby declared that these Amended
and Restated Bylaws, and each article, section, subsection, subdivision, sentence, clause, or phrase thereof, would have been adopted
irrespective of the fact that any one or more articles, sections, subsections, subdivisions, sentences, clauses or phrases is or are illegal. 

14 

article
IX 
ADOPTION, AMENDMENT OR REPEAL OF BYLAWS 

9.1 
 By the Board of Directors . The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt,
amend or repeal bylaws of the Corporation. 

9.2 
 By the Stockholders . The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or
repeal bylaws of the Corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation required by law or by the Articles of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

CERTIFICATE OF ADOPTION OF AMENDED AND RESTATED
BYLAWS 

OF 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION 

The undersigned hereby certifies
that he is the duly elected, qualified and acting Secretary of Cardiff Lexington Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the Corporation ),
and that the foregoing Amended and Restated Bylaws were adopted as the Corporation s bylaws as of the date hereof by the Corporation s
Board of Directors. 

The undersigned has executed this Certificate as
of March 24, 2023. 

/s/ Daniel Thompson 
 
 Daniel Thompson 
 
 Secretary 

15 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-3.2>
 4
 cardiff_ex0303.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF SERIES N SENIOR CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

Exhibit 3.3 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON
CORPORATION 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, 
RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS 
OF 
SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 78.1955 OF THE 
NEVADA REVISED STATUTES 

Cardiff Lexington Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the Corporation ),
does hereby certify that, pursuant to the authority contained in its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and in accordance
with the provisions of Section 78.1955 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board has adopted the following resolution creating the following series of the Corporation s preferred stock and determined the voting
powers, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations,
and restrictions thereof, of such series: 

RESOLVED ,
 that pursuant to the provisions of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
of the Corporation and the authority vested in the Board, a series of preferred stock is hereby created, and that the designation and
number of shares of such series, and the voting and other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, and
the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, are as set forth in the Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation and this Certificate of Designation, as it may be amended from time to time, as follows :

Section 1. 
 Definitions . For the purposes hereof,
the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Affiliate 
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Common Stock 
means the Corporation s Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Liquidation 
means any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntarily or involuntarily, a merger or consolidation of
the Corporation wherein the Corporation is not the surviving entity, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation. 

Person 
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Requisite Holders 
means the holders of a majority of outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. 

Series B Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Series C Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series C Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Series E Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series E Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

1 

Series F-1 Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series F-1 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of
securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Series I Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series I Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Series J Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series J Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Series L Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series L Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Series N Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any
other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Series R Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series R Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Series X Preferred
Stock means the Corporation s Series X Senior Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and stock of any
other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Section 2. 
 Designation and Amount . There is hereby
created out of the authorized and unissued shares of the preferred stock of the Corporation a series of preferred stock designated as
the Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ). The number
of shares constituting such series shall be two (2). The stated value of each share of Series A Preferred Stock is 250 (as the same may
be adjusted for stock splits, stock combinations, recapitalizations or similar transactions with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock,
the Stated Value ). 

Section 3. 
 Ranking . The Series A Preferred Stock shall, with respect to the distribution of assets upon Liquidation of the Corporation,
be deemed to rank (a) senior to all Common Stock and to each other class or series of capital stock of the Company that is established
after the date of this Certificate of Designation that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock
as to the distribution of assets upon Liquidation of the Corporation (the Junior Securities ); (b) on parity with
each class or series of capital stock of the Corporation that is established after the date of this Certificate of Designation and that
is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to the distribution of assets upon Liquidation of the
Corporation, whether or not the liquidation prices per share thereof differ from those of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Parity
Securities ); and (c) junior to all Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock, Series F-1
Preferred Stock, Series I Preferred Stock, Series J Preferred Stock, Series L Preferred Stock, Series N Preferred Stock, Series R Preferred
Stock, Series X Preferred Stock and to each other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation that is established after the date
of this Certificate of Designation that is expressly made senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to the distribution of assets upon
Liquidation of the Corporation, as well as to all of the Corporation s indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets
available to satisfy claims against the Corporation (the Senior Securities ). 

Section 4. 
 Dividends . The Series A Preferred Stock
shall not participate in any distributions or payments to the holders of Common Stock or any other class of stock of the Corporation and
shall have no economic interest in the Corporation, other than the rights as set forth herein. 

2 

Section 5. 
 Liquidation . In the event of any Liquidation,
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive out of the proceeds or assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders (i) after payment,
and subordinate to, the full payment then owed to the holders of the Senior Securities; (ii) prior and in preference to any payment to
the holders of the Junior Securities by reason of their ownership thereof, and (iii) pari passu with the holders of the Parity
Securities on a pro rated basis, an amount per share equal to the Stated Value. If upon any such Liquidation the proceeds or assets of
the Corporation available for distribution to stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock the
full amount to which they shall be entitled under this Section 5, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any
distribution in proportion of the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect to the shares held by them upon such
distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full. Written notice of any such Liquidation shall
be given to each holder of the Series A Preferred Stock not less than twenty (20) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the payment date
stated therein. 

Section 6. 
 Voting Rights . Each share of Series
A Preferred Stock shall have a number of votes at any time equal to (i) twenty-five percent (25 of the number of votes then held or
entitled to be made by all other equity securities of the Corporation, including, without limitation, the Common Stock, plus (ii) one
(1). The Series A Preferred Stock shall vote on any matter submitted to the holders of the Common Stock, or any other class of voting
securities, for a vote, and shall vote together with the Common Stock, or any class of voting securities, as applicable, on such matter;
provided that the Series A Preferred Stock shall not have the right to vote on any matter as to which solely another class of preferred
stock of the Corporation is entitled to vote. 

Section 7. 
 Protective Provisions . In addition
to any other rights and restrictions provided under applicable law, the Corporation shall not, without first obtaining the affirmative
vote or written consent of the Requisite Holders, with each share of Series A Preferred Stock having one vote on such matter, amend or
repeal this Certificate of Designation or the Corporation s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation if such action would
adversely alter or change the preferences, rights, privileges, or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of, the Series A
Preferred Stock, as reasonably determined by the Requisite Holders, and any such act or transaction entered into without such vote or
consent shall be null and void ab initio , and of no force or effect. 

Section 8. 
 Transfer . Upon the transfer of any
share of Series A Preferred Stock, except for a transfer by a holder to an Affiliate of the holder, whether such transfer is voluntary
or involuntary, such share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically, and without any action being required by the Corporation or
the holder, be converted into one (1) share of Common Stock. Except for the foregoing, the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be convertible
into shares of any other class of stock of the Corporation. 

Section
9. Miscellaneous . 

(a) 
 Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock hereunder shall be in writing and delivered by electronic mail or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Corporation at 3200 Bel Air Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89109, attention: Chairman, e-mail address;
Daniel@cardifflexington.com, or such other e-mail address or address as the Corporation may specify
for such purposes by notice to the holders delivered in accordance with this Section 9(a). Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered by facsimile, by electronic mail, or sent
by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock at the facsimile number, e-mail
address or address of such holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number, email address or address
appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile or electronic mail prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next business day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or electronic mail on a day that is not a business day or later than 5:30 p.m.
(New York City time) on any business day, (iii) the second business day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given . 

3 

(b) 
 Lost or Mutilated Stock Certificate . If a holder s stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation
shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution
for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Series A Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or
destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership hereof reasonably
satisfactory to the Corporation. 

(c) 
 Status of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock . If any shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired
by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated
as Series A Preferred Stock. 

(d) 
 Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designation
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada without regard to the principles
of conflict of laws thereof. 

(e) 
 Waiver . Any waiver by the Corporation or a holder of Series A Preferred Stock of a breach of any provision of this Certificate
of Designation shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other
provision of this Certificate of Designation or a waiver by any other holders. The failure of the Corporation or a holder to insist upon
strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that
party (or any other holder) of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate
of Designation on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a holder must be in writing. 

(f) 
 Severability . If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate
of Designation shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain
applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. 

(g) 
 Headings . The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation and
shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

4 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.1>
 5
 cardiff_ex0401.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

General 

The following description summarizes important
terms of the classes of our capital stock as of December 31, 2022. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by the provisions of our articles of incorporation, the certificates of designation for our preferred stock and our bylaws, which
have been filed as exhibits to this annual report. 

As of December 31, 2022, our authorized capital
stock consisted of 7,500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value and 1,000,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value,
of which 4 shares have been designated as series A preferred stock, 3,000,000 shares have been designated as series B preferred stock,
500 shares have been designation as series C preferred stock, 1,000,000 shares have been designated as series E preferred stock, 800,000
shares have been designated as series F-1 preferred stock, 500,000,000 shares have been designated as series I preferred stock, 10,000,000
shares have been designated as series J preferred stock, 10,937,500 shares have been designated as series K preferred stock, 100,000,000
shares have been designated as series L preferred stock, 3,000,000 shares have been designated as series N senior convertible preferred
stock, 5,000 shares have been designated as series R preferred stock and 5,000,000 shares have been designated as series X senior convertible
preferred stock. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were issued and
outstanding 789,796,735 shares of common stock, 1 share of series A preferred stock, 2,131,328 shares of series B preferred stock, 122
shares of series C preferred stock, 150,750 shares of series E preferred stock, 35,752 shares of series F-1 preferred stock, 14,885,000
shares of series I preferred stock, 1,713,584 shares of series J preferred stock, 8,200,562 shares of series K preferred stock, 319,493
shares of series L preferred stock, 868,056 shares of series N senior convertible preferred stock, 165 shares of series R preferred stock
and 375,000 shares of series X senior convertible preferred stock 

Common Stock 

The holders of our common stock are entitled to
one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Under our articles of incorporation
and bylaws, any corporate action to be taken by vote of stockholders other than for election of directors shall be authorized by the affirmative
vote of the majority of votes cast. Directors are elected by a plurality of votes. Stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights. 

Subject to preferences that may be applicable
to any then-outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared
from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the
payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then-outstanding
shares of preferred stock. 

Holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion
or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences
and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of
any series of preferred stock. 

Preferred Stock 

Our articles of incorporation authorize our board
to issue up to 1,000,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to determine the designations and the powers, preferences
and rights and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, including the dividend rights, conversion or exchange rights,
voting rights (including the number of votes per share), redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions
and the number of shares constituting the series. Our board of directors could, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with
voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock and which could have
the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, a majority
of our outstanding voting stock. 

1 

As noted above, we have designated multiple series
of preferred stock. The following is a description of the rights and preferences of each series of preferred stock. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

Each share of series A preferred stock is entitled
to a number of votes and converts to a number of shares equal to the sum of all shares of common stock and series B preferred stock issued
and outstanding, divided by the number shares of series A preferred stock held. Holders of series A preferred stock do not have any dividend,
liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

Each share of series B preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series B preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock (subject to adjustment for forward stock splits but not reverse stock splits). Holders of series B preferred stock
do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series C Preferred Stock 

Each share of series C preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series C preferred stock is convertible into 100,000
shares of common stock (subject to adjustment for forward stock splits but not reverse stock splits). If the Company lists on an exchange,
it has the right to repurchase these shares at a purchase price of 50,000 per share. Holders of series C preferred stock do not have
any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series E Preferred Stock 

Each share of series E preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series E preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series E preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series F-1 Preferred Stock 

Each share of series F-1 preferred stock is convertible
into two (2) shares of common stock. Holders of series F-1 preferred stock do not have any voting, dividend, liquidation or redemption
rights. 

Series I Preferred Stock 

Each share of series I preferred stock is entitled
to five (5) votes on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series I preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series I preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series J Preferred Stock 

Each share of series J preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series J preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series J preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

2 

Series K Preferred Stock 

Each share of series K preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series K preferred stock is convertible into 1.25 shares
of common stock. Holders of series K preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series L Preferred Stock 

Each share of series L preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series L preferred stock is convertible into two (2)
shares of common stock. Holders of series L preferred stock do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Stock 

Ranking . The series N senior convertible
preferred stock ranks, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common
stock and each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series N senior convertible preferred
stock; (ii) on parity with each class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series N senior convertible preferred
stock; and (iii) junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against our company
and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series N senior convertible preferred stock. 

Dividend Rights . Holders of series
N senior convertible preferred stock are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 12.0 of the stated value 4.00 per share); provided
that upon an event of default (as defined in the certificate of designation for the series N senior convertible preferred stock), such
rate shall increase by 8 per annum. Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative. Dividends
shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date in cash or common stock at our discretion. Dividends payable in common
stock shall be calculated based on a price equal to eighty percent (80 of the volume weighted average price for the common stock on
our principal trading market, or the VWAP, during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable dividend payment date. 

Liquidation Rights . Subject to the
rights of our creditors and the holders of any senior securities or parity securities (in each case, as defined in the certificate of
designation), upon any liquidation of our company or its subsidiaries, before any payment or distribution of the assets of our company
(whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of junior securities (as defined in the certificate of designation),
including our common stock, each holder of outstanding series N senior convertible preferred stock shall be entitled to receive an amount
of cash equal to 115 of the stated value of 4.00 per share, plus an amount of cash equal to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends
thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including the date of final distribution to such holders. 

Voting Rights . Holders of series
N senior convertible preferred stock do not have any voting rights; provided that, so long as any shares of series N senior convertible
preferred stock are outstanding, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the series N senior convertible preferred stock, which
majority must include SILAC Insurance Company so long as it holds any shares of series N senior convertible preferred stock, voting as
a separate class, shall be necessary for approving, effecting or validating any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions
of the certificate of designation or prior to our (or Nova s) creation or issuance of any parity securities or new indebtedness
(as defined in the certificate of designation); provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any financing transaction the use of proceeds
of which we will use to redeem the series N senior convertible preferred stock and the warrants issued in connection therewith. In addition,
the affirmative vote of holders of 66 of the series N senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class, is required prior
to our (or Nova s) creation or issuance of any senior securities. 

3 

Conversion Rights . Each shares of
series N senior convertible preferred stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, shall be convertible, at the option of the
holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock determined
by dividing the stated value 4.00 per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by a conversion price of
 0.012 per share (subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock splits, stock combinations, stock reclassifications, dividends
paid in common stock, sales of substantially all of our assets, mergers, consolidations or similar transactions); provided that in no
event shall the holder of any series N senior convertible preferred stock be entitled to convert any number of shares that upon conversion
the sum of (i) the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii) the number of shares
of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the series N senior convertible preferred stock with respect to which the determination
of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the then outstanding
common stock. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion, upon not less than sixty-one
(61) days prior notice to us. 

Redemption Rights . We may redeem
the series N senior convertible preferred stock at any time by paying in cash therefore a sum equal to 115 of the stated value of 4.00
per share, plus the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends and any other amounts due pursuant to the terms of the certificate of designation.
We are also required to redeem all outstanding shares of series N senior convertible preferred stock on the same terms on May 28, 2024.
 In addition, any holder may require us to redeem its shares if we raise at least 5,000,000 or our
common stock is trading on Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange. 

Series R Preferred Stock 

Each share of series R preferred stock is entitled
to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Each share of series B preferred stock is convertible into one (1)
shares of common stock (subject to adjustment for forward stock splits but not reverse stock splits). Holders of series R preferred stock
do not have any dividend, liquidation or redemption rights. 

Series X Senior Convertible Preferred Stock 

Ranking . The series X senior convertible
preferred stock ranks, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, (i) senior to all common
stock and each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to or on parity with the series X senior convertible preferred
stock; (ii) on parity with each class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series X senior convertible preferred
stock; and (iii) junior to the series N senior convertible preferred stock, all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets
available to satisfy claims against our company and each class or series that is expressly made senior to the series X senior convertible
preferred stock. 

Dividend Rights . Holders of series
X senior convertible preferred stock are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 10.0 of the stated value 4.00 per share); provided
that upon an event of default (as defined in the certificate of designation for the series X senior convertible preferred stock), such
rate shall increase by 5 per annum. Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative. Dividends
shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date. 

Liquidation Rights . Subject to the
rights of our creditors and the holders of any senior securities, including the series N senior convertible preferred stock, or parity
securities (in each case, as defined in the certificate of designation), upon any liquidation of our company or its subsidiaries, before
any payment or distribution of the assets of our company (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of
junior securities (as defined in the certificate of designation), including our common stock, each holder of outstanding series N senior
convertible preferred stock shall be entitled to receive an amount of cash equal to 100 of the stated value of 4.00 per share, plus
an amount of cash equal to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared) to, but not including the date
of final distribution to such holders. 

4 

Voting Rights . Holders of series
X senior convertible preferred stock do not have any voting rights; provided that, so long as any shares of series X senior convertible
preferred stock are outstanding, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the series X senior convertible preferred stock, which
majority must include Leonite Capital LLC so long as it holds any shares of series X senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate
class, shall be necessary for approving, effecting or validating any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the certificate
of designation or prior to our creation or issuance of any parity securities or new indebtedness (as defined in the certificate of designation);
provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any financing transaction the use of proceeds of which we will use to redeem the series
X senior convertible preferred stock and the warrants issued in connection therewith. In addition, the affirmative vote of holders of
66 of the series X senior convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class, is required prior to our creation or issuance of any
senior securities. 

Conversion Rights . Each shares of
series X senior convertible preferred stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, shall be convertible, at the option of the
holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock determined
by dividing the stated value 4.00 per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by a conversion price equal
to the lower of (i) the lowest VWAP during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion date and (ii) the
price per share paid in any subsequent financing, which we refer to as the fixed price. Upon completion of this offering, the fixed price
shall be reset to the price per share paid in this offering. The fixed price is subject to standard adjustments in the event of any stock
splits, stock combinations, stock reclassifications, dividends paid in common stock, sales of substantially all of our assets, mergers,
consolidations or similar transactions, as well as a price based antidilution adjustment, pursuant to which, subject to certain exceptions,
if we issue common stock at a price lower than the fixed price, the fixed price shall decrease to such lower price. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in no event shall the holder of any series X senior convertible preferred stock be entitled to convert any number of shares
that upon conversion the sum of (i) the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii)
the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the series X senior convertible preferred stock with respect to which
the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 
of the then outstanding common stock. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion,
upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to us. 

Redemption Rights . Commencing on
September 22, 2023, a ny holder may require us to redeem its shares by our payment in cash
therefore of a sum equal to 100 of the stated value of 4.00 per share, plus the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends and any other
amounts due pursuant to the terms of the certificate of designation; provided that in the event that we complete this offering prior to
the redemption date, then such redemption payment will be made in twelve equal monthly installments commencing six months following completion
of this offering. 

Warrants 

On May 31, 2021, we issued a five-year warrant
to SILAC Insurance Company for the purchase of 231,481,466 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.015. The exercise price is
subject to standard adjustments, including a full ratchet antidilution adjustment, and the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis
if the market price of our common stock is greater than the exercise price and the underlying warrant shares are not then registered or
otherwise freely tradeable. The antidilution provision of these warrants is a so-called exploding full ratchet antidilution
provision because if we issue shares (except in certain defined scenarios) at a price below the then current exercise price, the exercise
price would be re-set to such new price and the number of shares underlying the warrants would be increased in the same
proportion as the exercise price decrease. If the public offering price is less than 0.015 per share, the exercise price of these warrants
will be reduced to such public offering price and the number of shares underlying these warrants will be increased. This adjustment would
occur at the closing of this offering. 

In connection with the consolidated senior secured
convertible promissory note issued to Leonite Capital LLC described below, and in connection with promissory notes previously issued to
Leonite Capital LLC, we have issued warrants to Leonite Capital LLC for a number of shares of common stock equal to two hundred percent
(200 of the number of shares of common stock that would be issued upon full conversion of such notes. We currently estimate that such
number of shares is 7,631,368,002. These warrants have exercise prices ranging from 0.002 to 0.04 and expire at various dates ranging
from September 22, 2024 to April 15, 2028. The exercise prices are subject to standard adjustments, including a full ratchet antidilution
adjustment, and the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis if the market price of our common stock is greater than the exercise
price and the underlying warrant shares are not then registered or otherwise freely tradeable. The antidilution provision of these warrants
is a so-called exploding full ratchet antidilution provision because if we issue shares (except in certain defined
scenarios) at a price below the then current exercise price, the exercise price would be re-set to such new price and the
number of shares underlying the warrants would be increased in the same proportion as the exercise price decrease. If the public offering
price is less than the current exercise price, the exercise price of these warrants will be reduced to such public offering price and
the number of shares underlying these warrants will be increased. This adjustment would occur at the closing of this offering. 

5 

All of these warrants contains an ownership limitation,
such that we shall not effect any exercise of any warrant, and the holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to the issuance of common stock upon exercise such warrant, such holder, together with its affiliates,
would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of common stock upon exercise of such warrant. This limitation may be waived by the holder upon not less than sixty-one (61) days 
prior notice to us. 

Convertible Promissory
Notes 

On September 22, 2022, we issued a consolidated
senior secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 2,600,000 to Leonite Capital LLC. Leonite Capital LLC subsequently
advanced additional funds under this note with principal amounts of 68,667 on each of November 4, 2022, November 28, 2022 and December
21, 2022, and also advanced 88,667 on January 24, 2023. Each advance matures one year from the date of issuance; provided that such maturity
date shall be extended to the date that is eighteen months from the closing of this offering if such offering is completed prior to the
maturity date. The note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the note), such
rate shall increase to the lesser of 15 or the maximum legal rate. The holder of the note may, in its sole discretion, elect to convert
any outstanding and unpaid principal portion of the note and any accrued but unpaid interest on such portion into our common stock at
a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) the lowest VWAP during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable conversion
date and (ii) the price per share paid in any subsequent financing, with such fixed price being subject to standard adjustments, including
a price-based antidilution adjustment in the event that we issue securities at a lower price than such fixed conversion price (subject
to certain exceptions). 

On February 9, 2021 and April 26, 2021, we issued
convertible promissory notes in the principal amounts of 103,500 and 153,500, respectively, to Power Up Lending Group Ltd. These notes
matured on the first anniversary of the date of issuance and accrue interest at a rate of 6 per annum; provided that any amount of principal
or interest which is not paid within one (1) year after the maturity date shall bear interest at a rate of 22 per annum. The holder of
the notes may, in its sole discretion, elect to convert any outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into our common stock
at a conversion price equal to 62 of the average of the two (2) lowest closing prices of our common stock during the fifteen (15) trading
days prior to the conversion date. 

On September 3, 2020, we issued a senior secured
convertible promissory note in the principal amount of up to 200,000 to GHS Investments, LLC, which amount was advanced in tranches of
 67,000, 66,500 and 66,500 on each of September 3, 2020, November 2, 2020 and December 29, 2020. This note matured on June 3, 2021 and
bore interest at a rate of 10 per annum, which was increased to 18 on the maturity date. The holder of the note may, in its sole discretion,
elect to convert any outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into our common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower
of 0.1100 or the closing price of our common stock on the day prior to such conversion. In addition, this note shall automatically convert
into our common stock on the date that our common stock commences trading on Nasdaq at a conversion price equal to 90 of the public offering
price for this offering. 

On January 24, 2017, we issued a convertible promissory
note in the principal amount of up to 250,000 to Greentree Financial Group, Inc., of which 55,000 remains outstanding. This note matured
on January 24, 2018 and bore interest at a rate of 15 per annum, which was increased to 20 following the maturity date. The holder of
the note may, in its sole discretion, elect to convert any outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into our common stock
at a conversion price equal to the lower of 0.25 or 50 of the lowest closing price of our common stock for the five (5) trading days
immediately prior to such conversion date. 

On September 12, 2016, we issued a convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of 80,000 to Greentree Financial Group, Inc., of which 50,080 remains outstanding. This note
matured on September 12, 2016 and bore interest at a rate of 10 per annum, which was increased to 20 following the maturity date. The
holder of the note may, in its sole discretion, elect to convert any outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into our common
stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of 0.03 or 50 of the lowest closing price of our common stock for the five (5) trading
days immediately prior to such conversion date. 

6 

All of the foregoing notes contain an ownership
limitation, which provides that we shall not effect any conversion, and the holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of
a note, to the extent that after giving effect to the issuance of common stock upon conversion of the note, such holder, together with
its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of common stock upon conversion of the note. This limitation may be waived, up to a maximum of 9.99 , by the holder
upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to us; provided that the notes issued to Power Up Lending Group Ltd. do not
provide for such a waiver. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, our
articles of incorporation and our bylaws could have the effect of delaying or preventing a third-party from acquiring us, even if the
acquisition would benefit our stockholders. Such provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, our articles of incorporation and our bylaws
are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies formulated
by the board of directors and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change of control of
our company. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited proposal for a takeover that does not contemplate
the acquisition of all of our outstanding shares, or an unsolicited proposal for the restructuring or sale of all or part of our company. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares 

Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock
are available for our board of directors to issue without stockholder approval, subject to Nasdaq s rules. We may use these additional
shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including raising additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee stock plans. The
existence of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock could render it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control
of our company by means of a proxy context, tender offer, merger or other transaction since our board of directors can issue large amounts
of capital stock as part of a defense to a take-over challenge. In addition, we have authorized in our articles of incorporation 1,000,000,000
shares of preferred stock. Our board acting alone and without approval of our stockholders, subject to Nasdaq s rules, can designate
and issue one or more series of preferred stock containing super-voting provisions, enhanced economic rights, rights to elect directors,
or other dilutive features, that could be utilized as part of a defense to a take-over challenge. 

Bylaws 

In addition, various provisions of our bylaws
may also have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt of our company
that a stockholder might consider in his or her best interest, including attempts that might result in a premium over the market price
for the shares held by our stockholders. Our bylaws contain limitations as to who may call special meetings as well as require advance
notice of stockholder matters to be brought at a meeting. Additionally, our bylaws also provide that no director may be removed by less
than a two-thirds vote of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote on the removal. Our bylaws also permit the board of directors
to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships. These provisions will prevent a stockholder
from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with
its own nominees. 

Our bylaws also establish an advance notice procedure
for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election
to the board of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting will only be able to consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice
of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors or by a stockholder who was a stockholder of
record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given us timely written notice, in proper
form, of the stockholder s intention to bring that business before the meeting. Although our bylaws do not give the board of directors
the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special
or annual meeting, our bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures
are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors
or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

7 

Cumulative Voting 

Furthermore, neither the holders of our common
stock nor the holders of our preferred stock have cumulative voting rights in the election of our directors. The combination of the present
ownership by a few stockholders of a significant portion of our issued and outstanding common stock and lack of cumulative voting makes
it more difficult for other stockholders to replace our board of directors or for a third party to obtain control of our company by replacing
its board of directors. 

Nevada Anti-Takeover Statutes 

Business Combination Statute 

We are subject to the business combination 
provisions of Sections 78.411 to 78.444 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. In general, such provisions prohibit a Nevada corporation with
at least 200 stockholders from engaging in various combination transactions with any interested stockholder for a period
of two years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the transaction is approved
by the board of directors prior to the date the interested stockholder obtained such status or the combination is approved by the board
of directors and thereafter is approved at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of stockholders representing at least 60 
of the outstanding voting power held by disinterested stockholders, and extends beyond the expiration of the two-year period, unless (a)
the combination was approved by the board of directors prior to the person becoming an interested stockholder; (b) the transaction by
which the person first became an interested stockholder was approved by the board of directors before the person became an interested
stockholder; (c) the combination is later approved by a majority of the voting power held by disinterested stockholders; or (d) if the
consideration to be paid by the interested stockholder is at least equal to the highest of: (i) the highest price per share paid by the
interested stockholder within the two years immediately preceding the date of the announcement of the combination or in the transaction
in which it became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher, or (ii) the market value per share of common stock on the date of announcement
of the combination and the date the interested stockholder acquired the shares, whichever is higher. 

A combination is generally defined
to include mergers or consolidations or any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer, or other disposition, in one transaction
or a series of transactions, with an interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder having:
(a) an aggregate market value equal to more than 5 of the aggregate market value of the assets of the corporation, (b) an aggregate market
value equal to more than 5 of the aggregate market value of all outstanding voting shares of the corporation, and (c) more than 10 of
the earning power or net income of the corporation. 

An interested stockholder is generally
defined to mean a beneficial owner of at least 10 of the outstanding voting power or an affiliate or associate of the corporation that
has been a 10 beneficial owner within the preceding 2 years. The statutes could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change
in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire our company even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders
the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 

Acquisition of Controlling Interest Statute 

Nevada s Acquisition of Controlling Interest
Statute (NRS Sections 78.378-78.3793) applies only to Nevada corporations with at least 200 stockholders, including at least 100 stockholders
of record who are Nevada residents, which conduct business directly or indirectly in Nevada and whose articles of incorporation or bylaws
in effect 10 days following the acquisition of a controlling interest by an acquiror do not prohibit its application. As of the date of
this prospectus, we do not believe we have 100 stockholders of record who are residents of Nevada, although there can be no assurance
that in the future the acquisition of controlling interest statutes will not apply to us. 

8 

Nevada s Acquisition of Controlling Interest
Statute, prohibits an acquiror, under certain circumstances, from voting shares of a target corporation s stock after crossing certain
threshold ownership percentages, unless the acquiror obtains the approval of the target corporation s stockholders. The statute
specifies three thresholds that constitute a controlling interest: (a) at least one-fifth but less than one-third; (b) at least one-third
but less than a majority; and (c) a majority or more, of the outstanding voting power. Once an acquiror crosses one of these thresholds,
shares which it acquired in the transaction exceeding the threshold (or within ninety days preceding the date thereof) become control
shares which could be deprived of the right to vote until a majority of the disinterested stockholders restore that right. 

A special stockholders meeting may be called at
the request of the acquiror to consider the voting rights of the acquiror s shares. If the acquiror requests a special meeting and
gives an undertaking to pay the expenses of said meeting, then the meeting must take place no earlier than 30 days (unless the acquiror
requests that the meeting be held sooner) and no more than 50 days (unless the acquiror agrees to a later date) after the delivery by
the acquiror to the corporation of an information statement which sets forth the range of voting power that the acquiror has acquired
or proposes to acquire and certain other information concerning the acquiror and the proposed control share acquisition. 

If no such request for a stockholders meeting
is made, consideration of the voting rights of the acquiror s shares must be taken at the next special or annual stockholders meeting.
If the stockholders fail to restore voting rights to the acquiror, or if the acquiror fails to timely deliver an information statement
to the corporation, then the corporation may, if so provided in its articles of incorporation or bylaws, call certain of the acquiror s
shares for redemption at the average price paid for the control shares by the acquiror. 

In the event the stockholders restore full voting
rights to a holder of control shares that owns a majority of the voting stock, then all other stockholders who do not vote in favor of
restoring voting rights to the control shares may demand payment for the fair value of their shares as determined by a court
in dissenters rights proceeding pursuant to Chapter 92A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent for our common stock is Transfer
Online, Inc. The transfer agent s address is 512 SE Salmon Street, Portland, Oregon 97214 and its telephone number is 503-227-2950. 

9 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.2>
 6
 cardiff_ex0402.htm
 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT ISSUED BY CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION TO SILAC INSURANCE COMPANY ON MAY 21, 2021

Exhibit 4.2 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH. THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA HDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 
Cardiff Lexington Corporation 

Warrant
Shares: 231,481,466 

 Date of Issuance: May
31, 2021 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance of
Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Shares to the Holder (as defined below) of even date (the Preferred Shares ).
SILAC Insurance Company, a Utah corporation (including any permitted and registered assigns, each a Holder ). is entitled,
upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time within five (5) years
after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from Cardiff Lexington Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
 up to 231,481,466 Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant
to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as
of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement, dated May 31, 2021, by and between the Company and
the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defused in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 11 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.015, subject to adjustment
as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period
commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 6:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the five-year anniversary thereof. 

1. EXERCISE
OF WARRANT, 

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part
at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Exercise Notice ). of the Holder's election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the
original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the third Trading Day (the Warrant
Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Company shall have received the Exercise Notice, and upon receipt by the
Company of payment of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or
a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice,
the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise,
in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and dispatch
by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company's share register in
the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise.
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of
record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new
Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior
to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

1 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder wilt have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder's sole discretion, and such failure shall
be deemed an event of default under the Purchase Agreement to the extent any securities issued thereunder remain outstanding and are
held by the Holder. 

If
at any time after the 6-month anniversary of the Issuance Date, the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise
Price and the Warrant Shares are not registered under an effective non-stale registration statement of the Company, the Holder may elect
to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined
in the manner described below (or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and a Notice of Exercise,
in which event the Company shall issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X
= Y (A-B) 

A 

Where X= 
 the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y = 
 the number
 of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such
 calculation). 

A = 
 the Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B = 
 Exercise Price (as adjusted
to the date of such calculation). 

(b) No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

(c) Holder's
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to issuance of Warrant Shares upon exercise as set forth on the applicable
Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder's Affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with the Holder
or any of the Holder's Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, as defined below. For purposes
of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall
exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, non-exercised portion of this
Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted
portion of any other securities, including the Preferred Shares, of the Company (including without limitation any other Common Stock
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph (d), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not
representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible
for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this paragraph applies,
the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any affiliates)
and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of
Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder's determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned
by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. 

2 

For
purposes of this paragraph, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company's most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case
may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or its transfer agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the request of a Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading
Days confirm to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by
the Holder or its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. Upon no fewer than sixty-one (61) days' prior notice to the Company,
a Holder may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph and the provisions of this
paragraph shall continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the sixty-first (61 day after such
notice is delivered to the Company and shall only apply to such Holder and no other Holder. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor Holder of this Warrant. 

2. ADJUSTMENTS.
 The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a) Distribution
of Assets. If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets)
to holders of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution of cash, shares or
other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution ). at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i) any
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a
price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the
Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good
faith by the Company's Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the
Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii) the
number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution
multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that in the event
that the Distribution is of Common Stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on a national securities
exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder may elect to receive a
warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms of which shall be
identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of Other Shares of Common Stock that
would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record
date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased
with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated
in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b) Proportional Adjustments of Outstanding Common Stock and Common Stock Dividends. If the Company shall at any time or from
time to time after the date hereof, issue additional shares of Common Stock to all of its current shareholders on a pro rata basis or
pay a share dividend in Common Stock, then the Exercise Price shall be proportionately adjusted. Any adjustments under this Section 2(b)
shall be effective at the close of business on the date the share split becomes effective or the date of payment of the share dividend,
as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, this adjustment shall not apply when shares of outstanding Common Stock are merged proportionally
across all shareholders to form a smaller number of outstanding shares. 

3 

(c) Anti-dilution Adjustment. If at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company sells or grants (or has sold or
granted, as the case may be) any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or has
sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or
other securities convertible into, exercisable for or otherwise entitles any person or entity the right to acquire Common Stock at an
effective price per share that is lower than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base
Exercise Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (it being agreed that if the
holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset
provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are
issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Exercise
Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the
Exercise Price shall be reduced to a price equal to the Base Exercise Price, and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall
be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price,
shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or
other securities are issued, provided however, that no adjustment will be made under this Section 2(c) in respect of an Exempt Issuance.
For purposes of this Section 2(c), an Exempt Issuance shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase
Agreement. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this Section
2(c) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. 

3. FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTIONS. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another
entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ). (ii) the Company
effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders
of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders of at least
fifty percent (50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any
compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or
property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ).
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of Common Stock of the Successor
Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon, or as a result
of, such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation, or disposition of assets by a holder of the number of Common Stock
for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation on exercise contained herein solely
for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately
adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Common Stock
in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. To the
extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue to the Holder
a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder's right to exercise such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4. NON-CIRCUMVENTION. The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its articles of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, conversion, redomicile, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required
to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value
of any Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions
as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

4 

5. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A SHAREHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself,
shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in
this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or
otherwise) or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

6. REISSUANCE. 

(a) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity
or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new
Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b) issuance
of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant
shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the
same as the Issuance Date. 

7. TRANSFER. 

(a) Notice of Transfer. The Holder agrees that, if practicable, but without any obligation to do so, it will give written notice
to the Company of its intent to transfer this Warrant or any Warrant Shares, describing briefly the manner of any proposed transfer.
Promptly upon receiving such written notice, the Company shall present copies thereof to the Company's counsel. If the proposed transfer
may be effected without registration or qualification (under any federal or state securities laws), the Company, as promptly as practicable,
shall notify the Holder thereof, whereupon the Holder shall be entitled to transfer this Warrant or to dispose of Warrant Shares received
upon the previous exercise of this Warrant, all in accordance with the terms of the notice delivered by the Holder to the Company; provided,
however, that an appropriate legend may be endorsed on this Warrant or the certificates for such Warrant Shares respecting restrictions
upon transfer thereof necessary or advisable in the opinion of counsel and satisfactory to the Company to prevent further transfers which
would be in violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws; and provided further that the prospective
transferee or purchaser shall execute the Assignment of Warrant attached hereto as Exhibit B and such other documents and make
such representations, warranties, and agreements as may be required solely to comply with the exemptions relied upon by the Company for
the transfer or disposition of the Warrant or Warrant Shares. 

(b) If the proposed transfer or disposition of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares described in the written notice given pursuant
to this Section 7 may not be effected without registration, qualification, or other available exemption of or for this Warrant or such
Warrant Shares, the Holder will limit its activities in respect to such transfer or disposition as are permitted by law. 

(c) Any transferee of all or a portion of this Warrant shall succeed to the rights and benefits of the initial Holder of this
Warrant under the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

8. NOTICES.
 Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i) immediately
upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least 20
days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon.
the Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any shares or other securities directly or indirectly convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of Common Stock or (C) for determining
rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall
be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 

5 

9. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER. The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) only with the written consent of each of the Company and the Holder. 

10. GOVERNING
LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by arid construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Warrant shall
be brought only in the state courts or federal courts located in Rockland County, New York. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably
waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT
TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR TILE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING 0 - UT OF THIS WARRANT
OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's
fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is declared invalid
or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may
conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid
or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with
this Warrant or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement, or otherwise provided, and
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be
deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

11. ACCEPTANCE.
 Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. 

12. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Nasdaq 
means the Nasdaq Stock Market (www.Nasdaq.com). 

(b) Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security
on the Principal Market, as reported by Nasdaq, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not
designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq,
or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported
by Nasdaq, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets or any other similar domestic or foreign exchange. lithe Closing Sale Price cannot
be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date
shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted
for any share dividend, share split, share combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c) Common Stock means the Common Stock of the Company and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d) Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred shares, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e) Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange or over the counter market on which the Common
Stock are then traded. 

6 

(f) Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the thirty (30) Trading Days prior to
the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(g) Trading
Dav means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market, (ii) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs on any over-the-counter
markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day. 

(h) National
Securities Exchange means a securities exchange that has registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section
6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

[signature
page follows] 

7 

I N
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

Cardiff Lexington Corporation 

/s/ Alex Cunningham 

 Name: Alex Cunningham 

 Title: CEO 

8 

EXHIBIT A 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

(To be executed
by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE UNDERSIGNED holder hereby
exercises the right to purchase________________________________________ of the Common Stock Warrant Shares of Cardiff
Lexington Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the Company ). evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase
Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth
in the Warrant. 

1. Form
of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

q 
 a cash exercise with respect to_________________ Warrant Shares: or 

 q 
 by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price. If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise
Price in the sum of _____________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company
 shall deliver to the holder _____________ Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date:___________________________ 

(Print Name of Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title 

9 

EXHIBIT
B 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To be signed
only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto____________________________ the right to
purchase _________________ Common Stock of Cardiff Lexington Corporation, a Nevada corporation, to which the within Common Stock
Purchase Warrant relates and appoints________________________________, as attorney- in-fact, to transfer said right
on the books of Cardiff Lexington Corporation with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such
transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Date:___________________________ 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification
No.) 

The signature
on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular
without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity,
please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

10 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.2>
 7
 cardiff_ex1002.htm
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED SEPTEMBER 22, 2022

Exhibit 10.2 

SECURITIES Exchange
and Purchase AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES EXCHANGE AND
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made as of September 22, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by
and among Cardiff Lexington Corporation , a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Nevada CDIX ,
and the undersigned entities, each of which is a subsidiary of CDIX (referred to hereinafter collectively with CDIX as the Company ),
and Leonite Capital LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Purchaser ). 

Recitals 

A. 
 WHEREAS, the Purchaser owns certain outstanding Convertible Promissory Notes, issued by the
Company and payable to the Purchaser, described on Exhibit A , (the Exchanged Notes ). 

B. 
 WHEREAS, the Purchaser owns certain outstanding warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock Common Shares ), issued by the Company and held by the Purchaser (the Existing Warrants ). 

C. 
 WHEREAS, the Purchaser and the Company have determined that it is in the best interests of the Company
that the Holder tender the Exchanged Notes in exchange for new securities of the Company, including (i) a Consolidated Senior Secured
Convertible Promissory Note, of even date herewith, in the principal amount of 2,600,000, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Consolidated Note ), and (ii) 1,500,000 shares of Series X Senior Convertible Preferred Shares (the
 Preferred Shares ), the certificate of designation, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Designation ,
each of which shall be issued pursuant to this
Agreement. 

D. 
 WHEREAS, the Purchaser d esires to extend the exercise period of the Existing Warrants. 

E. 
 WHEREAS, the Purchaser further desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser,
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, one or more Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes of the Company, and
together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with
the terms thereof, each in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D , (each such note individually a Note and
collectively, the Notes ), each of which
shall be issued pursuant to this Agreement, and upon the terms and subject
to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Notes; 

F. 
 WHEREAS, the Company wishes to issue to the Purchaser, as additional consideration for the purchase of each of the Notes, warrants
to purchase Common Stock, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Warrants ),
 which shall be issued pursuant to this Agreement. 

G. 
 WHEREAS, The Company and the Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities
registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule
506(b) promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Act; 

Agreement 

Now,
Therefore , in consideration of the foregoing, and the representations, warranties, covenants and conditions set forth below,
the Company and the Purchaser, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. 
 Exchange and Purchase of Securities 

1.1 
 Exchange of Exchanged Notes for Consolidated Note . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement, Purchaser shall tender to the Company, the Exchanged Notes. In exchange for the Purchaser tendering to the Company the
Exchanged Notes, the Company shall issue to Purchaser (i) the Consolidated Note, and (ii) the Preferred Shares. 

1 

1.2 
 Purchase of Notes and Warrants. 

(a) 
 Purchase Price . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, for consideration of cash in the
amount which shall be determined in the future at the discretion of the Purchaser with respect to each Note, and which shall be set forth
in each of the Notes and the documents executed in connection to the issuance thereof (with respect to each Note, the Purchase
Price ), the Purchaser agrees to subscribe for and purchase from the Company on the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), and
the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Purchaser, the Notes and the Warrants. The Purchaser shall be permitted to withhold legal
fees of up to one percent (1 of the Principal Amount (defined below) from the Purchase Price paid for each Note. 

(b) 
 Principal Amount . Each Note shall specify the principal amount of such Note (with respect to each Note, the Principal
Amount ). Each Note carries an original issue discount, equal to twenty five percent (25 of the Principal Amount (the OID ),
to cover the Purchaser s accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection
with the purchase and sale of such Note, which is included in the Principal Amount and shall be specified in each Note. Thus, the purchase
price of each Note shall be computed by subtracting the OID from the Principal Amount. 

(c) 
 Warrants . With respect to each Note, Purchaser shall receive as additional consideration in exchange for the Purchase Price,
Warrants for the exercise of a number of Common Shares equal to two hundred percent (200 times the number of Common Shares that would
be issued upon full conversion of such Note. 

1.3 
 Extension of Existing Warrants . As of the Effective Date, the exercise period of the Existing Warrants shall
be extended to the later of the expiration of the through original exercise period or the date that is two (2) years following the Effective
Date. 

2. Closing and Delivery 

2.1 
 Closing . Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and
Section 7 below, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall take place
on the dates described below (each, a Closing Date ). 

(a) 
 Consolidated Note . With respect to the exchange of the Exchanged Notes for the Consolidated Note, the Closing shall take
place on the date that the Company executes and issues to the Holder the Consolidated Note. From and after such Closing, the Exchanged
Notes shall automatically be deemed tendered by the Purchaser to the Company and thereby terminated. 

(b) 
 Notes and Warrants. With respect to each purchase of a Note and related Warrants, the Closing shall take place on the date
that the Company executes and issues to the Holder such Note, Warrants, and other related documents in connection thereto, but no earlier
than the date that Purchaser pays the respective Purchase Price. 

2.2 
 Delivery . On each Closing Date, or as promptly as commercially reasonable thereafter, the Purchaser and the Company
shall deliver, at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures), the executed documents
described above, and the Purchase shall deliver the Purchase Price (but only with respect to a Closing for the purchase of a Note and
Warrant), by wire transfer of any method of payment as may be agreed to by the parties 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company 

Except as set forth in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedule delivered to the Purchaser concurrently herewith and attached hereto as Schedule I 
(the Disclosure Schedule or as disclosed in the Disclosure Materials (as defined below), the Company, its Subsidiaries,
Officers, Directors, and Affiliates, hereby makes the following representations and warranties as of the date hereof and as of each Closing
Date to the Purchaser: 

2 

3.1 
 Organization, Good Standing and Qualification . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) is
a corporation or limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power to own and operate its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is
duly qualified and is authorized to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in all jurisdictions in which the nature
of its activities and of its properties (both owned and leased) makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in (i) a material adverse effect
on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Subscription Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
assets, business or financial condition of Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) adversely impair the Company s
ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Subscription Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii),
a Material Adverse Effect ). 

3.2 
 Corporate Power . The Company has all requisite corporate power: (i) to execute and deliver this Agreement, (ii)
to issue the Consolidated Note, the Preferred Shares, the Notes, the Warrants, (iii) to issue any shares of Common Stock to be acquired
upon the conversion of, the or exercise of, any of the foregoing, (the Underlying Securities and collectively with
the Consolidated Note, the Preferred Shares, the Notes, and the Warrants, the Securities ), and (iv) to enter into
and deliver the security and pledge agreement of even date herewith (the Security and Pledge Agreement ), a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit F , and the other instruments, documents and agreements being entered into at each Closing (each
a Subscription Document and collectively, the Subscription Documents and to carry out and perform
its obligations under the terms of the Subscription Documents. 

3.3 
 Subsidiaries and Affiliates . Section 3.3 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and correct description
of all of the Company s Subsidiaries and Affiliates and the capitalization (including options, warrants and other such equity),
pro forma as of the date hereof reflecting all pending acquisitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Subsidiary 
means, with respect to the Company, any corporation or other entity of which at least a majority of the outstanding shares of stock or
other ownership interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or persons
performing similar functions) of such corporation or entity (regardless of whether or not at the time, in the case of a corporation, stock
of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency)
is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Company or one or more of its Affiliates and the term Affiliate 
means, as to any person (the Subject Person ), any other person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
controls or is controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common control with, the Subject Person. For the purposes of this definition,
 control when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly
or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, through representation on such person s board of directors or
other management committee or group, by contract or otherwise. All references contained herein to the terms Subsidiary or Affiliate, shall
be applicable to all Subsidiaries and Affiliates whether they existed as of the date hereof or were created, acquired, or otherwise came
to be included in the foregoing terms subsequent to the date hereof. 

3.4 
 Authorization . All corporate action on the part of the Company, its directors and its stockholders necessary
for the authorization of the Subscription Documents and the execution, delivery and performance of all obligations of the Company under
the Subscription Documents, including, but not limited to, the issuance and delivery of the Securities, has been taken or will be taken
prior to the issuance of such Securities. The Subscription Documents, when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute valid
and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to laws of general application relating to
bankruptcy, insolvency, the relief of debtors and, with respect to rights to indemnity, subject to federal and state securities laws.
The Underlying Securities, when issued in compliance with the provisions of the Subscription Documents, will be, validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable and free of any liens, encumbrances, security interests or other adverse claim (a Lien and
issued in compliance with all applicable federal and securities laws. 

3.5 
 Governmental Consents . Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other foreign, federal, state, local or other governmental
authority or other person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Subscription Documents, other
than (a) applicable Blue Sky filings, (b) such as have already been obtained or such exemptive filings as are required to be made under
applicable securities laws, (c) such other filings that have been made pursuant to applicable state securities laws and post-sale filings
pursuant to applicable state and federal securities laws which the Company undertakes to file within the applicable time periods. Subject
to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section 4 hereof, the Company has taken all action
necessary to exempt: (i) the issuance and sale of the Note, (ii) the issuance of the Warrant, (iii) the issuance of the Equity Interest,
(iv) the issuance of the Underlying Securities upon due conversion of the Note and due exercise of the Warrant, and (v) the other transactions
contemplated by the Subscription Documents from the provisions of any preemptive rights, stockholder rights plan or other poison
pill arrangement, any anti-takeover, business combination or control share law or statute binding on the Company or to which the
Company or any of its assets and properties may be subject and any provision of the Company s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,
or other organizational documentation, as the case may be, that is or could reasonably be expected to become applicable to the Purchaser
as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation, the issuance of the Securities and the ownership, disposition
or voting of the Securities by the Purchaser or the exercise of any right granted to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or the other
Subscription Documents. 

3 

3.6 
 Compliance with Laws . Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any applicable statute, rule, regulation,
order or restriction of any domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or agency thereof in respect of the conduct of its business
or the ownership of its properties, which violation would materially and adversely affect the business, assets, liabilities, financial
condition or operations of Company and its Subsidiaries. 

3.7 
 Compliance with Other Instruments . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation or default of
any term of its organizational documents, or of any provision of any mortgage, indenture or contract to which it is a party and by which
it is bound or of any judgment, decree, order or writ, other than such violations that would not individually or in the aggregate have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Except as set forth in Section 3.7 of the Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance
of the Subscription Documents, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Documents will not result in
any such violation or be in conflict with, or constitute, with or without the passage of time and giving of notice, either a default under
any such provision, instrument, judgment, decree, order or writ or an event that results in the creation of any Lien upon any assets of
the Company or the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, its business or operations or any of its assets or properties. The sale of the Note,
the issuance of the Warrant and the subsequent issuance of the Underlying Securities are not and will not be subject to any preemptive
rights or rights of first refusal that have not been properly waived or complied with. 

3.8 
 Offering . Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 4
hereof, the offer, issue, and sale of Securities are and will be exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of
the Securities Act, and have been registered or qualified (or are exempt from registration and qualification) under the registration,
permit, or qualification requirements of all applicable state securities laws. No bad actor disqualifying event described
in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event is applicable to the Company or, to
the Company s knowledge, any person listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act, except for a Disqualification
Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii iv) or (d)(3), is applicable. 

3.9 
 Capitalization . Company has authorized shares as set forth in Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule. All outstanding
shares of capital stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and have been issued in compliance with all
applicable securities laws. Except for the Securities or as otherwise set forth in Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no
outstanding options, warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities,
rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any person any right to subscribe for or acquire,
any shares of common stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which Company or any Subsidiary is or may become
bound to issue additional shares of common stock, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of common stock. Except
for the Securities or as otherwise set forth in Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no price based anti-dilution or price
adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) and the issue
and sale of the Securities will not obligate Company to issue shares of common stock or other securities to any person (other than the
Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company s securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or
reset price under such securities. Except as set forth in Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of
each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights. 

3.10 
 SEC Reports; Financial Statements . Except as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company
has filed all reports and registration statements required to be filed by it under either (i) the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or (ii)
the Alternative Reporting Standard as offered by OTC Markets Group, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period
as the Company was required by law to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto, being collectively
referred to herein as the SEC Reports and, together with the Disclosure Schedule to this Agreement, the Disclosure
Materials ). As of their respective dates, the Disclosure Materials complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, or the Alternative
Reporting Standard as applicable, and none of the Disclosure Materials, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except as indicated in Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Schedule, the financial
statements of the Company included in the Disclosure Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and
the rules and regulations of the Commission or OTC Markets as applicable, with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during
the periods involved GAAP ), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto
and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects
the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

4 

3.11 
 Material Changes. Since the date of the latest financial statements, (i) there has been no event, occurrence
or development that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or that could result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has
not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company s financial statements
pursuant to GAAP or required to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting
or the identity of its auditors, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its
stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, and (v) the Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock-based plans or agreements. 

3.12 
 Litigation . Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of the Disclosure Schedule, there is no action, suit, inquiry,
notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory
authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action which: (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Subscription Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by governmental authority, or any litigation civil or otherwise, involving the Company or any current or former director
or officer of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

3.13 
 Labor Relations . Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreements
or other agreements with labor organizations. Neither Company nor any Subsidiary has violated in any material respect any laws, regulations,
orders or contract terms, affecting the collective bargaining rights of employees, labor organizations or any laws, regulations or orders
affecting employment discrimination, equal opportunity employment, or employees health, safety, welfare, wages and hours. No material
labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company which could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.14 
 Regulatory Permits . Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued
by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where
the failure to possess such permits would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect Material
Permits ), and neither Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit. 

3.15 
 Title to Assets. Except as set forth in Section 3.15 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company and the Subsidiaries
have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them that is material to the business of Company and the Subsidiaries
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by Company and the Subsidiaries and Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under
lease by Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases of which Company and the Subsidiaries
are in compliance. 

3.16 
 Taxes. 

(a) 
 Except as otherwise itemized in Section 3.16 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company and its Subsidiaries have timely and properly
filed all tax returns required to be filed by them for all years and periods (and portions thereof) for which any such tax returns were
due, except where the failure to so file would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all such filed tax returns are accurate in all material
respects; the Company has timely paid all taxes due and payable (whether or not shown on filed tax returns), except where the failure
to so pay would not have a Material Adverse Effect; there are no pending assessments, asserted deficiencies or claims for additional taxes
that have not been paid; the reserves for taxes, if any, reflected in the financial statements are adequate, and there are no Liens for
taxes on any property or assets of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries (other than Liens for taxes not yet due and payable); there
have been no audits or examinations of any tax returns by any (a) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality,
district or other jurisdiction of any nature; (b) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government; or (c) governmental or
quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental or administrative division, department, agency, commission, instrumentality,
official, organization, unit, body or entity) and any court or other tribunal (a Governmental Body ), and the Company
or its Subsidiaries have not received any notice that such audit or examination is pending or contemplated; no claim has been made by
any Governmental Body in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not file tax returns that it is or may be subject
to taxation by that jurisdiction; to the knowledge of the Company, no state of facts exists or has existed which would constitute grounds
for the assessment of any penalty or any further tax liability beyond that shown on the respective tax returns; and there are no outstanding
agreements or waivers extending the statutory period of limitation for the assessment or collection of any tax. 

5 

(b) 
 Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any tax-sharing agreement or similar arrangement with any
other Person. 

(c) 
 The Company has made all necessary disclosures required by Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4. The Company has not been
a participant in a reportable transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b). 

(d) 
 No payment or benefit paid or provided, or to be paid or provided, to current or former employees, directors or other service
providers of the Company will fail to be deductible for federal income tax purposes under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code ). 

3.17 
 Patents and Trademarks. Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and other similar rights that are necessary or material
for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights ). Neither Company nor any Subsidiary
has received a written notice that the Intellectual Property Rights used by Company or any Subsidiary violates or infringes upon the rights
of any Person. All such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable. Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect
Company s and its Subsidiaries rights in their Intellectual Property Rights and confidential information (the Confidential
Information ). Each employee, consultant and contractor who has had access to Confidential Information which is necessary for
the conduct of Company s and each of its Subsidiaries respective businesses as currently conducted or as currently proposed
to be conducted has executed an agreement to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information and has executed appropriate
agreements that are substantially consistent with the Company s standard forms thereof. Except under confidentiality obligations,
there has been no material disclosure of any of Company s or its Subsidiaries Confidential Information to any third party. 

3.18 
 Environmental Matters. Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any statute, rule, regulation, decision
or order of any Governmental Body relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection
or restoration of the environment or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental Laws ),
owns or operates any real property contaminated with any substance that is subject to any Environmental Laws, is liable for any off-site
disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, or is subject to any claim relating to any Environmental Laws, which violation,
contamination, liability or claim has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate;
and there is no pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened investigation that might lead to such a claim. 

3.19 
 Insurance. Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against
such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged.
Neither Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and
when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a
significant increase in cost. 

3.20 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed in the Company s audited financial statements
or the Disclosure Materials, none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees
of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers
and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for
rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or,
to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer,
director, trustee or partner, other than (a) for payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (b) reimbursement for expenses
incurred on behalf of the Company and (c) for other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of
Company. 

3.21 
 Brokers and Finders . Except as otherwise itemized in Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Schedule, no person will
have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon Company,
any Subsidiary or the Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
entered into by or on behalf of the Company. 

6 

3.22 
 Questionable Payments . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge, any
of their respective current or former stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents or other persons acting on behalf of Company
or any Subsidiary, has on behalf of Company or any Subsidiary or in connection with their respective businesses: (a) used any corporate
funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (b) made any direct
or indirect unlawful payments to any governmental officials or employees from corporate funds; (c) established or maintained any unlawful
or unrecorded fund of corporate monies or other assets; (d) made any false or fictitious entries on the books and records of Company or
any Subsidiary; or (e) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment of any nature. 

3.23 
 Solvency. The Company has not (a) made a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (b) filed any voluntary
petition in bankruptcy or suffered the filing of any involuntary petition by its creditors; (c) suffered the appointment of a receiver
to take possession of all, or substantially all, of its assets; (d) suffered the attachment or other judicial seizure of all, or substantially
all, of its assets; (e) admitted in writing its inability to pay its debts as they come due; or (f) made an offer of settlement, extension
or composition to its creditors generally. 

3.24 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company,
any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has, directly or indirectly: (a) used any funds,
or will use any proceeds from the sale of the Securities, for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
related to foreign or domestic political activity, (b) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees
or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (c) failed to disclose fully any contribution made
by Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or made by any person acting on their behalf of which the Company is aware) or any members of their
respective management which is in violation of any legal requirement, or (d) has violated in any material respect any provision of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder which was applicable to Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. 

3.25 
 Disclosures. Neither the Company nor any person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents
or counsel with any information that constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information, other than the terms of the transactions
contemplated hereby. The written materials delivered to the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Subscription
Documents do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

3.26 
 Transfer Agent. Company represents and warrants that it will not replace its transfer agents without Purchaser s
permission so long as the Note is outstanding. Company acknowledges that this is extremely material to the Note and the investment is
made based on the assumption that this will not happen. 

3.27 
 Shell Company Status . Set forth in Schedule 3.27 of the Disclosure Schedule is the Company s representation
as to its Shell Company status under Rule 144. 

3.28 
 Notice of Material Changes . The Company agrees and acknowledges that so long as any obligations of the Company
under any of the Subscription Documents shall exist, it shall be obligated to provide Notice to the Purchaser in the event of a material
change to any representation or disclosure in any of the Subscription Documents, including but not limited to, the disclosures on the
Disclosure Schedule, and failure to provide such notice shall be a breach of this Agreement and an Event of Default under Section 4.3
of the Note. 

4. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser 

4.1 
 Purchase for Own Account . The Purchaser represents that it is acquiring the Securities for its own account. 

4.2 
 Information and Sophistication . Without lessening or obviating the representations and warranties of the Company
set forth in Section 3, the Purchaser hereby: (a) acknowledges that it has received all the information it has requested from the
Company and it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to acquire the Securities, (b) represents that it has had an opportunity
to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and to obtain
any additional information necessary to verify the accuracy of the information given the Purchaser and (c) further represents that it
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of this investment . 

7 

4.3 
 Ability to Bear Economic Risk . The Purchaser acknowledges that investment in the Securities involves a high degree
of risk, and represents that it is able, without materially impairing its financial condition, to hold the Securities for an indefinite
period of time and to suffer a complete loss of its investment. 

4.4 
 Accredited Investor Status . The Purchaser is an accredited investor as such term is defined in
Rule 501 under the Act. 

4.5 
 Existence; Authorization . The Purchaser is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the state of its organization, having full power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its
business as conducted. The principal place of business of the Purchaser is as shown on the Accredited Investor Questionnaire. The Purchaser
has the requisite power and authority to deliver this Agreement, perform its obligations set forth herein, and consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The Purchaser has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and has obtained the necessary authorization to execute
and deliver this Agreement and to perform his, her or its obligations herein and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement, assuming the due execution and delivery hereof by the Company, is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable
against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms. 

4.6 
 No Regulatory Approval . The Purchaser understands that no state or federal authority has scrutinized this Agreement
or the Securities offered pursuant hereto, has made any finding or determination relating to the fairness for investment in the Securities,
or has recommended or endorsed the Securities, and that the Securities has not been registered or qualified under the Act or any state
securities laws, in reliance upon exemptions from registration thereunder. The Securities may not, in whole or in part, be resold, transferred,
assigned or otherwise disposed of unless it is registered under the Act or an exemption from registration is available, and unless the
proposed disposition is in compliance with the restrictions on transferability under federal and state securities laws. 

4.7 
 Purchaser Received Independent Advice . The Purchaser confirms that the Purchaser has been advised to consult
with the Purchaser s independent attorney regarding legal matters concerning the Company and to consult with independent tax advisers
regarding the tax consequences of investing in the Company. The Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser understands that any anticipated
United States federal or state income tax benefits may not be available and, further, may be adversely affected through adoption of new
laws or regulations or amendments to existing laws or regulations. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Company is providing
no warranty or assurance regarding the ultimate availability of any tax benefits to the Purchaser by reason of the subscription. 

4.8 
 Legends . The Purchaser understands that until such time as the Securities have been registered under the Securities
Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the Securities Act or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of
securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the
following form (and a stop- transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities): 

NEITHER THE
ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE OR
EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY
NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE PURCHASER), IN A GENERALLY
ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A OR REGULATION S
UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN
OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

5. Further Agreements; Post-Closing Covenants 

5.1 
 Notes and Warrants . Upon the advance of the Purchase Price with respect to any Note by Purchaser to the Company,
Company shall issue to Purchaser the respective Note and Warrants. 

8 

5.2 
 Intentionally Omitted . 

5.3 
 Use of Proceeds . Company agrees to use the proceeds of the first Tranche solely for the following purposes: to
pursue an underwritten public offering and for general working capital purposes. 

5.4 
 Form D; Blue Sky Laws . Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof to the Purchaser promptly after such filing. Company shall take such action as Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Purchaser at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under
applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Purchaser on or prior to the initial closing. 

5.5 
 Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner
whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted,
now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Purchaser in order to enforce
any right or remedy under the Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in the Note, it is expressly agreed and
provided that the total liability of the Company under the Note for payments which under Delaware law are in the nature of interest shall
not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the
foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under
Delaware law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed
that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by Delaware law and applicable to the Note is increased or decreased by statute
or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the
Maximum Rate applicable to the Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. 
If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Purchaser with respect to
indebtedness evidenced by the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness
or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Purchaser s election. 

5.6 
 Registration Rights . 

(a) 
 Piggy-Back Registration . Company shall give the Purchaser at least 30 days prior written notice of each filing by
Company of a registration statement (other than a registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or on any successor forms thereto), with
the SEC. If requested by the Purchaser in writing within 20 days after receipt of any such notice, Company shall, at Company s sole
expense (other than the underwriting discounts, if any, payable in respect of the shares sold by the Purchaser), register or otherwise
include all or, at Purchaser s option, any portion of the Underlying Securities, concurrently with the registration of such other
securities, all to the extent requisite to permit the public offering and sale of the Underlying Securities through the securities exchange,
if any, on which the shares of common stock is being sold or on the over-the-counter market, and will use its reasonable best efforts
through its officers, directors, auditors, and counsel to cause such registration statement to become effective as promptly as practicable. 

(b) 
 In the event of a registration pursuant to these provisions, Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Underlying
Securities so registered to be registered or qualified for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Purchaser
may reasonably request; provided, however, that Company shall not be required to qualify to do business in any state by reason of this
section in which it is not otherwise required to qualify to do business. 

(c) 
 Company shall keep effective any registration or qualification contemplated by this section and shall from time to time amend or
supplement each applicable registration statement, preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, application, document and communication for
such period of time as shall be required to permit the Purchaser to complete the offer and sale of the Underlying Securities covered thereby. 

9 

(d) 
 In the event of a registration pursuant to the provisions of this section, Company shall furnish to the Purchaser such reasonable
number of copies of the registration statement and of each amendment and supplement thereto (in each case, including all exhibits), of
each prospectus contained in such registration statement and each supplement or amendment thereto (including each preliminary prospectus),
all of which shall conform to the requirements of the Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and such other documents, as the Purchaser
may reasonably request to facilitate the disposition of the Underlying Securities included in such registration. 

(e) 
 Company shall notify the Purchaser within three (3) business days after such registration statement has become effective or a supplement
to any prospectus forming a part of such registration statement has been filed. 

(f) 
 Company shall advise the Purchaser within three (3) business days after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge of the issuance
of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such registration statement, or the initiation or threatening of any
proceeding for that purpose and within three (3) business days take action using its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of
any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued. 

(g) 
 Company shall within three (3) business days notify the Purchaser at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is required to
be delivered under the Securities Act of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such registration
statement, as then in effect, would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then existing, and at the reasonable
request of the Purchaser prepare and furnish to it such number of copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may
be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of such Underlying Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading in the light of the circumstances under which they were made. The Purchaser shall suspend all sales of the Underlying Securities
upon receipt of such notice from Company and shall not re-commence sales until they receive copies of any necessary amendment or supplement
to such prospectus, which shall be delivered to the Purchaser within 30 days of the date of such notice from Company. 

5.7 
 Legal Counsel Opinions . 

(a) 
 Upon the request of the Purchaser from to time to time, but in any case no more than once every two (2) weeks (which limit shall
apply to legal opinions requested by Purchase with respect to each Security), Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly
supplying to Company s transfer agent and the Purchaser a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel
Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Underlying Securities by the Purchaser or its affiliates, successors and assigns
is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied
and provided the Underlying Securities are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement).
Should Company s legal counsel fail for any reason to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, the Purchaser may (at Company s cost)
secure another legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion.
Company shall not impede the removal by its stock transfer agent of the restricted legend from any common stock certificate upon receipt
by the transfer agent of a Rule 144 Opinion Letter. 

5.8 
 Listing . Company will, within 90 days of the Effective Date, list its Common Stock on the OTC Pink or any equivalent
exchange or electronic quotation system, other than the OTC s Expert Market , and will comply in all respects with Company s
reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, and such exchanges,
as applicable, as well as with the SEC, and so long as the Purchaser owns any of the Securities, maintain such listing and trading of
its Common Stock. Company shall promptly provide to the Purchaser copies of any notices it receives from the OTC and any other exchanges
or electronic quotation systems on which the common stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the common stock for listing
on such exchanges and quotation systems. 

10 

5.9 
 Information and Observer Rights . 

(a) 
 As long as the Purchaser owns at least five percent (5 of the Securities originally purchased hereunder, Company covenants to
timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by
Company pursuant to the Exchange Act. As long as the Purchaser owns at least five percent (5 of the Securities originally purchased
hereunder, if Company is not required to file reports pursuant to such laws, it will prepare and furnish to the Purchaser and simultaneously
make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the Purchaser to sell the Securities under
Rule 144. Company further covenants that it will take such further action as any holder of Securities may reasonably request, all to the
extent required from time to time to enable the Purchaser to sell the Securities without registration under the Securities Act within
the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144. If, after the Company becomes a fully reporting company subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, the Company fails to remain current in its reporting obligations or to provide currently publicly available
information in accordance with Rule 144(c) and such failure extends for a period of more than fifteen Trading Days (the date which such
fifteen Trading Day-period is exceeded, being referred to as Event Date ), then in addition to any other rights the
Purchaser may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date
(if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the information failure is cured, Company shall pay to the Purchaser
an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to one percent (1 of purchase price paid for the Securities
held by the Purchaser at the Event Date. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro-rata basis
for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an information failure (except in the case of the first Event Date). 

(b) 
 As long as the Purchaser owns at least five percent (5 of the Securities, if the Purchaser notifies Company that it wishes to
attend meetings of Company s Board of Directors, Company shall invite a designated representative of the Purchaser to attend all
meetings of Company s Board of Directors in a nonvoting observer capacity and, in this respect, and subject to the Purchaser s
having informed Company that it wishes to attend, Company shall give such representative copies of all notices, minutes, consents, and
other materials that it provides to its directors at the same time and in the same manner as provided to such directors; provided ,
 however , that such representative shall agree to hold in confidence and trust and to act in a fiduciary manner with respect to
all information so provided; and provided further , that Company reserves the right to withhold any information and to exclude such
representative from any meeting or portion thereof if access to such information or attendance at such meeting could adversely affect
the attorney-client privilege between Company and its counsel or result in disclosure of trade secrets or a conflict of interest. 

5.10 
 Confidentiality. The Purchaser agrees that the it will keep confidential and will not disclose, divulge, or
use for any purpose (other than to monitor its investment in the Company) the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any confidential
information obtained from the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including notice of Company s intention to file
a registration statement), unless such confidential information (a) is known or becomes known to the public in general (other than as
a result of a breach of this Section 5.10 by the Purchaser), (b) is or has been independently developed or conceived by the Purchaser
without use of the Company s confidential information, or (c) is or has been made known or disclosed to the Purchaser by a third
party without a breach of any obligation of confidentiality such third party may have to the Company; provided, however, that the Purchaser
may disclose confidential information (i) to its attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other professionals to the extent necessary
to obtain their services in connection with monitoring its investment in the Company; (ii) to any prospective purchaser of any Securities
from the Purchaser, if such prospective purchaser agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section 5.10; (iii) to any existing or
prospective affiliate, partner, member, stockholder, or wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser in the ordinary course of business,
provided that the Purchaser informs such person that such information is confidential and directs such person to maintain the confidentiality
of such information; or (iv) as may otherwise be required by law, provided that the Purchaser notifies the Company within three (3) business
days of such disclosure and takes reasonable steps to minimize the extent of any such required disclosure. 

5.11 
 Restrictions on Activities . 

(a) 
 Commencing as of the date first above written, and so long as the Company has an obligation under the Note, the Company shall not,
directly or indirectly, without the Purchaser s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change
the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of
business; (c) solicit any offers for, respond to any unsolicited offers for, or conduct any negotiations with any other person or entity
in respect of any Variable Rate Transactions (defined below); (d) accept a Merchant-Cash-Advance in which it sells future receivables
at a discount or any other factoring transactions, or similar financing instruments or financing transactions, whether a transaction similar
to the one contemplated hereby or any other investment; or (e) Enter into a borrowing arrangement where the Company pays an effective
APR greater than 20 . 

11 

(b) 
 Unless approved by the Purchaser, Company and each Subsidiary shall not enter into an agreement
or amend an existing agreement to effect any sale of securities involving, or convert any securities previously issued under, a Variable
Rate Transaction or a merchant cash advance transaction in which it sells future receivables at a discount, or a substantially similar
transaction. The term Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which Company or any Subsidiary (i) issues
or sells any convertible securities either (A) at a conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies
with the trading prices of, or quotations for, the shares of common stock at any time after the initial issuance of such convertible securities,
or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of
such convertible securities or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of
Company or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, or the market for the common stock, other than pursuant to a customary weighted
average anti-dilution provisions, or (ii) enters into any agreement (including, without limitation, an equity line of credit 
or an at-the-market offering whereby Company or any Subsidiary may sell securities at a future determined price (other
than standard and customary preemptive or participation rights). The Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain
injunctive relief against Company and its Subsidiaries to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to
collect damages. 

5.12 
 Sale of Assets; Issuance of Equity or Debt . Should Company sell any material assets, or issue any equity, debt,
or other security, including the sale of any Subsidiary, the Purchaser shall have the right to be repaid on any outstanding amount owed
under the Securities from the proceeds of any such sale or offering, based on the applicable repayment terms stated in such Security,
but if a Security provides no terms with respect to the repayment of the amounts owed from the proceeds of such sale or offering, then
Purchaser shall have the right to be repaid on any outstanding amount owed under the Securities by up to 100 of the proceeds of any such
sale or offering. 

5.13 
 Right of Participation . For a period of two (2) years from the date hereof, in the event Company or any Subsidiary
proposes to offer and sell its securities, whether in the form of debt, Equity Financing (defined below), or any other financing transaction
(each a Future Offering ), the Purchaser shall have the right, but not the obligation, to participate in the purchase
of the securities being offered up to an amount equal to the principal amount or tated amount with respect to any Security (the Participation
Right ). For the avoidance of doubt, an Equity Financing shall mean Company s or its Subsidiary s
sale of its common stock or any securities conferring the right to purchase Company s or Subsidiary s common stock or securities
convertible into, or exchangeable for (with or without additional consideration), shares of the Company s or Subsidiary s
common stock. In connection with each Participation Right, Company shall provide written notice
to the Purchaser of the terms and conditions of the Future Financing at least ten business days prior to the anticipated first closing
of such Future Financing (the FF Notice ). If the Purchaser shall elect to exercise its Participation Right, it shall
notify Company, in writing, of such election at least five business days prior to the anticipated closing date set forth in the FF Notice
(the Participation Notice ). In the event the Purchaser does not return a Participation Notice to Company within such
five-business day period, the Participation Right granted hereunder shall terminate and be of no further force and effect; provided, however,
that such Participation Right shall be reinstated if the anticipated closing referenced in the FF Notice does not occur prior to thirty
business days following the anticipated first closing date specified in such FF notice. 

5.14 
 Right of First Refusal . So long as the Company shall have any obligation under the Securities or the Subscription
Documents, but in any case for a period of no less than eighteen (18) months from the date hereof, if the Company or any Subsidiary has
a bona fide offer of capital or financing from any third party that the Company or any Subsidiary intends to act upon, other than an underwritten
initial public offering of the Common Shares, then the Company must first offer such opportunity to the Purchaser to provide such capital
or financing to the Company or Subsidiary on the same terms as each respective third party s terms. Should the Purchaser be unwilling
or unable to provide such capital or financing to the Company or Subsidiary within 10 Trading Days from Purchaser s receipt of written
notice of the offer (the Offer Notice from the Company, then the Company or Subsidiary may obtain such capital or
financing from that respective third party upon the exact same terms and conditions offered by the Company to the Purchaser, which transaction
must be completed within 60 days after the date of the Offer Notice. If the Company or Subsidiary does not receive the capital or financing
from the respective 3 rd party within 60 days after the date of the respective Offer Notice, then the Company must again offer
the capital or financing opportunity to the Purchaser as described above, and the process detailed above shall be repeated. The Offer
Notice must be sent via electronic mail to avi@leonitecap.com Cc: dberger@bergerlawpllc.com. 

12 

5.15 
 Terms of Future Financings . So long as any obligations of the Company under the Securities or the Subscription
Documents are outstanding, upon any issuance of (or announcement of intent to effect an issuance of) any security, or amendment to (or
announcement of intent to effect an amendment to) any security that was originally issued before the Issue Date, by the Company or any
Subsidiary, with any term that the Purchaser reasonably believes is more favorable to the Purchaser of such security than to the Purchaser
in the Securities or the Subscription Documents, or with a term in favor of the Purchaser of such security that the Purchaser reasonably
believes was not similarly provided to the Purchaser in the Securities or the Subscription Documents, then (i) the Company shall notify
the Purchaser of such additional or more favorable term within three (3) business days of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable)
of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at Purchaser s option, shall become a part of the Securities or the Subscription
Documents with the Purchaser (regardless of whether the Company complied with the notification provision of this Section 3.12). The types
of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the Purchaser of such security include, but are not limited to, terms
addressing conversion price, conversion price discounts and adjustments, prepayment rate, conversion lookback periods, interest rates,
original issue discounts, stock sale price, private placement price per share, commitment shares, and warrant coverage. If Purchaser elects
to have the term become a part of the transaction documents with the Purchaser, then the Company shall immediately deliver acknowledgment
of such adjustment in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser (the Acknowledgment within three (3)
business days of Company s receipt of request from Purchaser (the Adjustment Deadline ), provided that Company s
failure to timely provide the Acknowledgement shall not affect the automatic amendments contemplated hereby. 

5.16 
 Rollover Rights . So long as the Note is outstanding, if the Company completes a public offering or private placement
of its equity, equity-linked or debt securities (each, a Future Transaction ), the Purchaser may, in its sole discretion,
elect to apply as purchase consideration for such Future Transaction (the Rollover Rights ): (i) all, or any portion, of
the then outstanding principal amount of the Note and any accrued but unpaid interest, including any amounts that would be added to the
principal outstanding in the event that any redemption right or prepayment right is exercised by either the Purchaser or the Company,
and (ii) any securities of the Company then held by the Purchaser, at their fair value (such elected portion of (i) and (ii) referred
to herein as the Rollover Consideration ). The Company shall give written notice to Purchaser as soon as practicable, but
in no event less than fifteen (15) days before the anticipated closing date of such Future Transaction. The Purchaser may exercise its
Rollover Rights by providing the Company written notice of such exercise within five (5) Business Days before the closing of the Future
Transaction. In the event Purchaser exercises its Rollover Rights, then such Rollover Consideration, shall automatically convert into
the corresponding securities issued in such Future Transaction under the terms of such Future Transaction, such that the Purchaser will
receive all securities (including, without limitation, any warrants) issuable under the Future Transaction, provided however, that the
conversion price applicable to such conversion shall equal eighty percent (80 of the cash purchase price paid per share, unit or other
security denomination for the Company securities issued in the Future Financing to other investors in the Future Transaction. With respect
to a Public Offering, the securities acquired upon exercise of Rollover Rights may be subject to standard underwriter lock up if required
by the underwriter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall be required to exercise its Rollover Rights with respect to the Preferred
Shares, in an amount equal to a minimum of 500,000 of Stated Value (as defined in the Designation). 

5.17 
 Breach of Covenants . The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any covenants set forth
in this Section, in addition to any other remedies available to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event
of Default under Section 4.3 of the Note. 

13 

5.18 
 Transfer Agent Instructions . Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to Company s transfer agent to
issue certificates, registered in the name of the Purchaser or its nominee, upon issuance of shares pursuant to the Note or exercise of
the Warrant, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Purchaser to Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, Company shall provide, prior 
to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of common stock in the Reserved Amount (as
defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer agent to Company and Company. Prior to registration of the Underlying Securities
under the Securities Act or the date on which the Underlying Securities may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to
the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend
specified in Section 4.8 of this Agreement. Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions
referred to in this Section 5.18 will be given by Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable
on the books and records of Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer
agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated
form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Purchaser upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required
by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or
hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on
any certificate for any Securities issued to the Purchaser upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by
the Note and this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within
one (1) business day of each conversion of the Note. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Purchaser s obligations
and agreement set forth in Section 5.6 hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of
the Securities. If the Purchaser provides Company, at the cost of Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without
registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Purchaser provides reasonable assurances that the Securities
can be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer
agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Purchaser.
Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Purchaser, by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Section 5.18 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by Company of the provisions of this
Section, that the Purchaser shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and
requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

5.19 
 Further Assurances . The Purchaser agrees and covenants that at any time and from time to time it will execute
and deliver to the Company such further instruments and documents and take such further action as the Company may reasonably require within
three (3) business days of any such request in order to carry out the full intent and purpose of this Agreement and to comply with state
or federal securities laws or other regulatory approvals. 

5.20 
 Exchange Act Reporting . If the Company is already an SEC reporting company on the Effective Date, then at any
time after the Effective Date, or if the Company is not an Exchange Act Reporting Company on the Effective Date, then at any time after
the Company becomes subject to and fully compliant with the SEC reporting requirements under the Exchange Act, it shall be an event of
default under the Note and this Agreement if the Company fails to maintain such fully reporting status (including but not limited to becoming
delinquent in its filings). 

6. Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell 

The obligation of the Company
hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Purchaser at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of
each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by
the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

(a) 
 The Purchaser shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

(b) 
 The Purchaser shall have delivered the Exchanged Notes in accordance with Section 2.1(a) above. 

14 

(c) 
 With respect to future purchases by the Purchaser of Notes and Warrants, the Purchaser shall have delivered to the Company the
Purchase Price. 

(d) 
 The representations and warranties of the Purchaser shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made
and as of the Effective Date and each Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak
as of a specific date), and the Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Purchaser at or prior to each Closing Date. 

(e) 
 No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7. Conditions to The Purchaser s Obligation to Purchase 

The obligation of the Purchaser
hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Purchaser s sole benefit and may be waived by the Purchaser at any time in
its sole discretion: 

(a) 
 The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Purchaser. 

(b) 
 The Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser the duly executed Consolidated Note and the Preferred Shares. 

(c) 
 With respect to purchase of Notes and Warrants, Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser the respective Note and Warrants. 

(d) 
 Company shall have delivered executed Subscription Documents, or such other instruments as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(e) 
 Company shall have provided to Purchaser the necessary documents to enable Purchaser to perfect its first priority security in
the shares and other equity interests owned by Company, contemporaneously with the date of this Agreement. 

(f) 
 The Company has provided the Purchaser with a current schedule of liabilities and the results of a current certified UCC. 

(g) 
 The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchaser, shall have been delivered to
and acknowledged in writing by Company s Transfer Agent. 

(h) 
 The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and
as of each Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and
the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required
by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to each Closing Date. 

(i) 
 No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

15 

(j) 
 No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but
not limited to a change in the Exchange Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its Exchange
Act reporting obligations. 

(k) 
 Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of Company and each
of its Subsidiaries in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction,
as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date; (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called
meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby; and (iii) lien searches for Company dated within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and again as of the Closing Date. 

8. Miscellaneous 

8.1 
 Binding Agreement . The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
the respective successors and assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any
third party any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this
Agreement. 

8.2 
 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably submits to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
with any transaction contemplated hereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof (certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any manner permitted by law. All transactions contemplated herein are being made subject to the rules of Iska as found on Leonite s
website (Leonitecap.com/iska). 

8.3 
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic
mail (including pdf or any electronic signature) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have
been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

8.4 
 Titles and Subtitles . The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not
to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

8.5 
 Notices . All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given:
(a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during
normal business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business day, (c) five days after having been sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Company and to the
Purchaser at the addresses set forth on the signature page to this Agreement or at such other addresses as the Company or Purchaser may
designate by 10 days advance written notice to the other parties hereto. 

8.6 
 Modification; Waiver . No modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to departure therefrom
shall be effective only upon the written consent of the Company and the Purchaser. Any provision of the Note may be amended or waived
by the written consent of the Company and the Purchaser. 

16 

8.7 
 Expenses . The Company and the Purchaser shall each bear its respective expenses and legal fees incurred with
respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein; provided, however, that the Purchaser may retain 10,000 of the Consideration
to cover its expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

8.8 
 Delays or Omissions . It is agreed that no delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to
the Purchaser, upon any breach or default of the Company under the Subscription Documents shall impair any such right, power or remedy,
nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or any acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or
default thereafter occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore
or thereafter occurring. It is further agreed that any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character by Purchaser of any
breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver by any Purchaser of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement must be in writing
and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in writing and that all remedies, either under this Agreement, or by
law or otherwise afforded to the Purchaser, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 

8.9 
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Exhibits hereto constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement
between the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and no party shall be liable or bound to any other party in any manner by any representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements except as specifically set forth herein. 

8.10 
 Incorporation of Recitals . The representations, covenants, and recitations set forth in the recitals above are
hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement, including all defined terms referenced therein. 

[ Signature page follows ] 

17 

In
Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Securities Purchase Agreement 
as of the date first written above. 

Address: 

COMPANY: 
 Cardiff Lexington Corporation 
 
 401 East Las Olas Boulevard Suite 1400 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

WE THREE, LLC, d/b/a 
 
 P.O. Box 6531 

AFFORDABLE HOUSING INITIATIVE 
 
 Maryville, TN 37802 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EDGE VIEW PROPERTIES, INC. 
 
 1311 Bryan Ave 

Salmon, ID 83467-3041 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

PLATINUM TAX DEFENDERS, LLC 
 
 3753 Howard Hughes Pkwy 

Suite 200-876 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 
 
 Las Vegas, NV 89169 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

NOVA ORTHO AND SPINE, PLLC 
 
 1903 S 25th Street, Suite 103 

Fort Pierce, FL 34947 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

PURCHASER: 
 LEONITE
 CAPITAL LLC 
 
 1 Hillcrest Center Dr, Suite 232 

Spring Valley, NY 10977 

By: 
 /s/ Avi Geller 

Name: Avi Geller 

Title: Chief Investment Officer 

[ Securities Purchase Agreement Signature
page ] 

18 

SCHEDULE I 

Disclosure Schedule 

Section 3.3 Subsidiaries and Affiliates 

We Three, LLC, d/b/a Affordable Housing Initiative AHI , which we acquired on May 15, 2014, is an affordable home acquirer located in Maryville, Tennessee, which acquires
mobile homes and either sells them or rents the homes to individual families. Management is currently in negotiations to sell this subsidiary. 

Edge View Properties, Inc. Edge View ,
which we acquired on July 16, 2014, is a real estate company that owns 30 acres of land; 23.5 acres zoned MDR (Medium Density Residential)
with 12 lots already platted and 48 lots zoned HDR (High Density Residential), 4 acres of dedicated river front property zoned for recreation
on the Salmon River, Idaho s premier whitewater river, and 2.5 acres zoned for commercial use. 

Platinum
Tax Defenders, LLC Platinum Tax , which we acquired on July 31, 2018, is a full-service tax resolution firm located
in Los Angeles, California. Since 2011, Platinum Tax has been assisting all types of taxpayers resolve any and all issues with IRS
and applicable state tax agencies. Management is exploring the sale of this subsidiary. 

Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC Nova ,
which we acquired May 31, 2022, is a group of regional primary specialty and ancillary care facilities located throughout Florida which
provide a full range of diagnostic and surgical services for injuries and disorders of the skeletal system and associated bones, joints,
tendons, muscles, ligaments, and nerves. 

Section 3.7 Compliance with Other Instruments 

N/A 

Section 3.9 Capitalization 

19 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS UNAUDITED 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND AUDITED 2020 (Restated) 

Shareholders' equity (deficit) 

Preferred stock 

Preferred Stock Series B- 3,000,000 shares authorized, no par, stated value of 4.00, 1,945,078 and 1,743,279 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 7,780,312 
 7,056,977 
 
 Preferred Stock Series C- 500 shares authorized, no par, stated value of 4.00, 122 and 122 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 488 
 488 
 
 Preferred Stock Series D- 800,000 shares authorized, no par, stated value 4.00, 37,500 and 250,000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 150,000 
 1,000,000 
 
 Preferred Stock Series E- 1,000,000 shares authorized, no par, stated value 4.00, 150,750 and 150,750 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 603,000 
 603,000 
 
 Preferred Stock Series F- 800,000 shares authorized, no par, stated value 4.00, 175,045 and 175,045 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 700,180 
 700,180 
 
 Preferred Stock Series F-1- 800,000 shares authorized, no par, stated value 4.00, 35,752 and 35,752 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 143,008 
 143,008 
 
 Preferred Stock Series G- 20,000,000 shares authorized, no par, stated value 4.00 zero and 325,444 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 1,300,976 
 
 Preferred Stock Series H- 4,859,379 shares authorized, no par, stated value 4.00, 37,500 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 150,000 
 476,404 
 
 Preferred Stock Series I- 500,000,000 shares authorized, with par value of .001, 14,885,000 and 195,010,000 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 59,540,000 
 195,010 
 
 Preferred Stock Series J-10,000,000 shares authorized, no par, stated value 4, 894,834 and -0- shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 3,579,336 

Preferred Stock Series K- 10,937,500 shares authorized, par value of .001, 8,200,562 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 8,201 
 8,201 
 
 Preferred Stock Series K1- 35,000,000 shares authorized, par value of .001, -0- and 1,447,157 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Preferred Stock Series L- 100,000,000 shares authorized, no par, stated value 4.00, 319,493 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 1,277,972 
 1,277,972 
 
 Preferred Stock Series N-3,000,000 shares authorized, no par, stated value 4, 868,058 and -0- shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 3,472,224 

Preferred Stock Series R-5,000 shares authorized, stated value of 1,200, 165 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 198,000 
 198,000 
 
 Common stock; 7,500,000,000 shares authorized with 0.001 par value; 166,130,069 and 5,268,797 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 167,421 
 5,267 
 
 Treasury stock; 619,345 and 194,101 shares of Series H Preferred stock at December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 (4,967,686 
 (2,365,864 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 (1,048,571 
 49,449,679 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (68,985,181 
 (66,017,969 
 
 Total shareholders' equity (deficit) 
 2,768,705 
 (5,968,671 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 10,970,346 
 4,930,147 

Section 3.10 SEC Reports; Financial Statements 

All SEC Reports and Financial Statements have been
filed through 09/30/2021. 

20 

Section 3.12 Litigation 

On October 4, 2020 Cardiff Lexington filed a lawsuit
in the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit in and for Broward County, Florida seeking to nullify six agreements entered
into by Red Rock Travel Group, LLC in violation of the management agreement between Cardiff Lexington and Ihsane (Jay) Jahid in connection
with the aborted acquisition of Red Rock Travel Group, LLC. The Company alleges that Mr. Jahid engaged in self-interested, self-serving
conduct utilizing the Company s goodwill to enter into certain unauthorized convertible note agreements without the legal authority
to bind the Company. The parties entered a joint notice of settlement agreement with the court on August 2, 2021. As of September 20,
2022 that settlement agreement has been signed by 9 of the 10 related parties. 

On October 8, 2021, Cardiff Lexington and EVP
filed a Complaint in Iowa against Mark Adams, seeking an award of damages against him and asserting the following claims: (1) constructive
trust; (2) breach of contract; (3) breach of fiduciary duties; and (4) conversion. Plaintiffs also seeks costs and attorney s fees.
 On August 31, 2021, without knowledge or consent of Cardiff Lexington or Edge View Properties and
in a manner to conceal his unlawful actions, a property manager used a new company check from Summit National Bank to withdraw 50,000
from the Company Account. The Defendant is being charged with intentional, oppressive, fraudulent, malicious, and outrageous damages. 
Case is pending. 

On August 24, 2021, charges were filed by Absolute
Medical Group, LLC against Cardiff Lexington Corp for Breach of Contract in the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit in and
for Broward County, Florida seeking damages. Cardiff filed a counterclaim alleging violations of the management agreement between the
parties and rightful termination for cause including damages. Case 21016202 is pending. 

Section 3.15 Title to Assets 

N/A 

Section 3.16 Taxes 

All taxes are paid through 12/31/2020. 

Section 3.27 Shell Company Status 

In 2008, the Company filed current Form
10 information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is no longer an issuer described in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of
Rule 144. 

21 

Exhibit
A 

Exchanged Notes 

Security Name 
 Date of Issue 
 Amount Outstanding as of 9/16/2022 
 Percentage Allocated to Cost Basis of New Securities 
 CaR Note Allocation ) 
 Series X Preferred Allocation ) 
 
 SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 July 10, 2018 
 1,512,868.82 
 39.31 
 1,021,938.08 
 589,579.66 
 
 SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 February 21, 2019 
 109,268.69 
 2.84 
 73,810.65 
 42,583.07 
 
 SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 April 10, 2019 
 107,904.84 
 2.80 
 72,889.38 
 42,051.56 
 
 REPLACEMENT CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 July 24, 2018 
 68,556.56 
 1.78 
 46,309.74 
 26,717.16 
 
 SENIOR SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 
 September 9, 2019 
 572,707.35 
 14.88 
 386,862.00 
 223,189.61 
 
 SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 September 3, 2020 
 1,477,712.57 
 38.39 
 998,190.15 
 575,878.93 
 
 TOTAL 
 
 3,849,018.83 
 100 
 2,600,000 
 1,500,000 

22 

Exhibit
B 

Form
of Consolidated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note 

(See
Attached) 

23 

Exhibit
C 

Certificate
of Designation 

(See
Attached) 

24 

Exhibit
D 

Form
of Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note 

(See
Attached) 

25 

Exhibit
E 

Form
of Warrants 

(See
Attached) 

26 

Exhibit
F 

Security
and Pledge Agreement 

(See
Attached) 

27 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 8
 cardiff_ex1003.htm
 CONSOLIDATED SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

Exhibit 10.3 

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL
ISSUE DISCOUNT FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THE ISSUER WILL MAKE AVAILABLE TO ANY HOLDER OF THIS NOTE: (1) THE ISSUE PRICE
AND ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTE, (2) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ON THE NOTE, (3) THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE, AND (4) ANY
OTHER INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE MADE AVAILABLE BY U.S. TREASURY REGULATIONS UPON RECEIVING A WRITTEN OR ELECTRONIC REQUEST FOR SUCH INFORMATION
AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS: 401 EAST LAS OLAS BOULEVARD, SUITE 1400, FORT LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA 33301. 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE NOR SALE OF
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER AND REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY), IN A GENERALLY
ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING
ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal Amount: 2,600,000 
 Issue Date: September 22, 2022 

CONSOLIDATED SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY
NOTE 

For value received,
 CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION , a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Nevada CDIX , and the
undersigned entities, each of which is a subsidiary of CDIX (referred to hereinafter collectively with CDIX as the Borrower ),
hereby promises to pay to the order of LEONITE CAPITAL, LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State
of Delaware, or registered assigns (the Holder the principal sum of two million six hundred thousand Dollars 2,600,000)
(the Principal Amount ), together with interest on the Principal Amount, on the dates set forth below or upon acceleration
or otherwise, as set forth herein (or as may be amended, extended, renewed and refinanced, collectively, this Note ).
The Interest Rate shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to ten percent (10 ). In no event shall the Interest Rate
exceed the maximum rate allowed by law; any interest payment which would for any reason be unlawful under applicable law shall be applied
to principal. 

The
consideration to the Borrower for this Note is the tendering by the Holder of certain outstanding Convertible Promissory Notes issued
by the Company and payable to the Holder, described on Exhibit X (the Exchanged Notes ). 

The maturity date Maturity Date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date. The principal sum, as well as interest and other
fees shall be due and payable in accordance with the payment terms set forth in Article I herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Maturity
Date for this Note, shall be extended to the date that is eighteen (18) months following the date upon which the Borrower completes an
underwritten registered public offering of shares of the Company Public Offering ), if such offering is prior to
the Maturity Date. Subject to Section 1.4 below, this Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth
herein. 

Any amount of principal,
interest, other amounts due hereunder or penalties on this Note, which is not paid by the due date as specified herein, shall bear interest
at the lesser of the rate of fifteen percent (15 per annum or the maximum legal amount permitted by law Default Interest
Rate ), from the due date thereof until the same is paid in full, including following the entry of a judgment in favor of Holder Default Interest ). 

If any payment
(other than a payment due at maturity or upon default) is not made on or before its due date, the Holder may at its discretion collect
a delinquency charge equal to the greater of one hundred Dollars 100.00) or five (5 percent of the unpaid amount. The unpaid balances
on all obligations payable by Borrower and due to Holder pursuant to the terms of this Note, shall in addition to other remedies contained
herein, bear interest after default or maturity at an annual rate equal to the Default Interest rate. 

1 

All payments of
principal and interest due hereunder (to the extent not converted into Borrower s ordinary shares (the Common Shares ))
shall be paid by automatic debit, wire transfer, check or in coin or currency which, at the time or times of payment, is the legal tender
for public and private debts in the United States of America and shall be made at such place as Holder or the legal holder or holders
of the Note may from time to time appoint in a payment invoice or otherwise in writing, and in the absence of such appointment, then at
the offices of Holder at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the
provisions of this Note. Unless otherwise agreed or required by applicable law, payments will be applied first to any accrued unpaid interest,
then to any late charges, and then to principal. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which
is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day and, in the case of any interest
payment date which is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, interest shall continue to accrue during such extension. As used
in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial
banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. 

It is further
acknowledged and agreed that the Principal Amount owed by Borrower under this Note shall be increased by the amount of all reasonable
expenses incurred by the Holder in connection with the collection of amounts due, or enforcement of any terms pursuant to, this Note.
All such expenses shall be deemed added to the Principal Amount hereunder to the extent such expenses are paid or incurred by the Holder. 

This Note is issued
by the Borrower to the Holder pursuant to the terms of that certain Securities Exchange and Purchase Agreement of even date herewith (the
 Purchase Agreement ), terms of which are incorporated by reference and made part of this Note. Each capitalized term
used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Purchase Agreement. As used herein, the term Trading
Day means any day that the Borrower s Common Shares are listed for trading or quotation on the OTC, or any other exchanges
or electronic quotation systems on which the Common Shares are then traded (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). 

This Note shall
be a senior secured obligation of the Borrower, with first priority over all current and future Indebtedness (as defined below) of the
Borrower and any subsidiaries, whether such subsidiaries exist on the Issue Date or are created or acquired thereafter (each a Subsidiary 
and collectively, the Subsidiaries ). The obligations of the Borrower under this Note are secured pursuant to the
terms of the security and pledge agreement (the Security and Pledge Agreement and collectively with the Purchase
Agreement, the Note, and other ancillary documents executed in connection therewith, the Transaction Documents ),
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C, between the Borrower and Holder, terms of which are incorporated by reference and made
part of this Note. With respect to any Subsidiary created or acquired subsequent to the Issue Date, Borrower agrees to cause such Subsidiary
to execute any documents or agreements that would bind the Subsidiary to the terms of the Transaction Documents. 

This Note is free
from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other
similar rights of shareholders or members, as applicable, of Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

In addition to the terms above,
the following terms shall also apply to this Note: 

ARTICLE I. PAYMENTS 

1.1 Principal
Payments . The Principal Amount shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date, provided however, that if the Maturity Date is extended
in connection to a Public Offering as provided above, then the Principal Amount shall be payable in twelve (12) equal monthly installments
with the first such payment due on the date that is six (6) months following the Borrower completes a Public Offering. 

1.2 Interest
Payments . Interest on this Note is payable on the Maturity Date, provided however, that if the Maturity Date is extended in connection
to a Public Offering as provided above, (i) Interest that accrued prior to the closing of the Public Offering shall be due within ten
(10) days of such closing and (ii) Interest accruing subsequent to the closing of the Public Offering shall be due monthly with the first
Interest Payment due on the date that is one (1) month following the date that the Borrower completes a Public Offering. 

2 

1.3 Other
Payment Obligations . All payments, fees, penalties, and other charges, if any, due under this Note shall be payable pursuant to the
terms contained herein, but in any case, shall be payable no later than the Maturity Date. 

1.4 Prepayment .
This Note may not be prepaid without prior written consent of the Holder. 

ARTICLE II. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

2.1 Conversion
Right . The Holder shall have the right at any time, at the Holder s option to convert all or any part of the outstanding and
unpaid principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable Common Shares of Borrower or
other securities into which such Common Shares shall hereafter be changed or reclassified (each, a Conversion Share at the conversion price (the Conversion Price determined as provided herein (a Conversion );
 provided , however , that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that
portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates
(other than Common Shares which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Note or the
unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitations contained herein, and, if applicable, net of any shares that may be deemed to be owned by any person not affiliated with
the Holder who has purchased a portion of the Note from the Holder) and (2) the number of Common Shares issuable upon the conversion
of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership
by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding Common Shares. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately
preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such
proviso, provided , further , however , that the limitations on conversion may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the Holder upon, at the election of the Holder, not less than 61 days prior notice to Borrower, and the provisions of the conversion
limitation shall continue to apply until such 61st day (or such later date, as determined by the Holder, as may be specified in such
notice of waiver). The number of Common Shares to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion
Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ), delivered to Borrower by the Holder in accordance
with Section 2.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or
reasonably expected to result in, notice) to Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion
Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of: (1)
the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion; plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid
interest; provided, however, that at the option of Holder, the accrued and unpaid interest can be converted prior to any other amounts
under the Note, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date; plus (3)
at the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2);
 plus (4) the Holder s expenses relating to a Conversion, including but not limited to amounts paid by Holder on the Borrower s
transfer agent account; plus (5) at the Holder s option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 2.3 and 2.4(g)
hereof. 

2.2 Conversion Price . 

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price . The Conversion Price shall be the lower of (i) the lowest VWAP of the five (5) Trading Days prior to the
Conversion Date; or (ii) the price per share of any subsequent offering (the Fixed Conversion Price ). 

(b) Fixed
Conversion Price Adjustments . 

(1) Common
Share Distributions and Splits . If Borrower, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a distribution on its Common
Shares or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in Common Shares on its Common Shares; (ii) subdivides outstanding
Common Shares into a larger (or smaller) number of shares; or (iii) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of Common
Shares, any Common Shares of Borrower, then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding any treasury shares of Borrower) outstanding immediately before such event and of
which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event. 

3 

(2) Fundamental
Transaction . If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) Borrower effects any merger or consolidation of Borrower with
or into another person, (ii) Borrower effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one transaction or a series of
related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by Borrower or another person) is completed pursuant to
which holders of Common Shares are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (iv)
Borrower effects any reclassification of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are
effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each
Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, the same kind and amount of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of 1 Common Share (the
 Alternate Consideration ). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Fixed Conversion Price
shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in
respect of 1 Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and Borrower shall apportion the Fixed Conversion Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate
Consideration. 

(3) Anti-dilution
Adjustment . If at any time while this Note is outstanding, Borrower sells, grants, or otherwise makes a disposition of Common
Shares, or sells, grants, or otherwise makes a disposition of other securities (or in the case of securities existing on the Issue
Date, amends such securities) convertible into, exercisable for, or that would otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to
acquire Common Shares, or announces its intention, or files any document with the SEC or other regulatory body that reflects its
intention to do of any of the foregoing, at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Fixed Conversion Price (such
lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Shares or other securities so issued shall at any time,
whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise,
or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive Common
Shares at an effective price per share that is lower than the Fixed Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred
for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance, and the Base Conversion Price shall then be adjusted to
equal the lowest of such issuance price), then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be reduced to a price equal the Base Conversion
Price as it may be adjusted as provided for above. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Shares or other securities are
issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 2.2(b)(4) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. For
purposes of this Section 2.2(b)(4) an Exempt Issuance means an issuance of Common Shares or other securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Shares (i) upon the exercise or exchange of any securities issued
hereunder, (ii) to employees, directors of Borrower pursuant to any stock or option or similar equity incentive plan duly adopted
for such purpose by the Board of Directors of Borrower, (iii) to banks, equipment lessors or other financial institutions, or to
real property lessors, at market value as of the date of issuance, pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing, or real property
leasing transaction approved by the Board of Directors of Borrower, (iv) to suppliers, consultants, or third party service providers
in connection with the provision of goods or services, at market value as of the date of issuance, pursuant to a stock option plan,
agreement, or arrangement of the Borrower, duly adopted for such purpose by the Board of Directors of Borrower, (v) pursuant to the
acquisition of another corporation or other entity by Borrower by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or other
reorganization or pursuant to a joint venture agreement, provided that such issuances are approved by the Board of Directors of
Borrower, (vi) to third parties in connection with collaboration, technology license, development, marketing or other similar
agreements or strategic partnerships, in each case only in connection with the operating business of the Borrower and approved by
the Board of Directors of Borrower, or (vii) shares with respect to which the Holder waives its anti-dilution rights granted hereby;
provided, however, that any such issuance described in (v) and (vi) shall only be to a person (or to the equity holders of a person)
which is, itself or through its Subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset (or an employee, director, consultant, or
advisor thereof), in a business synergistic with the business of Borrower and shall provide to Borrower additional benefits in
addition to the investment of funds, but in none of (ii) through (vi) above shall include a transaction in which Borrower is issuing
securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to a recipient whose primary business is investing in securities or to a
recipient whose primary business is investor relations or public relations. In the event of an issuance of securities involving
multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this Section 2.2(b)(3) shall be calculated as if all such securities were
issued upon distribution of the initial tranche. 

4 

(4) Notice to the Holder . Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to
any provision of this Section 2.2(b), Borrower shall within two (2) business days deliver to the Holder a notice setting forth the
Fixed Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment, provided
that Borrower s failure to timely provide the notice shall not affect the automatic adjustments contemplated hereby. 

(5) No
Readjustments . For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Conversion Price has been adjusted pursuant to this Section 2.2(b)
and the Dilutive Issuance that triggered such adjustment does not occur, is not consummated, is unwound or is cancelled after the
facts for any reason whatsoever, in no event shall the Conversion Price be readjusted to the Conversion Price that would have been
in effect if such Dilutive Issuance had not occurred or been consummated. 

(6) Public
Offering . Upon completion by the Borrower of a Public Offering, the Fixed Price shall reset to be equal to the offering price in
such offering, provided however that subsequent to the completion of the Public Offering, such Fixed Price as adjusted under this
Section 2.2(b)(6) shall remain subject to further adjustments under Sections 2.2(b)(1) through 2.2(b)(5) above, as well as Section
3.12 below. 

2.3 Authorized Shares . Borrower covenants that
during the period the conversion right exists, Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient number
of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Shares upon the full conversion of this Note. Borrower
is required at all times to have authorized and reserved seven (7) times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion
of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Note in effect from time to time, which, if cannot be determined shall be estimated
in good faith by Borrower) it being acknowledged and agreed by the parties that for the initial issuance of the Note, the parties will
reach an agreement subsequent to the Issue Date with respect to the number of Common Shares to be reserved (the Reserved Amount ).
The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with Borrower s obligations hereunder. Borrower represents
that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if Borrower shall issue
any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of Common Shares into which the Note shall be
convertible at the then current Conversion Price, Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall
be a sufficient number of Common Shares authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note,
including but not limited to authorizing additional shares or effectuating a reverse split. Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably
instructed its transfer agent by letter, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B, to issue certificates for the Common
Shares issuable upon conversion of a previously issued convertible promissory note dated September 3, 2020, (ii) agrees and acknowledges
that the terms of, and the instructions to the transfer agent provided in, the aforementioned instruction letter, shall be effective
with respect to the obligations of the Borrower under this Note, (iii) agrees that at the sole discretion of the Holder, Borrower
shall issue a new TA Letter in a form substantially similar to the aforementioned instruction Letter, providing for any share to be reserved
pursuant to the terms hereunder, and (iv) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents
who are charged with the duty of executing Common Share certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for Common Shares
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. Borrower further covenants that so long as any obligation under this Note remains
outstanding, Borrower will not establish a reserve of its Common Shares for the benefit of any party other than the Holder, without prior
approval in writing by Holder. Failure by Borrower to maintain the Reserved Amount, or the establishment of a reserve without prior approval
as required above, will be considered an Event of Default under Section 4.1.2 of the Note. 

2.4 Method of Conversion . 

(a) Mechanics of Conversion . Subject to Section 2.1, this Note may be converted by the
Holder in whole or in part, at any time from the date hereof, by (A) submitting to Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile,
e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 7:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and
(B) subject to Section 2.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of Borrower. 

5 

(b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Note to Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and Borrower shall maintain
records showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder and Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the
event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of Borrower shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the
absence of manifest error. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the
provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this
Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

(c) Payment
of Taxes . Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of Common Shares or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or
in street name), and Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless and
until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the
Holder s account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have
established to the satisfaction of Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

(d)
 Delivery of Common Shares Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by Borrower from the Holder of an e-mail (or other reasonable means of
communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 2.4, Borrower shall issue
and deliver to or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for Common Shares issuable upon such
conversion by the end of the next business day after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion
of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(e)
 Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Shares . Upon receipt by Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed
to be the holder of record of the Common Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued
and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless Borrower defaults on its obligations under
this Article II, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to
receive the Common Shares or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have
given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, Borrower s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Shares
shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent
with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure
or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation
or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance
which might otherwise limit such obligation of Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified
in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by Borrower before 7:00 p.m.,
New York, New York time, on such date. 

(f) Delivery of Common Shares by Electronic Transfer . If the shares of the Company are
publicly traded, in lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Shares issuable upon conversion, provided
Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer FAST program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section 2.1 and
in this Section 2.4, Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Shares
issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit
Withdrawal Agent Commission DWAC system. If the Borrower is not registered with DTC as of the Issue Date, the
Borrower shall be required to register with DTC within 30 days of the Issue Date, and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply
after such registration. Failure to become DTC registered or maintain DTC eligibility as provided herein shall be an Event of
Default under Section 4.1.22 of this Note. 

6 

(g)
 Failure to Deliver Common Shares Prior to Deadline . Without in any way limiting the Holder s right to pursue other remedies,
including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if Borrower causes the Common Shares issuable upon conversion
of this Note to not be delivered by the second (2nd) Trading Day following the Deadline (such non delivery referred to herein as a Conversion
Default ), Borrower shall pay to the Holder 1,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that Borrower fails to
deliver such Common Shares. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it
has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the
terms of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Shares in accordance with the terms of this
Note. Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder, and as such, Borrower will not take any actions to
hamper, delay or prevent any Holder conversion of the Note. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference
with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages
provision contained in this Section 2.4(g) are justified. 

2.5 Concerning the Common Shares . The Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this
Note may not be sold or transferred except in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company and unless (i) such shares
are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been
furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in
comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption
from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) Rule 144 or (iv) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of
Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 2.5 and who is an Accredited
Investor. Except as otherwise provided (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Common Shares
issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any
restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for Common
Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not
been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend
substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE
OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER AND REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY), IN A GENERALLY
ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING
ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The legend set forth above shall be
removed and Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if (i) Borrower or its transfer
agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions,
to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Shares may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall
be accepted by Borrower (which acceptance shall be subject to and conditioned on any requirements, if any, of its transfer agent, the
exchange on which Borrower is then trading or other applicable laws, rules or regulations) so that the sale or transfer is effected or
(ii) in the case of the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under
an effective registration statement filed under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the
number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold. In the event that Borrower does not accept the opinion
of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule
144 or Regulation S, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 4.1.2 of the Note. 

7 

2.6 Status as Shareholder . Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i)
the shares covered thereby (other than the shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such
Holder s allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into Common Shares and
(ii) the Holder s rights as a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the
right to receive certificates for such Common Shares and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity
to such Holder because of a failure by Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder
has not received certificates for all Common Shares prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with
respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as
a holder of Common Shares by so notifying Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such
unconverted portions of this Note and Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the
Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases,
the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive Conversion Default
Payments pursuant to Section 2.4 to the extent required thereby for such Conversion Default and any subsequent Conversion Default
and (ii) the right to have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent conversions adjusted upon an Event of Default, if
applicable) for Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 

ARTICLE III. RANKING, CERTAIN COVENANTS AND POST CLOSING
OBLIGATIONS 

3.1 Warrants . RESERVED 

3.2 Equity Interest . RESERVED 

3.3 Distributions
on Common Shares . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other
securities) on the Common Shares (or other capital securities of the Borrower) other than dividends on Common Shares solely in the form
of additional Common Shares or (b) directly or indirectly or through any Subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect
of Common Shares (or other securities representing its capital) except for distributions that comply with Section 3.7 below. 

3.4 Restrictions
on Variable Rate Transactions . Unless approved by the Holder in writing, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, Borrower
and each Subsidiary shall not enter into an agreement or amend an existing agreement to effect any sale of securities involving, or convert
any securities previously issued under, a Variable Rate Transaction. The term Variable Rate Transaction means a
transaction in which Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) issues or sells any convertible securities either (A) at a conversion, exercise or
exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of, or quotations for, the Common Shares at any
time after the initial issuance of such convertible securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject
to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such convertible securities or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to the business of Borrower or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, or the market for the Common
Shares, or (ii) enters into any agreement (including, without limitation, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market
offering whereby Borrower or any Subsidiary may sell securities at a future determined price (other than standard and customary
 preemptive or participation rights). The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against Borrower
and its Subsidiaries to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. 

3.5 Restrictions
on Other Certain Transactions . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note and unless approved in writing
by the Holder (which such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), the Borrower shall not directly or indirectly: (a) change the
nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than
in the ordinary course of business (c) solicit any offers for, respond to any unsolicited offers for, or conduct any negotiations
with any other person or entity in respect of any Variable Rate Debt Transaction; (d) accept Merchant-Cash-Advances in which it
sells future receivables at a discount, any other factoring transactions, or similar financing instruments or financing
transactions; or (e) Enter into a borrowing arrangement where the Company pays an effective APR greater than 20 . Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall be permitted to spin off Platinum Tax Defenders, LLC and We Three, LLC, each a
subsidiary of the Company, in a cashless transaction. 

8 

3.6 Restriction on Ordinary Share Repurchases .
So long as the Borrower shall have anyobligation under this Note, Borrower shall not without the Holder s written consent redeem,
repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction
or series of related transactions any Common Shares (or other securities representing its capital) of Borrower or any warrants, rights
or options to purchase or acquire any such shares; except for the repurchase of shares at a nominal price in connection with rights under
an agreement with an employee or consultant of the Borrower whose shares have been forfeited as a result of such employee or consultant s
ceasing to provide services to the Borrower. 

3.7 Payments from Future Funding Sources . The
Borrower shall pay to the Holder on an accelerated basis, any outstanding Principal Amount of the Note, along with all unpaid interest,
and fees and penalties, if any, from the sources of capital below, at the Holder s discretion, it being acknowledged and agreed
by Holder that Borrower shall have the right to make Bona Fide payments to vendors with Common Shares: 

3.7.1 Future Financing
Proceeds one hundred percent (100 of the net proceeds of any future financings by Borrower or any Subsidiary, whether debt
or equity, or any other financing proceeds such as cash advances, royalties or earn-out payments provided, however, that (i) this provision
is not applicable if the transaction generating the future financing proceeds has a specific use of proceeds requirement that such proceeds
are to be used exclusively to purchase the assets or equity of an unaffiliated business in an arm s length transaction and the proceeds
are used accordingly, and that (ii) with respect to a Public Offering, the repayment obligation shall be subject to underwriter approval
and be limited to the greater of (a) one million five hundred thousand 1,500,000), or (b) ten percent (10 of the net proceeds. 

3.7.2 Other Future
Receipts one hundred percent (100 of the net proceeds to the Borrower or Subsidiary resulting from the sale of any assets
or securities, of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including but not limited to, the sale of any Subsidiary, the receipt in cash by
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any tax refunds, the sale of any tax credits, collections by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
pursuant to any settlement or judgement, but not including sales of inventory of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course
of business. 

3.8 Use
of Proceeds . Borrower agrees to use the proceeds of this Note solely for general working capital and to pursue a Public Offering. 

3.9 Ranking and Security . The obligations
of the Borrower under this Note shall constitute a first priority security interest and rank senior with respect to any and all Indebtedness
existing prior to or incurred as of or following the initial Issue Date. The obligations of the Borrower under this Note are secured
pursuant to the Security and Pledge Agreement attached hereto. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the
Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any Indebtedness
that is senior to or pari passu with (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder. As used
herein, the term Indebtedness means (a) all indebtedness of the Borrower for borrowed money or for the deferred
purchase price of property or services, including any type of letters of credit, but not including deferred purchase price obligations
in place as of the Issue Date or obligations to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business, (b) all obligations of the
Borrower evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (c) purchase money indebtedness hereafter incurred by the
Borrower to finance the purchase of fixed or capital assets, including all capital lease obligations of the Borrower which do not exceed
the purchase price of the assets funded, (d) all guarantee obligations of the Borrower in respect of obligations of the kind referred
to in clauses (a) through (c) above that the Borrower would not be permitted to incur or enter into, and (e) all obligations of the kind
referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above that the Borrower is not permitted to incur or enter into that are secured and/or unsecured
by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured and/or unsecured by) any
lien or encumbrance on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Borrower, whether or not the Borrower has assumed
or become liable for the payment of such obligation. 

9 

3.10 Right of
Participation . For a period of two (2) years from the date hereof, in the event Borrower or any Subsidiary proposes to offer and sell
its securities, whether in the form of debt, Equity Financing (defined below), or any other financing transaction (each a Future
Offering ), the Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, to participate in the purchase of the securities being
offered up to an amount equal to the Principal Amount (the Participation Right ). For the avoidance of doubt, an Equity
Financing shall mean Borrower s or its Subsidiary s sale of its common stock or any securities conferring the right
to purchase Borrower s or Subsidiary s common stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable for (with or without additional
consideration), shares of the Borrower s or Subsidiary s common stock. In connection with each Participation Right, Borrower
shall provide written notice to the Holder of the terms and conditions of the Future Financing at least ten business days prior to the
anticipated first closing of such Future Financing (the FF Notice ). If the Holder shall elect to exercise its Participation
Right, it shall notify Borrower, in writing, of such election at least five business days prior to the anticipated closing date set forth
in the FF Notice (the Participation Notice ). In the event the Holder does not return a Participation Notice to Borrower
within such five-business day period, the Participation Right granted hereunder shall terminate and be of no further force and effect;
provided, however, that such Participation Right shall be reinstated if the anticipated closing referenced in the FF Notice does not occur
prior to thirty business days following the anticipated first closing date specified in such FF notice. 

3.11
 Right of First Refusal . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, but in any case for a period of no
less than eighteen (18) months from the date hereof, if the Borrower or any Subsidiary has a bona fide offer of capital or financing
from any third party that the Borrower or any Subsidiary intends to act upon, other than an underwritten initial public offering of the
Common Shares, then the Borrower must first offer such opportunity to the Holder to provide such capital or financing to the Borrower
or Subsidiary on the same terms as each respective third party s terms. Should the Holder be unwilling or unable to provide such
capital or financing to the Borrower or Subsidiary within 10 Trading Days from Holder s receipt of written notice of the offer
(the Offer Notice from the Borrower, then the Borrower or Subsidiary may obtain such capital or financing from
that respective third party upon the exact same terms and conditions offered by the Borrower to the Holder, which transaction must be
completed within 60 days after the date of the Offer Notice. If the Borrower or Subsidiary does not receive the capital or financing
from the respective 3 rd party within 60 days after the date of the respective Offer Notice, then the Borrower must again offer
the capital or financing opportunity to the Holder as described above, and the process detailed above shall be repeated. The Offer Notice
must be sent via electronic mail to avi@leonitecap.com Cc: dberger@bergerlawpllc.com. 

3.12 Terms of
Future Financings . So long as any obligations of the Borrower under the Transaction Documents (defined below) are outstanding, upon
any issuance of (or announcement of intent to effect an issuance of) any security, or amendment to (or announcement of intent to effect
an amendment to) any security that was originally issued before the Issue Date, by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, with any term that
the Holder reasonably believes is more favorable to the holder of such security than to the Holder in the Transaction Documents, or with
a term in favor of the holder of such security that the Holder reasonably believes was not similarly provided to the Holder in the Transaction
Documents, then (i) the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such additional or more favorable term within three (3) business days of the
issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at Holder s option, shall become a part
of the Transaction Documents with the Holder (regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provision of this Section
3.12). The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not
limited to, terms addressing conversion price, conversion price discounts and adjustments, prepayment rate, conversion lookback periods,
interest rates, original issue discounts, stock sale price, private placement price per share, commitment shares, and warrant coverage.
If Holder elects to have the term become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder, then the Borrower shall immediately deliver
acknowledgment of such adjustment in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder (the Acknowledgment within
three (3) business days of Borrower s receipt of request from Holder (the Adjustment Deadline ), provided that Borrower s
failure to timely provide the Acknowledgement shall not affect the automatic amendments contemplated hereby. 

3.13
 Registration Rights . If the Borrower or any Subsidiary proposes to register any of its Common Shares (other than pursuant to a
Registration on Form S-4 or S-8 or any successor form), it will give prompt written notice to the Holder of its intention to effect such
registration (the Incidental Registration ). Within twenty (20) business days of receiving such written notice of
an Incidental Registration, the Holder may make a written request (the Piggy-Back Request that the Borrower include
in the proposed Incidental Registration all, or a portion, of the Registrable Securities owned by the Holder. As used herein, Registrable
Securities shall mean the shares issuable upon Conversion of the Note, the Reserved Amount, as well as any shares issuable upon exercise
of warrants to purchase Common Shares issued by the Borrower and held by the Holder Warrants and any shares issued upon
a conversion of any preferred shares issued by the Borrower and held by the Holder Preferred Shares ). The Borrower will
use its commercially reasonable efforts to include in any Incidental Registration all Registrable Securities which the Borrower has been
requested to register pursuant to any timely Piggy-Back Request to the extent required to permit the disposition (in accordance with
the intended methods thereof as aforesaid) of the Registrable Securities so to be registered. Failure to register the Registrable Securities
pursuant to this Section 3.13 shall be an Event of Default pursuant to Section 4.1.26 of the Note. 

10 

3.14 Rollover
Rights . So long as the Note is outstanding, if the Borrower completes a public offering or private placement of its equity, equity-linked
or debt securities (each, a Future Transaction ), the Holder may, in its sole discretion, elect to apply as purchase consideration
for such Future Transaction (the Rollover Rights ): (i) all, or any portion, of the then outstanding principal amount of
the Note and any accrued but unpaid interest, including any amounts that would be added to the principal outstanding in the event that
any redemption right or prepayment right is exercised by either the Holder or the Borrower, and (ii) any securities of the Borrower then
held by the Holder, at their fair value (such elected portion of (i) and (ii) referred to herein as the Rollover Consideration ).
The Borrower shall give written notice to Holder as soon as practicable, but in no event less than fifteen (15) days before the anticipated
closing date of such Future Transaction. The Holder may exercise its Rollover Rights by providing the Borrower written notice of such
exercise within five (5) Business Days before the closing of the Future Transaction. In the event Holder exercises its Rollover Rights,
then such Rollover Consideration, shall automatically convert into the corresponding securities issued in such Future Transaction under
the terms of such Future Transaction, such that the Holder will receive all securities (including, without limitation, any warrants) issuable
under the Future Transaction, provided however, that the conversion price applicable to such conversion shall equal eighty percent (80 of the cash purchase price paid per share, unit or other security denomination for the Borrower securities issued in the Future Financing
to other investors in the Future Transaction. With respect to a Public Offering, the securities acquired upon exercise of Rollover Rights
may be subject to standard underwriter lock up if required by the underwriter. 

3.15 Exchange
Act Reporting . Within ninety (90) days, Borrower shall be in full compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act and be current
with all applicable SEC reporting requirements, and thereafter, Borrower shall remain a fully reporting company under the SEC reporting
requirements and remain subject to and fully compliant with, the annual and periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including
but not limited to remaining current in its filings). Failure to remain a fully reporting company and subject to and compliant with the
Exchange Act as described herein, (including but not limited to becoming delinquent in its filings), shall be an Event of Default (as
defined below) under Section 4.1.9. 

3.16 Opinion
Letter . Borrower shall be responsible for supplying an opinion letter specific to the fact that Common Shares issued pursuant to this
Note, as well as the shares issued pursuant to the Warrants, are either exempt from Registration Requirements pursuant to Rule 144 (so
long as the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied) or have been duly registered and permitted to be sold and transferred without restriction
(so long as the shares have been duly registered and permitted to be sold and transferred without restriction). Failure to provide an
opinion letter as described herein shall be an event of default pursuant to Section 4.1.2 of the Note. 

ARTICLE IV. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

4.1 It shall be
considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article IV (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

4.1.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest . The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at
maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise. A three (3) day cure period shall apply for failure to make a payment when due except where
payments are noted herein as being due immediately or for payments due on the Maturity Date which in each case shall have no cure period. 

4.1.2 Failure
to Reserve Shares . (a) Borrower fails to reserve a sufficient amount of Common Shares as required under the terms of this Note (including
the requirements of Section 2.3 of this Note), fails to issue Common Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it
will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms
of this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) Common Shares
issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, Borrower directs its transfer
agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated
form) Common Shares to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any
restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any Common Shares issued to the Holder upon conversion
of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it
does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph), or fails to supply an opinion letter specific to the fact that
Common Shares issued pursuant to conversion of the Note, as well as the Equity Interest and the shares issued pursuant to the Warrant
are exempt from Registration Requirements pursuant to Rule 144, and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement,
statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall
have delivered a Notice of Conversion. It is an obligation of Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It
shall be an event of default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by Borrower
to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to Borrower s transfer agent in order to process
a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by Borrower to the Holder within five (5) business days of a demand from the Holder, either
in cash or as an addition to the outstanding Principal Amount of the Note, and such choice of payment method is at the discretion of Borrower.
(b) Borrower establishes a reserve of its Common Shares for the benefit of a party other than the Holder, without obtaining prior approval
in writing by the Holder. 

11 

4.1.3 Breach of
Covenants . Borrower, or the relevant related party, as the case may be, breaches any material covenant, post-closing obligation or
other material term or condition contained in this Note, or in the related Purchase Agreement, Security and Pledge Agreement, or any other
of the Transaction Documents and breach continues for a period of ten (10) days. 

4.1.4
 Breach of Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement
or certificate given pursuant hereto or in connection herewith, shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the
breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) an effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note and the other
Transaction Documents. 

4.1.5 Receiver
or Trustee . Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent
to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee
shall otherwise be appointed. 

4.1.6 Judgments
or Settlements . (i) Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower
or any of its property or other assets for more than 50,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty
(20) days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder; or (ii) the settlement of any claim or litigation, creating an obligation on the
Borrower in amount over 50,000 or where value of the underlying claim or dispute was at least 50,000. 

4.1.7 Bankruptcy .
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower. With respect
to any such proceedings that are involuntary, Borrower shall have a 45 day cure period in which to have such involuntary proceedings dismissed. 

4.1.8 Delisting
of Common Shares . If at any time on or after the date in which Borrower s Common Shares are listed or quoted on (i) any tier
of the over-the-counter market maintained by OTC Markets Group, Inc. OTC other than the OTC s Expert Market, (ii)
the Nasdaq Global Market, (iii) the Nasdaq Capital Market, (iv) the New York Stock Exchange, (v) the NYSE MKT, or (vi) an equivalent U.S.
replacement exchange (a Listing Event ), Borrower shall fail to maintain such listing or quotation or if its shares
have been suspended from trading on the aforementioned exchanges. 

4.1.9 Failure
to Comply with the Exchange Act . If at any time after Borrower becomes an SEC reporting company, Borrower shall fail to be fully compliant
with, or ceases to be subject to, the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including but not limited to becoming delinquent in
its filings). 

4.1.10
 Change of Control or Liquidation . Any Change of Control of the Borrower, or the dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower
or any substantial portion of its business. As used herein, a Change of Control shall be deemed to occur upon the consummation
of any of the following events: (a) any person or persons acting together which would constitute a group for purposes of
Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), (other than the Borrower or any subsidiary
of the Borrower) shall beneficially own (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, at least 50 of the total
voting power of all classes of capital stock of the Borrower entitled to vote generally in the election of the Board; (b) Current Directors
(as herein defined) shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board (for this purpose, a Current
Director shall mean any member of the Board as of the date hereof and any successor of a Current Director whose election, or nomination
for election by the Borrower's shareholders, was approved by at least a majority of the Current Directors then on the Board); (c) (i)
the complete liquidation of the Borrower or (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Borrower, other than a merger or consolidation in
which (x) the holders of the Common Shares of the Borrower immediately prior to the consolidation or merger have, directly or indirectly,
at least a majority of the Common Shares of the continuing or surviving corporation immediately after such consolidation or merger or
(y) the Board immediately prior to the merger or consolidation would, immediately after the merger or consolidation, constitute a majority
of the board of directors of the continuing or surviving corporation, which liquidation, merger or consolidation has been approved by
the shareholders of the Borrower; (d) the sale or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower pursuant to an agreement (or agreements) which has (have) been approved by the shareholders of the
Borrower; or (e) the appointment of a new chief executive officer. 

12 

4.1.11 Cessation
of Operations . Any cessation of operations by the Borrower or the Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts
as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern 
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

4.1.12 Maintenance
of Assets . The failure by Borrower to maintain any intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets which are
necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future), to the extent that such failure would result in a material adverse condition
or material adverse change in or affecting the business operations, properties or financial condition of Borrower or any of its subsidiaries
(a Material Adverse Effect ). 

4.1.13 Financial
Statement Restatement . At any time after a Listing Event, Borrower restates any financial statements for any date or period from two
years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison
to the unrestated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note. 

4.1.14 Failure
to Execute Transaction Documents or Complete the Transaction . The failure of the Borrower to execute any of the Transaction Documents
or to complete the transaction for the full Principal Amount of the Note, as contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 

4.1.15 Illegality .
Any court of competent jurisdiction issues an order declaring this Note, any of the other Transaction Documents or any provision hereunder
or thereunder to be illegal, as long as such declaration was not the result of an act of negligence by the Holder, exclusive of the execution
of the Transaction Documents or the transactions and acts contemplated herein. 

4.1.16
 Cross-Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a
breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the other financial instrument, including
but not limited to all promissory notes, currently issued, or hereafter issued, by the Borrower, to the Holder or any other third party
(the Other Agreements ), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, that results in a
Material Adverse Effect shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note, in which event the Holder shall
be entitled to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note by reason of a default under said Other Agreement
or hereunder. 

4.1.17 Variable
Rate Transactions . The Borrower (i) enters into a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined herein) (ii) issues Common Shares (or convertible
securities or purchase rights) pursuant to an equity line of credit of the Borrower or otherwise in connection with a Variable Rate Transaction
(whether now existing or entered into in the future) or (iii) adjusts downward the floor price at which Common Shares (or
convertible securities or purchase rights) may be issued under an equity line of credit or otherwise in connection with a Variable Rate
Transaction (whether now existing or entered into in the future). 

4.1.18 Certain
Transactions . Borrower enters into certain transactions prohibited by Sections 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, and 3.6 of this Agreement. 

4.1.19 Reverse
Splits . The Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common Shares without twenty (20) days prior written notice to the Holder. 

4.1.20 Replacement
of Transfer Agent . In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Shares in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

13 

4.1.21 DTC
 Chill . At any time on or after a Listing Event, the DTC places a chill (i.e. a restriction placed by DTC
on one or more of DTC s services, such as limiting a DTC participant s ability to make a deposit or withdrawal of the security
at DTC) on any of the Borrower s securities. 

4.1.22 DWAC Eligibility .
At any time on or after a Listing Event, in addition to the Event of Default in Section 4.21, the Common Shares become otherwise not eligible
for trading through the DTC s Fast Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs. 

4.1.23 Bid Price .
At any time on or after a Listing Event, the Borrower shall lose the bid price for its Common Shares 0.0001 on the Ask 
with zero market makers on the Bid per Level 2) and/or a market (including the OTC Pink, OTCQB or an equivalent replacement
marketplace or exchange). 

4.1.24 Inside
Information . At any time on or after a Listing Event, any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to
transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates
of, material non-public information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured
by Borrower s filing of a Form 6-K or Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

4.1.25
 Failure of Security Interest . (a) Any material provision of the Security and Pledge Agreement shall at any time for any reason
(other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Borrower or any Subsidiary
intended to be a party thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party thereto, or a proceeding shall
be commenced by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish
the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation
purported to be created under the Security and Pledge Agreement; (b) the Security and Pledge Agreement, after delivery thereof pursuant
hereto, shall for any reason fail or cease to create a valid and perfected and, except to the extent permitted by the terms hereof or
thereof, first priority Lien in favor of the Holder on any collateral purported to be covered thereby. 

4.1.26 Failure
to Register Shares . The Borrower shall fail to register shares pursuant to Section 3.13. 

4.2 Remedies Upon Default. 

(a)
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article IV, in addition to and without limitation of other remedies set
forth herein in this Note, (i) interest shall accrue on all amounts due under this Note at the Default Interest rate until payment in
full of such amounts, including following the entry of a judgment in favor of Holder; (ii) this Note shall become immediately due and
payable, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, and the Borrower shall
pay to the Holder, an amount (the Default Amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding (including Liquidating
Damages, defined below) plus accrued and unpaid interest through the date of the Event of Default, unaccrued interest through the Maturity
Date that is guaranteed pursuant to Section 1.2 above, together with all costs, including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees
and expenses of collection, and Default Interest through the date of full repayment; and (iii) a liquidated damages charge equal to 10 
of the outstanding balance due under the Note Liquidating Damages will be assessed and will become immediately due and
payable to the Holder, either in form of a cash payment or as an addition to the Principal Amount due under the Note. In addition, the
Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity, including, without limitation, those
set forth in the Transaction Documents. 

(b) Intentionally Omitted. 

ARTICLE V. MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in
the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All
rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

14 

5.2 Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other
communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally
served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable
air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, facsimile, or electronic mail addressed as
set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other
communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery, upon electronic mail
delivery, or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or
number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid,
addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such
communications shall be: 

If to the Borrower, to: 

Cardiff Lexington Corporation 
401 Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1400 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Attn: Alex H. Cunningham, CEO 
Email: alex@cardifflexington.com 

If to the Holder: 

Leonite Capital LLC 

 1 Hillcrest Center Dr, Suite 232 

 Spring Valley, NY 10977 

 Attn: Avi Geller 

 e-mail: avi@leonitecap.com;
jake@leonitecap.com 

 Cc: dberger@bergerlawpllc.com 

5.3 Amendments .
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note 
and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended
or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

5.4 Assignability .
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933
Act). 

5.5 Withholding
Tax . In the event that there is any withholding tax due from any payment by the Borrower to the Holder
under this Note, Borrower shall be obligated to pay any such withholding tax. In the event that such withholding tax is paid by the Holder,
Borrower shall be required to pay such amounts directly to the Holder in addition to the other amounts due to Holder under this Note . 

5.6 Cost
of Collection . If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
attorneys fees. Such amounts spent by Holder shall be added to the Principal Amount of the Note at the time of such expenditure. 

15 

5.7 Governing
Law . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall
be brought only in the state and/or federal courts located in Delaware. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection
to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue
or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY
TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY . The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event
that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction
Documents by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. All transactions contemplated herein are being made subject to the rules of Iska as found on Leonite s website
(Leonitecap.com/iska). 

5.8 Certain
Amounts . Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding principal amount (or
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower
and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine
and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty. 

5.9 Remedies .
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. 

5.10
 Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Borrower hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever
claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at
any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right
or remedy under this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided
that the total liability of the Borrower under this Note for payments which under Delaware law are in the nature of interest shall not
exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing,
in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under Delaware
law in the nature of interest that the Borrower may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if
the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by Delaware law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any
official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum
Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Borrower to the Holder with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded
to the Borrower, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 

16 

5.11 Section 3(a)(10)
Transactions . At any time after a Listing Event, and so long as this Note is outstanding, if the Borrower enters into a transaction
structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act, then
a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding principal balance of this Note at that time, will be assessed and will become immediately
due and payable to the Holder, either in the form of cash payment or as an addition to the balance of the Note, as determined by mutual
agreement of the Borrower and Holder. 

5.12 No Broker-Dealer
Acknowledgement . Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating otherwise, so long as any obligation of
Borrower under this Note or the other Transaction Documents is outstanding, the Company shall not state, claim, allege, or in any way
assert to any person, institution, or entity, that Holder is currently, or ever has been, a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. 

5.13 Opportunity
to Consult with Counsel . The Borrower represents and acknowledges that it has been provided with the opportunity to discuss and review
the terms of this Note and the other Transaction Documents with its counsel before signing it and that it is freely and voluntarily signing
the Transaction Documents in exchange for the benefits provided herein. The Borrower further represents and acknowledges that it has been
provided a reasonable period of time within which to review the terms of the Transaction Documents. In light of this, the Borrower will
not contest the validity of the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated therein, and Borrower represents and acknowledges
that all parties hereto have participated in the preparation of this Note and the other Transaction Documents. In any construction of
the terms of the Note or the other Transaction Documents, the same shall not be construed against either party on the basis of that party
being the drafter of such terms. 

5.14
 Integration . This Note, along with the other Transaction Documents, constitute the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes
all prior negotiations, discussions, representations, or proposals, whether oral or written, unless expressly incorporated herein, related
to the subject matter of the Agreement. Unless expressly provided otherwise herein, this Note may not be modified unless in writing signed
by the duly authorized representatives of the Borrower and the Holder. If any provision or part thereof is found to be invalid, the remaining
provisions will remain in full force and effect. Additionally, Borrower agrees acknowledges that each of the Transaction Documents are
integral to the Note, and their execution by Borrower and the agreement by Borrower to be bound by the terms therein are a material condition
to the Holders agreement to enter into the transaction contemplated under the Transaction Documents. 

[signature page to follow] 

17 

Cardiff Lexington Corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

WE THREE, LLC, d/b/a AFFORDABLE HOUSING INITIATIVE 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EDGE VIEW PROPERTIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

PLATINUM TAX DEFENDERS, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

NOVA ORTHO AND SPINE, PLLC 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

18 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF
NOTICE OF CONVERSION (See Attached) 

19 

EXHIBIT B TRANSFER
AGENT INSTRUCTION LETTER 

(See Attached) 

20 

September 3, 2020 

Transfer Online, Inc. 512 SE Salmon Street Portland. OR 97214 

Re: Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Cardiff Lexington
Corporation, a Florida corporation (the Company and Leonite Capital LLC. a Delaware limited liability company (the - Investor have entered into a securities purchase agreement dated as of September 3, 2020 (the Agreement providing for the issuance
of the convertible promissory note of even date herewith in the principal amount of 733,500 (the Note ). A copy of the Note
and Agreement is attached hereto. As the registrar and transferagent for the Company's common stock, (the Common Stock ),
 the Company requests that you familiarize yourself with your issuance and delivery obligations, as the Company's transfer agent, contained
in the Note. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this instruction letter shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Note. 

All shares
to be issued pursuant to the Note and the Agreement including but not limited to Conversion Shares are to be registered in the names of
the Investor or its assignees as requested by the Investor with the receipt of proper assignment documentation. 

The Transfer
Agent is hereby authorized and directed to promptly disclose to the Investor without any additional confirmation from the Company, after
Investor's request from time to time, the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and the total number of shares
of common stock that are authorized but unissued and unreserved. The Transfer Agent is also authorized to, without any additional confirmation
from the Company, release any information you deem necessary towards the processing, clearing and settlement of the shares arising from
this reservation, as well as effectuate a transfer of all or a portion of the shares of common stock reserved hereunder to any 3rd party
if directed to do so by Investor with the receipt of proper transfer documentation. 

You
are hereby irrevocably authorized and instructed to reserve a sufficient number of shares of common stock (the Reserved Shares of the Company (initially, 2,700,000 shares of common stock which should be held in reserve for the Investor pursuant to the Note)
for issuance upon Conversion of the Note in accordance with the terms thereof and in order to satisfy the Company's obligations to issue
the remaining Equity Interest shares or any other obligations under the Agreement. The amount of Common Stock so reserved may be increased,
from time to time, by written instructions of the Company or the Investor. Such written instruction, when provided by the Investor, shall
be accompanied by a treasury order signed by the Company, for each increase. Such treasury order may be provided by the Company to the
Investor, in blanket form and bearing Company's signature, to be completed by the Investor for each increase requested, and shall be
honored by the Transfer Agent so long as notice is provided to Company for each increase requested by the Investor. Any shares reserved
hereunder may be utilized by the.Investor to satisfy the Company's obligations under the Agreement and the Note, currently issued or
issued in the future, by the Company to the Investor. 

The shares
to be issued pursuant to the Note, including but not limited to the remaining portion of the Equity Interest or upon conversion of the
Note, shall be issued within 3 business days of receipt of a notice with respect to the Note (an Issuance Notice ).
However, the investors may request and be granted a same day order Rush Order if billing on the Company's account is current,
the Investor pays a rush fee, and if the request is received before 1:00 PM PST (if the request is received after 1:00 PM PST, the conversion
will be processed by close of business the following day). The Company hereby irrevocably authorizes your firm to approve any Rush Orders
requested by the Investor. 

21 

The ability to issue
shares pursuant to an Issuance Notice in a timely manner is a material obligation of the Company pursuant to the Note. Your firm is hereby
irrevocably authorized and instructed to issue shares of Common Stock of the Company upon receipt of an Issuance Notice (without any
restrictive legend) to the Investor at the request of the Investor without any further action or confirmation by the Company, in which
the issuance shall be deducted first from the Reserved Amount, and in the event that the Reserved Amount is insufficient to accommodate
the number of shares to be issued pursuant to the Issuance Notice, the Company agrees and directs that you issue the shares that may
be in excess of the Reserved Amount using all then available authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock with receipt of a treasury
order signed by the Company, by either (i) electronically by crediting the account of a Prime Broker with the Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system, provided that the Company has been made FAST/DRS eligible by DTCC (DWAC), or
(ii) in certificated form (if electronic delivery is not possible at that time) without any legend which would restrict the transfer
of the shares, and you should remove all stop-transfer instructions relating to such shares: (A) upon your receipt from the Investor
dated within 90 days from the date of the issuance or transfer request, of: (i) an Issuance Notice executed by the Investor; and (ii)
an opinion of counsel of the Investor, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions (and
satisfactory to the transfer agent), to the effect that the shares of Common Stock of the Company issued to the Investor pursuant to
the Issuance Notice are not restricted securities as a result of an effective registration statement or pursuant to an applicable
exemption (including but not limited to Section 4(a)(1) or Rule 144) and should be issued to the Investor without any restrictive legend;
and (B) the number of shares to be issued is less than 9.99 of the total issued Common Stock of the Company. If an opinion from counsel
is not provided, you are instructed and authorized to issue shares to the Investor as restricted and the associated certificate(s) should
include the customary 144 restrictive legend. 

The Company affirms
that it has appropriately resolved to issue all required Common Stock to the Investor and hereby requests that your firm act without
delay as provided herein and without the need for any action or confirmation by the Company with respect to the issuance of the Common
Stock pursuant to any Issuance Notice received from the Investor. 

The
Investor and the Company understand that Transfer Online, Inc. (the Transfer Agent shall be required to perform any
issuances or transfers of shares pursuant to this letter unless the respective issuance or transfer of shares is prohibited by a
valid court order. If the Company informs you that there is a court order prohibiting such issuances, then the Company must
provide you with a certified copy of such court order prior to the issuance deadline for the respective conversion. 

The Company
shall indemnify you and your officers, directors, principals, partners, agents and representatives, and hold each of them harmless from
and against any and all loss, liability, damage, claim or expense (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of its attorneys)
incurred by or asserted against you or any of them arising out of or in connection the instructions set forth herein, the performance
of your duties hereunder and otherwise in respect hereof, including the costs and expenses of defending yourself or themselves against
any claim or liability hereunder, except that the Company shall not be liable hereunder as to matters in respect of which it is determined
that you have acted with gross negligence or in bad faith. You shall have no liability to the Company in respect to any action taken
or any failure to act in respect of this if such action was taken or omitted to be taken in good faith, and you shall be entitled to
rely in this regard on the advice of counsel. 

The Board
of Directors of the Company has approved the foregoing (irrevocable instructions) and does hereby extend the Company's irrevocable agreement
to indemnify your firm for all loss, liability or expense in carrying out the authority and direction herein contained on the terms herein
set forth. 

The Investor
and Company expressly understand that no conversion will be completed if the Company's account with Transfer Online is not current. If
at the time an Issuance Notice is delivered to your firm the Company is then in arrears to your firm, or has been placed on credit hold,
Investor shall have the right as a condition to such processing to pay the amount necessary to bring the Company's account into good
standing and to include such costs in the conversion amount. 

22 

The Company
agrees that in the event that the Transfer Agent resigns as the Company's transfer agent, the Company shall engage a suitable replacement
transfer agent that will agree to serve as transfer agent for the Company and be bound by the terms and conditions of these Irrevocable
instructions within five (5) business days. The Company shall not terminate the Transfer Agent as the Company's transfer agent without
a signed consent from the Investor. 

The
Investor is intended to be and is a third-party beneficiary hereof, and no amendment or modification to the instructions set forth herein
may be made without the consent of the Investor. 

The Investor
and Company expressly understand and agree that nothing in this irrevocable Transfer Instruction Agreement shall require or be construed
in any way to require the transfer agent to do, take or not to take any action that would be contrary to any federal or state law, rule,
or regulation including but expressly not limited to both the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934 as amended, and the rule and regulations promulgated there under. 

Notwithstanding
anything herein contained to the contrary, Transfer Online, Inc. is not a party to the Agreement and is acting only in the capacity of
an administrator. In addition, the Company must be current in all amounts owed to Transfer Online, Inc. and in good financial standing
with Transfer Online Inc., before lhe issuance of any shares of the Common Stock herein. Should a legal dispute or litigation arise between
the Company and the lnveslor, as a result of the Company" s fai lure to be current in all amounts owed to Transfer Online, lnc., which
might canse a delay in the issuance of shares of the Common Stock hereunder. Transfer Online, Inc. shall not be included in any litigation
between tbe Company and the Investor, nor have any liability to the Company or the ln vcstor. If the Company's account with Transfer
Online is not in good standing. the investor may be provided with the amount owed to Trans1er Online, Inc. and may have the right to
pay the outstanding balance in full and include such payments, as well as other costs of conversion, in the Conversion Amount. No conversion
will be done unless the Company's account with Transfer Online is paid in full. 

(signature page to follow) 

23 

Very truly yours, 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Alex H. Cunningham 

Name: Alex H. Cunningham 

 Title: Chief Investment Officer 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

TRANSFER ONLINE, INC. 

By: /s/ Lori Livingston 

 Name: Lori Livingston 

 Title: President and CEO 

LEONITE CAPITAL LLC 

By: /s/ Avi Geller 

 Name: Avi Geller 

 Title: Chief Investment Officer 

24 

EXHIBIT C SECURITY
AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

(See Attached) 

25 

EXHIBIT X Exchanged Notes 

Security Name 
 Date of Issue 
 Amount 
Outstanding 
as of 
9/16/2022 
 Percentage 
Allocated to 
Cost Basis of 
New Securities 
 CaR Note Allocation ) 
 Series X 
Preferred 
Allocation ) 
 
 SENIOR SECURED 
CONVERTIBLE 
PROMISSORY NOTE 
 July 10, 2018 
 1,512,868.82 
 39.31 
 1,021,938.08 
 589,579.66 
 
 SENIOR SECURED 
CONVERTIBLE 
PROMISSORY NOTE 
 February 21, 2019 
 109,268.69 
 2.84 
 73,810.65 
 42,583.07 
 
 SENIOR SECURED 
CONVERTIBLE 
PROMISSORY NOTE 
 April 10, 2019 
 107,904.84 
 2.80 
 72,889.38 
 42,051.56 
 
 REPLACEMENT 
CONVERTIBLE 
PROMISSORY NOTE 
 July 24, 2018 
 68,556.56 
 1.78 
 46,309.74 
 26,717.16 
 
 SENIOR SECURED 
PROMISSORY NOTE 
 September 9, 2019 
 572,707.35 
 14.88 
 386,862.00 
 223,189.61 
 
 SENIOR SECURED 
CONVERTIBLE 
PROMISSORY NOTE 
 September 3, 2020 
 1,477,712.57 
 38.39 
 998,190.15 
 575,878.93 
 
 TOTAL 
 
 3,849,018.83 
 100 
 2,600,000 
 1,500,000 

26 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 9
 cardiff_ex1004.htm
 PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED SEPTEMBER 22, 2022

Exhibit 10.4 

PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
(the Agreement is made and entered into on September ___, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and
between Cardiff Lexington Corporation , a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Nevada CDIX ,
and the undersigned entities, each of which is a subsidiary of CDIX (referred to hereinafter collectively with CDIX as the Debtor and Leonite Fund I, LP , a limited partnership organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, and its permitted endorsees, transferees
and assigns (collectively, the Secured Party ). 

RECITALS 

A. Concurrently
herewith, Debtor and the Secured Party have entered into a Securities Exchange and Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase
Agreement and certain other agreements, pursuant to which the Debtor issued to the Secured Party that certain Consolidated
Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the Note ), in the principal amount of 2,600,000 . 

B. The
Debtor now enters into this Agreement with the Secured Party as security for Debtor s Obligations (as defined below). 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of their respective promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. 
 Definitions .
Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in
the state of Delaware (the UCC (such as account , adverse claim , 
 chattel paper , deposit account , document , 
 equipment , fixtures , general intangibles , goods , 
 instruments , inventory , investment property , 
 proceeds , and supporting obligations shall have the respective meanings given such terms
in Article 9 of the UCC. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not defined elsewhere herein or in the Securities Purchase
Agreement shall have the meanings set forth below: 

 Collateral 
 means all of the collateral identified on Exhibit A hereto. 

Debtor s
Books means and includes all of Debtor s books and records in any medium or form, including, but not limited to,
all records, ledgers and computer programs, disk or tape files, thumb drives, material stored in the cloud, printouts and
other information indicating, summarizing or evidencing the Collateral. 

Equity
Interests means, with respect to any person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such person of shares of capital stock
of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital
stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such
person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such person (including partnership,
member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests
are outstanding on any date of determination. 

Event of Default 
 has the meaning specified in Section 6 of this Agreement. 

Negotiable Collateral 
 means and includes all of Debtor s presently existing and hereafter acquired or arising letters of credit, advices of credit,
promissory notes, drafts, instruments, documents, Equity Interests in any entity, leases of personal property and chattel paper, as well
as Debtor s Books relating to any of the foregoing. 

1 

Obligations 
 means and includes any and all present or future indebtedness or obligations of Debtor owing to the Secured Party under the Note and
the other Subscription Documents, as defined herein, including, without limitation, (i) all interest and other payments required thereunder
that are not paid when due, and (ii) all of the Secured Party Expenses which Debtor is required to pay or reimburse by this Agreement,
by law, or otherwise. 

Permitted Liens 
 means (i) statutory liens of landlords and liens of carriers, warehousemen, bailees, mechanics, materialmen and other like liens imposed
by law, created in the ordinary course of business and securing amounts not yet due (or which are being contested in good faith, by appropriate
proceedings or other appropriate actions which are sufficient to prevent imminent foreclosure of such liens), and with respect to which
adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are being maintained by Debtor in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP , (ii) deposits made (and the liens thereon) in the ordinary course of business of Debtor (including, without
limitation, security deposits for leases, indemnity bonds, surety bonds and appeal bonds) in connection with workers compensation,
unemployment insurance and other types of social security benefits or to secure the performance of tenders, bids, contracts (other than
for the repayment or guarantee of borrowed money or purchase money obligations), statutory obligations and other similar obligations arising
as a result of progress payments under government contracts, (iii) liens for taxes not yet due and payable or which are being contested
in good faith and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained by Debtor in accordance with GAAP, (iv) purchase money
liens relating to the acquisition of equipment, machinery or other goods of Debtor approved in writing by the Secured Party (which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (v) liens in favor of the Secured Party under the Subscription Documents. 

Pledged
Equity means, with respect to Debtor, 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of any subsidiary that is directly
owned by Debtor, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in each case together with the certificates (or other agreements or instruments),
if any, representing such shares, and all options and other rights, contractual or otherwise, with respect thereto, including, but not
limited to, the following: 

(1) all Equity Interests representing
a dividend thereon, or representing a distribution or return of capital upon or in respect thereof, or resulting from a stock split, revision,
reclassification or other exchange therefor, and any subscriptions, warrants, rights or options issued to the holder thereof, or otherwise
in respect thereof; and 

(2) in the event of any consolidation
or merger involving the issuer thereof and in which such issuer is not the surviving person, all shares of each class of the Equity Interests
of the successor person formed by or resulting from such consolidation or merger, to the extent that such successor person is a direct
subsidiary of an Debtor. 

The term Pledged Equity 
specifically includes, but is not limited to, all rights of Debtor embodied in or arising out of the Debtor s status as a shareholder
or member, consisting of: (a) all economic rights, including without limitation, all rights to share in the profits and losses and all
rights to receive distributions of the assets; and (b) all governance rights, including without limitation, all rights to vote, consent
to action and otherwise participate in the management. 

For avoidance of doubt, nothing
in this Security Agreement, or the other Subscription Documents, shall restrict the Debtor from consummating the Merger (as defined in
the Note), and any shares transferred by the Debtor pursuant to the Merger, shall be excluded from the term Pledged Equity after such
transfer. 

Secured Party
Expenses means and includes (i) all costs or expenses required to be paid by Debtor under this Agreement that are instead
paid or advanced by the Secured Party, including without limitation, all taxes, insurance, satisfaction of liens, securities interests,
encumbrances or other claims at any time levied or placed on the Collateral, (ii) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred to correct
any default or enforce any provision of this Agreement, or in gaining possession of, maintaining, disabling, handling, preserving, storing,
shipping, selling, preparing for sale or advertising to sell all or any part of the Collateral, irrespective of whether a sale is consummated,
and (iii) all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) incurred by the Secured Party in enforcing or
defending this Agreement, irrespective of whether suit is brought. 

2 

Subscription
Documents means and includes the Note, Securities Purchase Agreement and all related documents executed in connection therewith,
including, without limitation, any amendments to any of the foregoing. 

2. 
 Construction . Unless the context of this Agreement clearly requires otherwise, references to the plural include
the singular and vice versa, to the part include the whole, including is not limiting, and or has the inclusive
meaning represented by the phrase and/or. The words hereof, herein, hereby, hereunder, 
and similar terms in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Section
references are to this Agreement, unless otherwise specified. 

3. 
 Creation of Security Interest . In order to secure Debtor s timely payment of the Obligations and timely
performance of each and all of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, the Subscription Documents, and any other document,
instrument or agreement executed by Debtor or delivered by Debtor to the Secured Party in connection with the Obligations, Debtor hereby
unconditionally and irrevocably grants, pledges and hypothecates to the Secured Party a continuing security interest in and to, a lien
upon, assignment of, and right of set-off against, all presently existing and hereafter acquired or arising Collateral. Such security
interest shall be a first priority security interest. Such security interest shall attach to all Collateral without further act on the
part of the Secured Party or Debtor. 

4. 
 Filings; Further Assurances . 

(a) 
 General . The Secured Party is authorized to file a UCC-1 Financing Statement (or its equivalent) with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware and in any other jurisdictions where the Secured Party chooses to file, with respect to the Debtor.
Debtor also authorizes the filing by the Secured Party of such other UCC financing statements, continuation financing statements, fixture
filings, filing appropriate notices in international or federal registries including the United States Patent and Trademark Office, security
agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, chattel mortgages, assignments, assignments of rents, motor vehicle lien acknowledgments and other
documents as the Secured Party may reasonably require in order to perfect, maintain, protect or enforce its security interest in the Collateral
or any portion thereof and in order to fully consummate all of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing,
if so requested by the Secured Party at any time hereafter, Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Secured Party such fixture
filings, agreements, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, chattel mortgages, assignments, motor vehicle lien acknowledgments
and other documents as the Secured Party may reasonably require from such Debtor in order to perfect, maintain, protect or enforce its
rights under this Agreement. Debtor shall promptly deliver to the Secured Party any and all certificates and instruments constituting
the Pledged Equity in suitable form for transfer by delivery and accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in
blank. Debtor hereby irrevocably makes, constitutes and appoints the Secured Party as such Debtor s true and lawful attorney with
power, upon Debtor s failure or refusal to promptly comply with its obligations in this Section 4(a), to sign the name of Debtor
on any of the above-described documents or on any other similar documents which need to be executed, recorded or filed in order to perfect,
maintain, protect or enforce the Secured Party s security interest in the Collateral. Debtor further agrees to enter into such control
agreements with the Secured Party and such third parties as may be necessary to obtain a first priority security interest in the Collateral,
including deposit accounts and Pledged Equity, and agrees to use best efforts to obtain the assent of the third parties to said agreements. 

(b) 
 Mortgage . Debtor hereby authorizes Secured Party to obtain a mortgage on any and all of its real estate. Debtor covenants
and agrees that it will execute any documents, provide any information and take such other action as is requested by Secured Party to
effectuate such mortgage. 

(c) 
 Additional Matters . Without limiting the generality of Section 4(a), Debtor will at the reasonable written request
of the Secured Party, appear in and defend any action or proceeding which is reasonably expected to have a material and adverse effect
with respect to such Debtor s title to, or the security interest of the Secured Party in, the Collateral. 

5. 
 Representations, Warranties and Agreements . Debtor represents, warrants and agrees as follows: 

(a) 
 No Other Encumbrances . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule to the Subscription Agreements, Debtor has
good and marketable title to its Collateral, free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances and rights of any kind, except the Liens
scheduled pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement or as otherwise approved in writing by the Secured Party, and has the right to
pledge, sell, assign or transfer the Collateral. 

3 

(b) 
 Authorization of Pledged Equity . All Pledged Equity is duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and, to
the extent applicable, nonassessable and is not subject to the preemptive rights of any person. 

(c) 
 Security Interest/Priority . This Agreement creates a valid security interest in favor of the Secured party in the
Collateral of Debtor and, when properly perfected by filing shall constitute a valid and perfected first priority security interest in
such Collateral (including all uncertificated Pledged Equity consisting of partnership or limited liability company interests that do
not constitute securities), to the extent such security interest can be perfected by filing under the UCC, free and clear of all liens
except for liens permitted by the Securities Purchase Agreement. The taking possession by the Secured Party of the certificated securities
(if any) evidencing the Pledged Equity and all other Instruments constituting Collateral will perfect and establish the first priority
of the Secured Party s security interest in all the Pledged Equity evidenced by such certificated securities and such instruments.
With respect to any Collateral consisting of a deposit account, investment property, securities entitlement or held in a securities account,
upon execution and delivery by the Debtor, the applicable depository bank or securities intermediary and the Secured Party of an agreement
granting control to the Secured Party over such Collateral, the Secured Party shall have a valid and perfected first priority security
interest in such Collateral. 

(d) 
 Consents; Etc. There are no restrictions in any organizational document governing any Pledged Equity or any other
document related thereto which would limit or restrict (i) the grant of a security interest pursuant to this Agreement in such Pledged
Equity, (ii) the perfection of such security interest or (iii) the exercise of remedies in respect of such perfected security interest
in the Pledged Equity as contemplated by this Agreement. Except for (i) the filing or recording of UCC financing statements, (ii) the
filing of appropriate notices with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office; with other applicable
international registries, federal registries; and with local registries regarding assignments of rents and fixture filings, (iii) obtaining
control to perfect the security interests created by this Agreement (to the extent required under Section 4 hereof), (iv) such actions
as may be required by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities, and (v) consents, authorizations, filings or other actions which
have been obtained or made, no consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act by or in respect of, any arbitrator or governmental
authority and no consent of any other person (including, without limitation, any stockholder, member or creditor of Debtor), is required
for (A) the grant by Debtor of the security interest in the Collateral granted hereby or for the execution, delivery or performance
of this Agreement by Debtor, (B) the perfection of such security interest (to the extent such security interest can be perfected
by filing under the UCC, the granting of control (to the extent required, or as provided in Section 4(a) hereof) or by filing an appropriate
notice with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office or other applicable registry) or (C) the
exercise by the Secured party of the rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement. 

(e) 
 Location of Place(s) of Business . All places of business of Debtor, including the identification of the principal
place of business of Debtor, and the address(es) at which the Collateral is (are) located, are indicated on Schedule 5(e) hereto. Debtor
shall not, without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Secured Party, relocate such principal place of business or the
Collateral, with no relocation being permitted outside the United States in any event. 

(f) 
 Right to Inspect the Collateral . The Secured Party shall have the right, during usual business hours of the Debtor
and upon reasonable advance notice, to inspect and examine the Collateral. Debtor agrees that any reasonable expenses incurred by the
Secured Party in connection with this Section 5(f) during the continuance of an Event of Default shall constitute Secured Party Expenses. 

(g) 
 Negative Covenants . Except for sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business, Debtor shall not (i) sell, lease
or otherwise dispose of, relocate or transfer, any of the Collateral, except dispositions of Collateral that is worn out, obsolete or
no longer necessary in the business of Debtor, (ii) allow any liens on or grant security interests in the Collateral except the Permitted
Liens or (iii) change the Debtor s name or add any new fictitious name without the written consent of the Secured Party. 

(h) 
 Further Information . Debtor shall promptly supply the Secured Party with such information concerning Debtor and Debtor s
business as the Secured Party may reasonably request from time-to-time hereafter, and shall within five (5) business days of obtaining
knowledge thereof, notify the Secured Party of any event which constitutes an Event of Default. 

4 

(i) 
 Solvency . Debtor is now and shall be at all times hereafter able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they
mature. 

(j) 
 Secured Party Expenses . Debtor shall, within fifteen (15) business days of written demand from the Secured Party
accompanied by adequate documentation of such expenses, reimburse the Secured Party for all sums expended by it which constitute Secured
Party Expenses and, in the event that Debtor does not pay any Secured Party Expenses payable to a third party within fifteen (15) business
days after notice thereof, then the Secured Party may immediately and without further notice pay such Secured Party Expenses on Debtor s
behalf. All such expenses shall become a part of the Obligations and, at the Secured Party s option, will (i) be payable on demand
or (ii) be added to the balance of the Note and be payable proportionately with any installment payments that become due during the remaining
term of the Note or, (iii) at Secured Party s option, may be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the maturity
of the Note. This Agreement shall also secure payment of those amounts. 

(k) 
 Commercial Tort Claims . Debtor has no pending commercial tort claim (as a plaintiff) against any individual or entity
(a Commercial Claim ). Debtor shall promptly deliver to the Secured Party notice of any Commercial Claim that a Debtor may
bring against any individual or entity, together with such information with respect thereto as the Secured Party may reasonably request.
Within ten (10) days after a written request by the Secured Party, Debtor shall grant the Secured Party a security interest in any pending
Commercial Claim to the extent such security interest is permitted by applicable law. 

(l) 
 Reliance by the Secured Party ; Representations Cumulative . Each representation, warranty and agreement contained
in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been relied on by the Secured Party regardless of any investigation made or information
possessed by the Secured Party. The representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein shall be cumulative and in addition to
any and all other representations, warranties and agreements set forth in the Subscription Documents or any other documents created after
the Closing Date and signed by Debtor. 

6. 
 Events of Default . The occurrence of any Event of Default under the Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement,
after the expiration of any applicable grace or cure period provided therein, shall constitute an Event of Default 
by Debtor under this Agreement. 

7. 
 Rights and Remedies . 

(a) 
 Rights and Remedies of the Secured Party . 

(i) 
 Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without notice of election and without demand, the
Secured Party may cause any one or more of the following to occur, all of which are authorized by Debtor: 

(A) 
 The Secured Party may make such payments and do such acts as it reasonably considers necessary to protect its security interest
in the Collateral. Debtor agrees to promptly assemble and make available the Collateral if the Secured Party so requires. Debtor authorizes
the Secured Party to enter the premises where any of the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of the Collateral, or any
part thereof, and pay, purchase, contest or compromise any encumbrance, claim, right or lien which, in the reasonable opinion of the Secured
Party, appears to be prior or superior to its security interest in violation of this Agreement, and to pay all reasonable expenses incurred
in connection therewith. 

(B) 
 The Secured Party shall be automatically deemed to be granted a license or other appropriate right to use, without charge
or representation or warranty, Debtor s labels, patents, copyrights, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks
and advertising matter, and any other property of a similar nature, as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising
for sale and selling any Collateral. 

(C) 
 The Secured Party may ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale and
sell (in the manner provided for herein) the Collateral. 

5 

(D) 
 The Secured Party may sell the Collateral at either a public or private sale, or both (which in the case of a private sale
of Pledged Equity, shall be to a restricted group of purchasers who will be obligated to agree, among other things, to acquire such securities
for their own accounts, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof), by way of one or more contracts or
transactions, for cash or on terms, in such manner and at such places (including Debtor s premises) as is commercially reasonable
(it not being necessary that the Collateral be present at any such sale) for the purposes of satisfying the Obligations. In the case of
a sale of Pledged Equity, the Secured Party shall have no obligation to delay sale of any such securities for the period of time necessary
to permit the issuer of such securities to register such securities for public sale under the Securities Act of 1933. Debtor further acknowledges
and agrees that any offer to sell any Pledged Equity which has been (i) publicly advertised on a bona fide basis in a newspaper or
other publication of general circulation in the financial community of New York, New York (to the extent that such offer may be advertised
without prior registration under the Securities Act of 1933), or (ii) made privately in the manner described above shall be deemed
to involve a public sale under the UCC, notwithstanding that such sale may not constitute a public offering 
under the Securities Act of 1933, and the Secured Party may, in such event, bid for the purchase of such securities. 

(E) 
 The Secured Party shall be entitled to give notice of the disposition of the Collateral as follows: (1) the Secured Party
shall give Debtor a notice in writing of the time and place of public sale, or, if the sale is a private sale or some other disposition
other than a public sale is to be made of the Collateral, the time on or after which the private sale or other disposition is to be made,
(2) the notice shall be personally delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to Debtor at least ten (10) days before the date fixed for the
sale, or at least ten (10) days before the date on or after which the private sale or other disposition is to be made, unless the Collateral
is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value, in which case the Secured Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
provide such notice to Debtor as far in advance of such disposition as is practicable. 

(F) 
 The Secured Party may purchase all or any portion of the Collateral at any public sale by credit bid or other appropriate
payment therefor. 

(G) 
 To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Secured Party shall have the following rights and remedies regarding the
appointment of a receiver: (1) the Secured Party may have a receiver appointed as a matter of right, (2) the receiver may be an employee
of the Secured Party and may serve without bond, and (3) all fees of the receiver and his or her attorney shall be Secured Party Expenses
and become part of the Obligations and shall be payable on demand, with interest at the Rate specified in the Note from the date of expenditure
until repaid. 

(H) 
 To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Secured Party, either itself or through a receiver, may collect the payments,
rents, income, dividends, distributions and revenues (together, Revenue from the Collateral. The Secured Party may at any
time, in its reasonable discretion, transfer any Collateral into its own name or that of its nominee(s) and receive the Revenue therefrom
and hold the same as security for the Obligations or apply it to payment of the Obligations in such order of preference as the Secured
Party may determine. Insofar as the Collateral consists of accounts, general intangibles, loans receivable, insurance policies, instruments,
chattel paper, choses in action, or similar property, the Secured Party may demand, collect, issue receipts for, settle, compromise, adjust,
sue for, foreclose, or otherwise realize on the Collateral as the Secured Party may determine (in its reasonable discretion), whether
or not the Obligations are then due. For these purposes, the Secured Party may, on behalf of and in the name of Debtor, (1) receive, open,
and dispose of mail addressed to Debtor; (2) change any address to which mail and payments are to be sent; and (3) endorse notes, checks,
drafts, money orders, documents of title, instruments and items pertaining to the payment, shipment, or storage of any Collateral. To
facilitate collection, the Secured Party may notify account debtors and Debtor on any Collateral to make payments directly to the Secured
Party. 

6 

(ii) 
 The Secured Party may deduct from the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral all Secured Party Expenses incurred in connection
with the enforcement and exercise of any of the rights and remedies of the Secured Party provided for herein, irrespective of whether
suit is commenced. If such deduction does not occur (in the Secured Party s reasonable discretion), upon demand, Debtor shall pay
all of such Secured Party Expenses. Any deficiency which exists after disposition of the Collateral as provided herein will be paid immediately
by Debtor, and any excess that exists will be returned, without interest and subject to the rights of third parties, to Debtor by the
Secured Party; provided , however , that if any excess exists at a time when any of the Obligations remain outstanding, such
excess shall instead remain as part of the Collateral and continue to be subject to the security interest in Section 3(a) above until
such time as all of the Obligations have been fully satisfied or otherwise terminated. 

(iii) 
 Voting and payment Rights in Respect of the Pledged Equity . 

(A) 
 So long as no Event of Default shall exist, Debtor may (1) exercise any and all voting and other rights pertaining to the
Pledged Equity of such Debtor or any part thereof for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or the Securities
Purchase Agreement and (2) receive and retain any and all dividends (other than stock dividends and other dividends constituting
Collateral which are addressed hereinabove), principal or interest paid in respect of the Pledged Equity to the extent they are allowed
under the Securities Purchase Agreement; and 

(B) 
 During the continuance of an Event of Default, (1) all rights of an Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which
it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to clause (A)(1) above shall cease and all such rights shall thereupon become vested
in the Secured Party which shall then have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights, (2) all rights of an Debtor
to receive the dividends, principal and interest payments which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain pursuant to clause
(A)(2) above shall cease and all such rights shall thereupon be vested in the Secured Party which shall then have the sole right to receive
and hold as Collateral such dividends, principal and interest payments, and (3) all dividends, principal and interest payments which are
received by a Debtor contrary to the provisions of clause (B)(2) above shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Secured Party,
shall be segregated from other property or funds of such Debtor, and shall be forthwith paid over to the Secured Party as Collateral in
the exact form received, to be held by the Secured Party as Collateral and as further collateral security for the Secured Obligations. 

(b) 
 Rights and Remedies Cumulative . The rights and remedies of the Secured Party under this Agreement and any other agreements
and documents delivered or executed in connection with the Obligations shall be cumulative. The Secured Party shall also have all other
rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as are provided under applicable law, or in equity. No exercise by the Secured Party of
any one right or remedy shall be deemed an election. 

8. 
 Additional Waivers . The Secured Party shall not in any way or manner be liable or responsible for (i) the
safekeeping of the Collateral, (ii) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising in any manner or fashion from any cause, (iii) any
diminution in the value thereof or (iv) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, forwarding agency or other person whomsoever,
except to the extent that such loss, damage, liability, cost or expense has resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
the Secured Party or its affiliates. If the Secured Party at any time has possession of any Collateral, whether before or after an Event
of Default, the Secured Party shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral if the
Secured Party takes such action for that purpose as Debtor shall request or as the Secured Party, in its reasonable discretion, shall
deem appropriate under the circumstances, but failure to honor any request by Debtor shall not of itself be deemed to be a failure to
exercise reasonable care. The Secured Party shall not be required to take any steps necessary to preserve any rights in the Collateral
against prior parties, nor to protect, preserve, or maintain any security interest given to secure the Obligations. 

9. 
 Notices . All notices or demands by any party relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing as provided
in the Note, and such notices shall be delivered to the addresses indicated therein. Each party shall provide written notice to the other
party of any change in address. 

7 

10. 
 Choice of Law . The validity of this Agreement, its construction, interpretation and enforcement, and the rights
of the parties hereunder and concerning the Collateral, shall be determined under, governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws
of the state of Delaware as applied to contracts made and to be fully performed in such state, without regard to the conflicts of laws
provisions thereof, except to the extent that the validity, perfection or enforcement of a security interest hereunder in respect of any
Collateral is governed by the laws of the state of Delaware or some other jurisdiction, in which case such laws shall govern. 

11. 
 Waiver of Jury Trial . THE DEBTOR WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION
OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

12. 
 General Provisions . 

(a) 
 Effectiveness . This Agreement shall be binding and deemed effective against Debtor when executed by Debtor and the
Secured Party. 

(b) 
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted endorsees,
transferees and assigns of the Secured Party. Debtor shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, and any such
assignment shall be absolutely void. 

(c) 
 Section Headings . Section headings are for convenience only. 

(d) 
 Interpretation . No uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved against the Secured Party or Debtor,
whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning
of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of the parties. 

(e) 
 Severability of Provisions . Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this
Agreement for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision. 

(f) 
 Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement and the agreements and documents referenced herein contain the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter covered herein and supersede all prior agreements, negotiations and understandings,
written or oral, with respect to such subject matter. No provision of this Agreement shall be waived or amended other than by an instrument
in writing signed by Debtor and the Secured Party. 

(g) 
 Good Faith . The parties intend and agree that their respective rights, duties, powers, liabilities and obligations
shall be performed, carried out, discharged and exercised reasonably and in good faith. 

(h) 
 Waiver and Consent . No delay or omission on the part of the Secured Party in exercising any right shall operate as
a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by the Secured Party of a provision of this Agreement or any other agreement between
or among the parties shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of the Secured Party s right otherwise to demand strict compliance
with that provision or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by the Secured Party, nor any course of dealing between
the Secured Party and Debtor, shall constitute a waiver of any of the Secured Party s rights or of any of Debtor s obligations
as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of the Secured Party is required under this Agreement, the granting of such consent
by the Secured Party in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required, and
in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in the reasonable discretion of the Secured Party. 

(i) 
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered,
shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement. 

8 

(j) 
 Termination . Upon full satisfaction or other termination of the Obligations (i) the Secured Party shall release and
return to Debtor all of the Collateral and any and all certificates and other documentation representing or relating to the Collateral
and (ii) the security interests provided for under this Agreement shall be terminated and of no further force and effect. At Debtor s
expense, the Secured Party shall take all actions reasonably requested by Debtor in connection with the foregoing. 

(k) 
 Consent of Debtor as Issuers of Pledged Equity . Debtor/issuer of Pledged Equity party to this Agreement hereby acknowledges,
consents and agrees to the grant of the security interests in such Pledged Equity pursuant to this Agreement, together with all rights
accompanying such security interest as provided by this Agreement and applicable law, notwithstanding any anti-assignment provisions in
any operating agreement, limited partnership agreement or similar organizational or governance documents of such issuer. 

[ remainder of page intentionally left blank ] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized persons on the date first written above. 

The Debtor: 

The Secured Party: 

Cardiff Lexington Corp: 
 
 LEONITE CAPITAL LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Avi Geller 
 
 Name: Alex Cunningham 
 
 Name: Avi Geller 
 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Title: Chief Investment Officer 

WE THREE, LLC, d/b/a 

AFFORDABLE HOUSING INITIATIVE 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EDGE VIEW PROPERTIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

PLATINUM TAX DEFENDERS, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

NOVA ORTHO AND SPINE, PLLC 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[ signature page to Security Agreement ] 

10 

Schedule 5(e) 

Addresses of Debtor/Principal
Place of Business of Debtor 

Cardiff Lexington Corporation 

 401 East Las Olas Boulevard,
Suite 1400 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 

Nova Otho and Spine, PLLC 
1903 S 25th Street, Suite 103 
Fort Pierce, FL 34947 

Platinum
Tax Defenders 

 3753
Howard Hughes Pkwy, Suite 200-876 

 Las
Vegas, NV 89169 

Edge
View Properties, Inc. 

 1311
Bryan Ave 

 Salmon,
ID 83467-3041 

We
Three, LLC. (d.b.a. Affordable Housing Initiative) 

 P.O.
Box 6531 

 Maryville,
TN 37802 

 (Street
Address: 1579 Mint Meadows Drive 

 Maryville,
TN 37803) 

11 

EXHIBIT A 

COLLATERAL 

Applicable Definitions: 

In addition
to the definitions of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Delaware, the following defined terms are used herein: 

Debtor s
Books means and includes all of Debtor s books and records in any medium or form, including, but not limited to,
all records, ledgers and computer programs, disk or tape files, thumb drives, material stored in the cloud, printouts and
other information indicating, summarizing or evidencing the Collateral. 

Equity
Interests means, with respect to any person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such person of shares of capital stock
of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital
stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such
person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such person (including partnership,
member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests
are outstanding on any date of determination. 

Negotiable Collateral 
 means and includes all of Debtor s presently existing and hereafter acquired or arising letters of credit, advices of credit,
promissory notes, drafts, instruments, documents, Equity Interests in any entity, leases of personal property and chattel paper, as well
as Debtor s Books relating to any of the foregoing. 

Pledged
Equity means, with respect to Debtor, 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of any subsidiary that is directly
owned by Debtor, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in each case together with the certificates (or other agreements or instruments),
if any, representing such shares, and all options and other rights, contractual or otherwise, with respect thereto, including, but not
limited to, the following: 

(1) all Equity Interests representing
a dividend thereon, or representing a distribution or return of capital upon or in respect thereof, or resulting from a stock split, revision,
reclassification or other exchange therefor, and any subscriptions, warrants, rights or options issued to the holder thereof, or otherwise
in respect thereof; and 

(2) in the event of any consolidation
or merger involving the issuer thereof and in which such issuer is not the surviving person, all shares of each class of the Equity Interests
of the successor person formed by or resulting from such consolidation or merger, to the extent that such successor person is a direct
subsidiary of an Debtor. 

The term Pledged Equity 
specifically includes, but is not limited to, all rights of Debtor embodied in or arising out of the Debtor s status as a shareholder
or member, consisting of: (a) all economic rights, including without limitation, all rights to share in the profits and losses and all
rights to receive distributions of the assets; and (b) all governance rights, including without limitation, all rights to vote, consent
to action and otherwise participate in the management. 

Identification of Collateral: 

All of the right,
title and interest of Debtor in and to the following property, wherever located and whether now owned by Debtor or hereafter acquired
by Debtor: 

1. 
 All accounts, chattel paper, contracts, contract rights, accounts receivable, tax refunds, tax credits,
Notes receivable, Pledged Equity, documents, choses in action and general intangibles, including, but not limited to, proceeds of inventory
and returned goods and proceeds from the sale of goods and services, and all rights, liens, securities, guaranties, remedies and privileges
related thereto, including the right of stoppage in transit and rights and property of any kind forming the subject matter of any of the
foregoing; 

12 

2. 
 All certificates of deposit and all time, savings, demand, or other deposit accounts in the name of
Debtor or in which Debtor has any right, title or interest, including but not limited to all sums now or at any time hereafter on deposit,
and any renewals, extensions or replacements of and all other property which may from time to time be acquired directly or indirectly
using the proceeds of any of the foregoing; 

3. 
 All inventory and equipment of every type or description wherever located, including, but not limited
to all raw materials, parts, containers, work in process, finished goods, goods in transit, wares, merchandise, furniture, fixtures, hardware,
machinery, tools, parts, supplies, automobiles, trucks, other intangible property of whatever kind and wherever located associated with
the Debtor's business, tools and goods returned for credit, repossessed, reclaimed or otherwise reacquired by Debtor; 

4. 
 All documents of title and other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed
in respect of, exchange or substitution for or addition to any of the foregoing including, but not limited to, any documents of title; 

5. 
 All know-how, information, labels, permits, patents, copyrights, goodwill, trademarks, trade names,
licenses and approvals held by Debtor, including all other intangible property of Debtor; 

6. 
 All assets of any type or description that may at any time be assigned or delivered to or come into
possession of Debtor for any purpose for the account of Debtor or as to which Debtor may have any right, title, interest or power, and
property in the possession or custody of or in transit to anyone for the account of Debtor, as well as all proceeds and products thereof
and accessions and annexations thereto; 

7. 
 Debtor s tangible and intangible personal property assets, including, but not limited to, all of the following: (i) all accounts,
health-care-insurance receivables, cash and currency, chattel paper, deposit accounts, documents, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles,
instruments, intellectual property, inventory, investment property, Negotiable Collateral, loans receivable, motor vehicles, Pledged Equity,
goods, supporting obligations, Debtor s Books, and such other assets of Debtor as may hereafter arise or Debtor may hereafter acquire
or in which the Secured Party may from time-to-time obtain a security interest, and (ii) the proceeds of any of the foregoing, including,
but not limited to, proceeds of insurance covering the foregoing or any portion thereof; provided , however, that notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Collateral does not include any hazardous waste as that term is
defined under 42 U.S.C. section 6903(5), as such section may be from time to time amended, or under any regulations thereunder; and 

8. 
 All proceeds (including but not limited to insurance proceeds), products of, and accessions and annexations
of any of the foregoing. 

13 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 10
 cardiff_ex1005.htm
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JUNE 1, 2021, BETWEEN CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SILAC INSURANCE COMPAN

Exhibit 10.5 

SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of June 1, 2021, by and between Cardiff
Lexington Corporation , a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and the undersigned subscribing investor
(the Purchaser ). 

R ecitalS 

A. The Company is seeking investors to invest up to Three Million One Hundred Thousand Dollars 3,100,000) (the Offering ),
in units of Four Dollars 4.00) each (each a Unit and collectively the Units ). This Agreement
is one of a series of similar agreements being executed by other investors in this Offering (each an Investor and,
collectively, the Investors ). The Preferred Shares (as defined below) being issued to the Purchaser shall rank equally
without preference or priority of any kind over Preferred Shares being issued to other Investors and all payments on account of dividends
or redemption with respect to any of the Preferred Shares or the Warrants shall be applied ratably and proportionately on the basis of
the Stated Value (as defined in the Designation) of the outstanding Preferred Shares or the number of Warrant Shares (as defined in the
Warrant), as applicable, represented thereby. 

B. 
 Each Unit consists of one (1) Series N Senior Convertible Preferred Share (the Preferred Share ), the certificate
of designation of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Designation ), and one (1) warrant to purchase
one (1) share of Common Stock, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Warrant and, together
with the Preferred Share and the shares of Common Stock to be acquired upon the conversion of any Preferred Share and/or exercise of the
Warrant, the Securities ). 

C. The Warrant is exercisable for a period of five (5) years at 0.015 per share of Common Stock. 

D. The Company desires to sell, and the Purchaser desires to purchase, the number of Units set forth below on the terms and conditions
set forth herein. 

E. The Company and the Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration
afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule 506(b) promulgated
by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Act. 

F. The
lead investor, as designated on that respective Purchaser s signature page (the Lead Investor is investing
 _______________ in this Offering. 

Now
Therefore , in consideration of the foregoing, and the representations, warranties, covenants and conditions set forth below, the
Company and the Purchaser, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. Purchase Of Units 

On the Closing Date (as hereinafter
defined), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase, and the Company hereby
agrees to sell, the number of Units of the Company indicated on the signature page below, at a per-unit purchase price of Three Dollars
and Sixty Cents 3.60) per Unit, for the total purchase price set forth on the signature page below (the Purchase Price ). 

1 

2. Closing and Delivery 

2.1 
 Closing Date . Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section
6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be 4:00 PM, Eastern Time on the date first written above, or such other mutually agreed upon time. 

2.2 
 Closing . The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall
occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

2.3 Delivery . At the Closing, or as promptly as commercially reasonable thereafter, the Purchaser shall deliver the
Purchase Price to the Company and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser the Preferred Shares, the Warrants and such other customary
instruments of transfer, assumption, filings or documents, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, as may be required
to give effect to this Agreement. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company 

Except as set forth in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedule delivered to the Purchaser concurrently herewith and attached hereto as Schedule I 
(the Disclosure Schedule or as disclosed in the Disclosure Materials (as defined below), the Company hereby makes
the following representations and warranties as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Purchaser: 

3.1 Organization, Good Standing and Qualification . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) is
a corporation, limited liability company, or other business entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has the requisite power and authority to
own and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The Company and
each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified and is authorized to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or limited
liability company in all jurisdictions in which the nature of its activities and of its properties (both owned and leased) makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably
be expected to result in (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Subscription Document, (ii)
a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or financial condition of Company and the Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or (iii) adversely impair the Company s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations
under any Subscription Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect provided, however, that none
of the following, either alone or taken together with other changes, events, results, occurrences, developments or effects, will constitute,
or be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect: (a) changes, events, occurrences
or developments in, or effects or results arising from or relating to, general business or economic conditions affecting the industry
in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate, (b) changes, events, occurrences or developments in, or effects or results arising
from or relating to, national or international political or social conditions, including the engagement by the United States in hostilities
or the escalation thereof, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence or the escalation
of any military, cyber or terrorist attack upon the United States, or any of its territories, possessions, or diplomatic or consular offices
or upon any military installation, asset, equipment or personnel of the United States, (c) changes, events, occurrences or developments
in, or effects or results arising from or relating to, financial, banking, or securities markets (including (w) any disruption of any
of the foregoing markets, (x) any change in currency exchange rates, (y) any decline or rise in the price of any security, commodity,
contract or index and (z) any increased cost, or decreased availability, of capital or pricing or terms related to any financing for the
Acquisition), (d) changes in, or effects arising from or relating to, any earthquake, hurricane, tsunami, tornado, flood, mudslide or
other natural disaster, pandemic (including COVID-19), weather condition, explosion or fire or other force majeure event or act of God
or (e) any change in, or effect arising from or related to changes in, GAAP or other accounting requirements or principles or the interpretation
thereof. 

2 

3.2 Power . The Company has all requisite power and authority to issue the Preferred Shares and Warrants and to execute
and deliver this Agreement, the Designation, the Warrants, the Security Agreement (attached here to as Exhibit C) and the other instruments,
documents and agreements being entered into at the Closing (each a Subscription Document and collectively, the Subscription
Documents and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Subscription Documents. 

3.3 Subsidiaries . Section 3.3 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and correct description of all of the
Company s Subsidiaries and the capitalization thereof (including options, warrants and other such equity), pro forma as of the date
hereof reflecting all pending acquisitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Subsidiary means, with respect
to the Company, any corporation or other entity of which at least a majority of the outstanding shares of stock or other ownership interests
having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or persons performing similar functions)
of such corporation or entity (regardless of whether or not at the time, in the case of a corporation, stock of any other class or classes
of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly
owned or controlled by the Company or one or more of its Affiliates and the term Affiliate means, as to any person
(the Subject Person ), any other person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls or
is controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common control with, the Subject Person. For the purposes of this definition, control 
when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, through representation on such person s board of directors or other management committee
or group, by contract or otherwise. All references contained herein to the terms Subsidiary or Affiliate, shall be applicable to all Subsidiaries
and Affiliates whether they existed as of the date hereof or were created, acquired, or otherwise came to be included in the foregoing
terms subsequent to the date hereof. 

3.4 Authorization . All limited liability company action on the part of the Company, its directors and its shareholders
necessary for the authorization of the Subscription Documents and the execution, delivery and performance of all obligations of the Company
under the Subscription Documents, including the issuance and delivery of the Preferred Shares, the Warrants, and the reservation of the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares and upon exercise of the Warrant (collectively, the Underlying
Securities has been taken or will be taken prior to the issuance of such Underlying Securities. The Subscription Documents,
when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with
their terms, subject to laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, the relief of debtors and, with respect to rights
to indemnity, subject to federal and state securities laws. The Underlying Securities, when issued in compliance with the provisions of
the Subscription Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free of any lien, pledge, mortgage, deed of trust,
security interest, charge, claim, easement, encroachment or other similar encumbrance Lien and issued in compliance
with all applicable federal and securities laws. 

3.5 Governmental Consents . Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other foreign, federal, state, local or other governmental
authority or other person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Subscription Documents, other
than (a) applicable Blue Sky filings, (b) such as have already been obtained or such exemptive filings as are required to be made under
applicable securities laws, (c) such other filings that have been made pursuant to applicable state securities laws and post-sale filings
pursuant to applicable state and federal securities laws which the Company undertakes to file within the applicable time periods. Subject
to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section 4 hereof, the Company has taken all action
necessary to exempt: (i) the issuance and sale of the Units, (ii) the issuance of the Underlying Securities upon due conversion of the
Preferred Shares and due exercise of the Warrant, and (iii) the other transactions contemplated by the Subscription Documents from the
provisions of any preemptive rights, stockholder rights plan or other poison pill arrangement, any anti-takeover, business
combination or control share law or statute binding on the Company or to which the Company or any of its assets and properties may be
subject and any provision of the Company s certificate of formation, operating agreement, or other organizational documentation,
as the case may be, that is or could reasonably be expected to become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the transactions contemplated
hereby, including without limitation, the issuance of the Preferred Shares and Warrants and the Underlying Securities (collectively, the
 Securitie s and the ownership, disposition or voting of the Securities by the Purchaser or the exercise of any right
granted to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or the other Subscription Documents. 

3 

3.6 Compliance with Laws . Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any applicable statute, rule, regulation,
order or restriction of any domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or agency thereof in respect of the conduct of its business
or the ownership of its properties, which violation would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 

3.7 Compliance with Other Instruments . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation or default of
any term of its organizational documents, or of any provision of any mortgage, indenture or contract to which it is a party and by which
it is bound or of any judgment, decree, order or writ, other than such violations that would not individually or in the aggregate have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The execution, delivery and performance of the Subscription Documents, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Documents will not result in any such violation or be in conflict with, or constitute,
with or without the passage of time and giving of notice, either a default under any such provision, instrument, judgment, decree, order
or writ or an event that results in the creation of any Lien upon any assets of the Company or the suspension, revocation, impairment,
forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
its business or operations or any of its assets or properties. The sale of the Preferred Shares, the issuance of the Warrant and the subsequent
issuance of the Underlying Securities are not and will not be subject to any preemptive rights or rights of first refusal that have not
been properly waived or complied with. 

3.8 Offering . Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 4
hereof, the offer, issue, and sale of Securities are and will be exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of
the Securities Act, and have been registered or qualified (or are exempt from registration and qualification) under the registration,
permit, or qualification requirements of all applicable state securities laws. No bad actor disqualifying event described
in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event is applicable to the Company or, to
the Company s knowledge, any person listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act, except for a Disqualification
Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii iv) or (d)(3), is applicable. 

3.9 Capitalization . Company has authorized shares as set forth in Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule. All outstanding
shares of capital stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and have been issued in compliance with all
applicable securities laws. Except for the Preferred Shares, Warrants and the Underlying Securities or as otherwise listed in Section
3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding options, warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any
character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving
any person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which
Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Common Stock, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable
into shares of common stock. There are no price based anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by
Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) and the issue and sale of the Securities will not obligate Company
to issue shares of common stock or other securities to any person (other than the Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder
of Company s securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under such securities. Except as set forth in
Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock of each Subsidiary free and clear
of any Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights. 

4 

3.10 SEC Reports; Financial Statements . The Company has filed all reports and registration statements required to
be filed by it under (i) the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or (ii) under the Alternative Reporting Standard as offered by OTC Markets
Group, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports and,
together with the Disclosure Schedule to this Agreement, the Disclosure Materials ). As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. Except as indicated in Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Schedule, the financial statements of
the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the SEC or OTC Markets as applicable, with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved GAAP ),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

3.11 Material Changes. Since the date of the latest financial statements, (i) there has been no event, occurrence
or development that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or that could result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has
not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities incurred
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company s
financial statements pursuant to GAAP or required to be disclosed in filings made with the SEC, (iii) the Company has not altered its
method of accounting or the identity of its auditors, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or
other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock,
and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock-based
plans or agreements. 

3.12 Litigation . There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action which: (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of
any of the Subscription Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the
subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by governmental
authority, or any litigation civil or otherwise, involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company or
its Subsidiaries. 

3.13 Labor Relations . Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreements
or other agreements with labor organizations. Neither Company nor any Subsidiary has violated in any material respect any laws, regulations,
orders or contract terms, affecting the collective bargaining rights of employees, labor organizations or any laws, regulations or orders
affecting employment discrimination, equal opportunity employment, or employees health, safety, welfare, wages and hours. No material
labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company which could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

5 

3.14 Regulatory Permits . Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued
by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where
the failure to possess such permits would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect Material
Permits ), and neither Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit. 

3.15 Title to Assets. Except as set forth in Section 3.15 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company and the Subsidiaries
have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them that is material to the business of Company and the Subsidiaries
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by Company and the Subsidiaries and Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under
lease by Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases of which Company and the Subsidiaries
are in compliance. 

3.16 Taxes. 

(a) 
 Except as otherwise itemized in Section 3.16 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company and its Subsidiaries have timely and properly
filed all tax returns required to be filed by them for all years and periods (and portions thereof) for which any such tax returns were
due, except where the failure to so file would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all such filed tax returns are accurate in all material
respects; the Company has timely paid all taxes due and payable (whether or not shown on filed tax returns), except where the failure
to so pay would not have a Material Adverse Effect; there are no pending assessments, asserted deficiencies or claims for additional taxes
that have not been paid; the reserves for taxes, if any, reflected in the financial statements are adequate, and there are no Liens for
taxes on any property or assets of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries (other than Liens for taxes not yet due and payable); there
have been no audits or examinations of any tax returns by any (a) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality,
district or other jurisdiction of any nature; (b) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government; or (c) governmental or
quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental or administrative division, department, agency, commission, instrumentality,
official, organization, unit, body or entity) and any court or other tribunal (a Governmental Body ), and the Company
or its Subsidiaries have not received any notice that such audit or examination is pending or contemplated; no claim has been made by
any Governmental Body in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not file tax returns that it is or may be subject
to taxation by that jurisdiction; to the knowledge of the Company, no state of facts exists or has existed which would constitute grounds
for the assessment of any penalty or any further tax liability beyond that shown on the respective tax returns; and there are no outstanding
agreements or waivers extending the statutory period of limitation for the assessment or collection of any tax. 

(b) 
 Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any tax-sharing agreement or similar arrangement with any
other Person. 

(c) 
 The Company has made all necessary disclosures required by Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4. The Company has not been
a participant in a reportable transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b). 

(d) 
 No payment or benefit paid or provided, or to be paid or provided, to current or former employees, directors or other service
providers of the Company will fail to be deductible for federal income tax purposes under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code ). 

6 

3.17 Patents and Trademarks. Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and other similar rights that are necessary or material
for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Right s ). Neither Company nor any Subsidiary
has received a written notice that the Intellectual Property Rights used by Company or any Subsidiary violates or infringes upon the rights
of any Person. All such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable. Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect
Company s and its Subsidiaries rights in their Intellectual Property Rights and confidential information (the Confidential
Information ). Each employee, consultant and contractor who has had access to Confidential Information which is necessary for
the conduct of Company s and each of its Subsidiaries respective businesses as currently conducted or as currently proposed
to be conducted has executed an agreement to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information and has executed appropriate
agreements that are substantially consistent with the Company s standard forms thereof. Except under confidentiality obligations,
there has been no material disclosure of any of Company s or its Subsidiaries Confidential Information to any third party. 

3.18 Environmental Matters. Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any statute, rule, regulation, decision
or order of any Governmental Body relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection
or restoration of the environment or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental Laws ),
owns or operates any real property contaminated with any substance that is subject to any Environmental Laws, is liable for any off-site
disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, or is subject to any claim relating to any Environmental Laws, which violation,
contamination, liability or claim has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate;
and there is no pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened investigation that might lead to such a claim. 

3.19 Insurance. Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against
such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged.
Neither Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and
when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a
significant increase in cost. 

3.20 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed in the Company s audited financial statements
or the Disclosure Materials, none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees
of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers
and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for
rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or,
to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer,
director, trustee or partner, other than (a) for payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (b) reimbursement for expenses
incurred on behalf of the Company and (c) for other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of
Company. 

3.21 Brokers and Finders . Except as otherwise itemized in Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Schedule, no person will
have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon Company,
any Subsidiary or the Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
entered into by or on behalf of the Company. 

7 

3.22 Questionable Payments . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge, any
of their respective current or former stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents or other persons acting on behalf of Company
or any Subsidiary, has on behalf of Company or any Subsidiary or in connection with their respective businesses: (a) used any corporate
funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (b) made any direct
or indirect unlawful payments to any governmental officials or employees from corporate funds; (c) established or maintained any unlawful
or unrecorded fund of corporate monies or other assets; (d) made any false or fictitious entries on the books and records of Company or
any Subsidiary; or (e) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment of any nature. 

3.23 Solvency. The Company has not (a) made a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (b) filed any voluntary
petition in bankruptcy or suffered the filing of any involuntary petition by its creditors; (c) suffered the appointment of a receiver
to take possession of all, or substantially all, of its assets; (d) suffered the attachment or other judicial seizure of all, or substantially
all, of its assets; (e) admitted in writing its inability to pay its debts as they come due; or (f) made an offer of settlement, extension
or composition to its creditors generally. 

3.24 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company,
any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has, directly or indirectly: (a) used any funds,
or will use any proceeds from the sale of the Securities, for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
related to foreign or domestic political activity, (b) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees
or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (c) failed to disclose fully any contribution made
by Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or made by any person acting on their behalf of which the Company is aware) or any members of their
respective management which is in violation of any legal requirement, or (d) has violated in any material respect any provision of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder which was applicable to Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. 

3.25 Disclosures. Neither the Company nor any person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents
or counsel with any information that constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information, other than the terms of the transactions
contemplated hereby. The written materials delivered to the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Subscription
Documents do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

3.26 Transfer Agent. Company represents and warrants that it will not replace its transfer agent without Purchaser s
permission so long as any of the Preferred Shares are outstanding. The Company acknowledges that any failure to comply with this Section
shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. 

3.27 Shell Company Status . Set forth in Schedule 3.27 of the Disclosure Schedule is the Company s representation
as to its Shell Company status under Rule 144. 

3.28 The Company agrees and acknowledges that so long as any obligations of the Company under any of the Subscription Documents
shall exist, it shall be obligated to provide Notice to the Purchaser in the event of a material change to any representation or disclosure
in any of the Subscription Documents, including but not limited to, the disclosures on the Disclosure Schedule, and failure to provide
such notice shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and an Event of Default under the Designation. 

8 

4. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser 

4.1 
 Purchase for Own Account . The Purchaser represents that it is acquiring the Units for its own account and not
with the view to transfer the Units or otherwise distribute them except in compliance with the Securities Act. 

4.2 
 Information and Sophistication . Without lessening or obviating the representations and warranties of the Company
set forth in Section 3, the Purchaser hereby: (a) acknowledges that it has received all the information it has requested from the Company
that it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to acquire the Units, (b) represents that it has had an opportunity to
ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of the Units and to obtain any additional
information necessary to verify the accuracy of the information given the Purchaser and (c) further represents that it has such knowledge
and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of this investment . 

4.3 
 Ability to Bear Economic Risk . The Purchaser acknowledges that investment in the Units involves a high degree
of risk, and represents that it is able, without materially impairing its financial condition, to hold the Units for an indefinite period
of time and to suffer a complete loss of its investment. 

4.4 
 Accredited Investor Status . The Purchaser is an accredited investor as such term is defined in
Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 

4.5 
 Existence; Authorization . The Purchaser is an individual, corporation, partnership or limited liability company
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization, having full power and authority
to own its properties and to carry on its business as conducted. The principal place of business of the Purchaser is as shown on the Accredited
Investor Questionnaire. The Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to deliver this Agreement, perform its obligations set forth
herein, and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The Purchaser has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and has obtained
the necessary authorization to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform his, her or its obligations herein and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement, assuming the due execution and delivery hereof by the Company, is a legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms. 

4.6 
 No Regulatory Approval . The Purchaser understands that no state or federal authority has scrutinized this Agreement
or the Units offered pursuant hereto, has made any finding or determination relating to the fairness for investment in the Units, or has
recommended or endorsed the Units, and that the Units have not been registered or qualified under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws, in reliance upon exemptions from registration thereunder. The Units may not, in whole or in part, be resold, transferred, assigned
or otherwise disposed of unless they are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available, and unless
the proposed disposition is in compliance with the restrictions on transferability under federal and state securities laws. 

4.7 
 Purchaser Received Independent Advice . The Purchaser confirms that the Purchaser has been advised to consult
with the Purchaser s independent attorney regarding legal matters concerning the Company and to consult with independent tax advisers
regarding the tax consequences of investing in the Company. The Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser understands that any anticipated
United States federal or state income tax benefits may not be available and, further, may be adversely affected through adoption of new
laws or regulations or amendments to existing laws or regulations. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Company is providing
no warranty or assurance regarding the ultimate availability of any tax benefits to the Purchaser by reason of the subscription. 

9 

4.8 
 Legends . The Purchaser understands that until such time as the Preferred Shares, Warrants, and, upon the conversion
of the Preferred Shares and the exercise of the Warrants in accordance with its respective terms, the Underlying Securities, have been
registered under the Securities Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the Securities Act or Regulation S without any
restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive
legend in substantially the following form (and a stop- transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities): 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
OR EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES
MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE PURCHASER), IN A GENERALLY
ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A OR REGULATION S
UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN
OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

5. Further Agreements; Post-Closing Covenants 

5.1 
 Use of Proceeds . The Company shall use the proceeds from the Offering solely for the following purposes: (i)
 ______________ for the acquisition of all of the equity interests or substantially all of the assets of Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC, a
Florida professional limited liability company Nova and related expenses, (ii) ____________ for general working
capital purposes, and (iii) 25,000 to cover the Lead Investor s legal fees incurred in connection with the Offering. 

5.2 Form D; Blue Sky Laws . Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Units as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof to the Purchaser promptly after such filing. Company shall take such action as Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Purchaser at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under
applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Purchaser on or prior to the initial closing. 

5.3 
 Registration Rights . 

(a) 
 Mandatory Registration . The Company shall prepare, and, as soon as practicable but
in no event later than ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (the Filing Deadline ), file with the SEC a Registration
Statement under the Securities Act on appropriate form covering the resale of the full amount of the Underlying Securities (collectively,
the Registrable Securities ). The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement
declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the date (the Effectiveness Deadline ),
which shall be either (i) in the event that the SEC does not review the Registration Statement, one hundred twenty (120) days after
the Closing Date, or (ii) in the event that the SEC reviews the Registration Statement, one hundred fifty (150) days after the Closing
Date (but in any event, no later than two (2) Business Days from the SEC indicating that it has no further comments on the Registration
Statement) . The Company can satisfy its obligations under this Section by including the Registrable Securities under any currently
effective, or filed, but not yet deemed effective Registration Statement, provided that the full amount of the Registrable Securities. 

10 

(b) 
 Limitation on Registrable Securities . In the event that the staff of the SEC (the
 Staff determines that the full amount of the Registrable Securities cannot be registered on the Registration Statement
due to limitations under Rule 415 of the Securities Act, then Company shall: (i) register the resale of that portion of the Registrable
Securities as the Staff may permit under its interpretations of Rule 415, and (ii) undertake to register the remaining portion of
the Registrable Securities as soon as registration would be permitted under Rule 415, as determined by the Company in good faith based
on the Staff s publicly available interpretations of Rule 415 . 

(c) 
 Related Obligations . At such time as the Company is obligated to file a Registration
Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 5.3(a) hereof, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration
of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have
the following obligations: 

(i) The
Company shall submit to the SEC, within two (2) Business Days after the Company learns that no review of a particular Registration Statement
will be made by the staff of the SEC or that the staff has no further comments on a particular Registration Statement, as the case may
be, a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement to a time and date not later than two (2) Business Days
after the submission of such request. The Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule 415 at all times until
the earlier of (i) the date as of which the Purchaser may sell all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor
thereto) promulgated under the Securities Act or (ii) the date on which the Purchaser shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities
covered by such Registration Statement (the Registration Period ). The Company shall ensure that each Registration
Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the
case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading. 

(ii) The
Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement
and the prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated
under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period,
and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities
of the Company covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of
in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement. 

(iii) The
Company shall furnish to the Purchaser without charge, (i) promptly after the Registration Statement including the Purchaser s
Registrable Securities is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one copy of such Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto,
including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by the Purchaser, all exhibits
and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any Registration Statement, ten (10) copies of the prospectus included
in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Purchaser may reasonably
request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Purchaser may reasonably
request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities. 

11 

(iv) The
Company shall notify the Purchaser in writing of the happening of any event, as promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event,
as a result of which the prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material
fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that in no event shall such notice contain any material, nonpublic
information), and, promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission,
and deliver ten (10) copies of such supplement or amendment to the Purchaser (or such other number of copies as the Purchaser may reasonably
request). The Company shall also promptly notify the Purchaser in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment has been filed, and when a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such
effectiveness shall be delivered to the Purchaser by facsimile on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of
any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of
the Company s reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate. 

(v) The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of a
Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and,
if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to
notify the Purchaser who holds Registrable Securities being sold of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt
of notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose. 

(vi) If
the Purchaser is required under applicable securities law to be described in the Registration Statement as an underwriter, at the reasonable
request of the Purchaser, the Company shall furnish to the Purchaser, on the date of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and
thereafter from time to time on such dates as the Purchaser may reasonably request (i) a letter, dated such date, from the Company s
independent certified public accountants in form and substance as is customarily given by independent certified public accountants to
underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Purchaser, and (ii) an opinion, dated as of such date, of counsel
representing the Company for purposes of such Registration Statement, in form, scope and substance as is customarily given in an underwritten
public offering, addressed to the Purchaser. 

(vii) If
the Purchaser is required under applicable securities law to be described in the Registration Statement as an underwriter, upon the written
request of the Purchaser in connection with the Purchaser s due diligence requirements, if any, the Company shall make available
for inspection by (i) the Purchaser and its legal counsel and (ii) one firm of accountants or other agents retained by the Purchaser
(collectively, the Inspectors ), all pertinent financial and other records, and pertinent corporate documents and
properties of the Company (collectively, the Records ), as shall be reasonably deemed necessary by each Inspector
solely for the purpose of establishing a due diligence defense under underwriter liability under the Securities Act, and cause the Company s
officers, directors and employees to supply all information which any Inspector may reasonably request; provided, however, that each Inspector
shall agree to hold in strict confidence and shall not make any disclosure (except to the Purchaser) or use of any Record or other information
which the Company determines in good faith to be confidential, and of which determination the Inspectors are so notified, unless (a) the
disclosure of such Records is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required
under the Securities Act, (b) the release of such Records is ordered pursuant to a final, non-appealable subpoena or order from a
court or government body of competent jurisdiction, or (c) the information in such Records has been made generally available to the
public other than by disclosure in violation of this or any other Transaction Document. The Purchaser agrees that it shall, upon learning
that disclosure of such Records is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give
prompt notice to the Company and allow the Company, at its expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain
a protective order for, the Records deemed confidential. Nothing herein (or in any other confidentiality agreement between the Company
and the Purchaser) shall be deemed to limit the Purchaser s ability to sell Registrable Securities in a manner which is otherwise
consistent with applicable laws and regulations. 

12 

(viii) The
Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Purchaser provided to the Company unless (i) disclosure
of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary
to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant
to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or (iv) such information
has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other agreement. The Company
agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning the Purchaser is sought in or by a court or governmental
body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Purchaser and allow the Purchaser, at the Purchaser s
expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information. 

(ix) The
Company shall cooperate with the Purchaser and, to the extent applicable, facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates
(not bearing any restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable
such certificates to be in such denominations or amounts, as the case may be, as the Purchaser may reasonably request and registered in
such name as the Purchaser may request. 

(x) If
requested by the Purchaser, the Company shall (i) as soon as practicable incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment such information as the Purchaser reasonably requests to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable
Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the
purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) as
soon as practicable make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters
to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) as soon as practicable, supplement or make
amendments to any Registration Statement if reasonably requested by the Purchaser. 

(xi) The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities. 

(xii) The
Company shall otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in connection
with any registration hereunder. 

(xiii) Within
two (2) Business Days after a Registration Statement that covers Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC, the Company shall
deliver to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies to the Purchaser) confirmation that such Registration Statement
has been declared effective by the SEC. 

13 

(xiv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, at any time after the Effective Date, the Company may delay the disclosure of material, non-public information
concerning the Company the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Board of Directors and its counsel,
in the best interest of the Company and, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, otherwise required (a Grace Period );
provided, that the Company shall promptly (i) notify the Purchaser in writing of the existence of material, non-public information
giving rise to a Grace Period (provided that in each notice the Company will not disclose the content of such material, non-public information
to the Purchaser) and the date on which the Grace Period will begin, and (ii) notify the Purchaser in writing of the date on which
the Grace Period ends; and, provided further, that the Grace Periods shall not exceed an aggregate of 30 Trading Days during any 365-day
period and the first day of any Grace Period must be at least 15 days after the last day of any prior Grace Period (each, an Allowable
Grace Period ). For purposes of determining the length of a Grace Period above, the Grace Period shall begin on and include
the date the Purchaser receives the notice referred to in clause (i) and shall end on and include the later of the date the Purchaser
receives the notice referred to in clause (ii) and the date referred to in such notice. The provisions of Section 5.3(d)(v)
hereof shall not be applicable during the period of any Allowable Grace Period. Upon expiration of the Grace Period, the Company shall
again be bound by the first sentence of Section 5.3(d)(iv) with respect to the information giving rise thereto unless such material,
non-public information is no longer applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to
deliver un-legended Common Stock to a transferee of any Purchaser in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in connection with any
sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which a Purchaser has entered into a contract for sale, and delivered a copy of the prospectus
included as part of the applicable Registration Statement (unless an exemption from such prospectus delivery requirement exists), prior
to the Purchaser s receipt of the notice of a Grace Period and for which the Purchaser has not yet settled. 

(xv) Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary or affiliate thereof shall identify the Purchaser as an underwriter in any public disclosure or filing
with the SEC or any applicable Trading Market and the Purchaser being deemed an underwriter by the SEC shall not relieve the Company of
any obligations it has under this Agreement and any other documents or instruments executed and delivered in connection with the Agreement. 

(d) 
 Obligations of the Purchaser . 

(i) At
least five (5) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement, the Company shall notify the Purchaser
in writing of the information the Company requires from the Purchaser in order to have that Purchaser s Registrable Securities included
in such Registration Statement. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant
to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of a particular Purchaser that the Purchaser shall furnish to the Company
such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities
held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute
such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request. 

(ii) Each
Purchaser, by its acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company
in connection with the preparation and filing of any Registration Statement hereunder, unless the Purchaser has notified the Company in
writing of the Purchaser s election to exclude all of the Purchaser s Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement. 

(iii) Each
Purchaser agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 5.3(d)(v)
or the first sentence of 5.3(d)(iv), the Purchaser will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any
Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Purchaser s receipt of the copies of the supplemented or
amended prospectus contemplated by Section 5.3(d)(v) or the first sentence of 5.3(d)(iv) or receipt of notice that no supplement
or amendment is required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver un-legended
Common Stock to a transferee of the Purchaser in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable
Securities with respect to which the Purchaser has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Purchaser s receipt of a notice
from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 5.3(d)(v) or the first sentence of 5.3(d)(iv) and
for which the Purchaser has not yet settled. 

14 

(iv) Each
Purchaser covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it
or an exemption therefrom in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement 

(e) 
 Expenses of Registration . All reasonable expenses, other than underwriting discounts
and commissions incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Section 5.3, including, without
limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, shall be paid by the Company . 

(f) 
 Reports under the Exchange Act . With a view to making available to the Purchaser the
benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit
the Purchaser to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration Rule 144 ), the Company agrees
to: 

(i) make
and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, during the Reporting Period; 

(ii) file
with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act; and 

(iii) furnish
to the Purchaser so long as the Purchaser owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request during the Reporting Period, (i) a written
statement by the Company, if true, that it has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the
Company and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Purchaser to sell such securities pursuant
to Rule 144 without registration. 

(g) 
 Assignment of Registration Rights . The rights under Section 5.3 shall be automatically
assignable by a Purchaser to any transferee of all or any portion of the Purchaser s Registrable Securities if: (i) the Purchaser
agrees in writing with the transferee or assignee to assign such rights and a copy of such agreement is furnished to the Company within
a reasonable time after such assignment; (ii) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment, furnished
with written notice of (a) the name and address of such transferee or assignee and (b) the securities with respect to which
such registration rights are being transferred or assigned; (iii) immediately following such transfer or assignment the further disposition
of such securities by the transferee or assignee is restricted under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws; (iv) at
or before the time the Company receives the written notice contemplated by clause (ii) of this sentence the transferee or assignee
agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein; and (v) such transfer shall have been made
in accordance with the applicable requirements of this Agreement . 

15 

(h) 
 Indemnification . 

(i) Company
Indemnification . The Company will indemnify the Purchaser (if Registrable Securities held by the Purchaser are included in the securities
as to which such registration is being effected), each of its officers and directors, partners, members and each person controlling the
Purchaser within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, against all expenses, claims, losses, damages or liabilities (or
actions in respect thereof), including any of the foregoing incurred in settlement of any litigation, commenced or threatened, arising
out of or based on (A) any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement,
prospectus, offering circular or other document, or any amendment or supplement thereto, incident to any such Registration Statement,
or based on any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, or (B) any violation by the Company of
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state securities laws or any rule or regulation promulgated under such laws applicable to the Company
in connection with any such registration, and in each case, the Company will reimburse the Purchaser, each of its officers and directors,
partners, members and each person controlling the Purchaser, for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred, as such expenses
are incurred, in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action, provided that
the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such claim, loss, damage, liability or expense arises out of or
is based on (X) any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company by an instrument duly executed by the Purchaser or controlling person, and stated to
be specifically for use therein, (Y) the use by a Purchaser of an outdated or defective prospectus after the Company has notified
the Purchaser in writing that the prospectus is outdated or defective or (Z) a Purchaser s (or any other indemnified person s)
failure to send or give a copy of the prospectus or supplement (as then amended or supplemented), if required, pursuant to Rule 172 under
the Securities Act (or any successor rule) to the Persons asserting an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of Registrable Securities to such person
if such statement or omission was corrected in such prospectus or supplement; provided, further , that the indemnity agreement
contained in this Section 5.3(i)(i) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action
if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). 

(ii) Purchaser
Indemnification . The Purchaser will, if Registrable Securities held by the Purchaser are included in the securities as to which such
registration is being effected, indemnify the Company, each of its directors and officers, other holders of the Company s securities
covered by such Registration Statement, each person who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act,
and each such holder, each of its officers and directors and each person controlling such holder within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act, against all claims, losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arising out of or based on:
(A) any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained in any such Registration Statement, prospectus,
offering circular or other document, or any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, to the extent, and only to the extent, that such untrue statement (or alleged
untrue statement) or omission (or alleged omission) is made in such Registration Statement, prospectus, offering circular or other document
in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by an instrument
duly executed by the Purchaser and stated to be specifically for use therein, or (B) any violation by the Purchaser of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, state securities laws or any rule or regulation promulgated under such laws applicable to the Purchaser, and in
each case, the Purchaser will reimburse the Company, each other holder, and directors, officers, persons, underwriters or control persons
of the Company and the other holders for any legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred, as such expenses are incurred, in connection
with investigating or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action; provided, that the indemnity agreement contained in
this Subsection 5.3(i)(ii) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action if such
settlement is effected without the consent of such indemnifying Purchaser (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).
The liability of any Purchaser for indemnification under this Section 5.3(i)(ii) in its capacity as a seller of Registrable
Securities shall not exceed the amount of net proceeds to the Purchaser of the securities sold in any such registration. 

16 

(iii) Notice
and Procedure . Each party entitled to indemnification under this Section 5.3(h) (the Indemnified Party shall give written notice to the party required to provide indemnification (the Indemnifying Party promptly after
such Indemnified Party has actual knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought, and shall permit the Indemnifying Party
to assume the defense of any such claim or any litigation resulting therefrom, provided that counsel for the Indemnifying Party, who shall
conduct the defense of such claim or litigation, shall be approved by the Indemnified Party (whose approval shall not unreasonably be
withheld), and the Indemnified Party may participate in such defense at such party s expense, and provided further that the failure
of any Indemnified Party to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations under this Agreement
unless the failure to give such notice is materially prejudicial to an Indemnifying Party s ability to defend such action and provided
further, that the Indemnifying Party shall not assume the defense for matters as to which there is a conflict of interest or there are
separate and different defenses. No Indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such claim or litigation, shall, except with the consent
of each Indemnified Party (whose consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release
from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. 

(iv) Contribution .
If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5.3(h) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an Indemnified
Party with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to herein, the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such
Indemnified Party thereunder, shall to the extent permitted by applicable law contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying
Party on the one hand and of the Indemnified Party on the other in connection with the untrue statement or omission that resulted in such
loss, claim, damage or liability, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Indemnifying Party
and of the Indemnified Party shall be determined by a court of law by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Indemnifying Party
or by the Indemnified Party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
such statement or omission; provided, that in no event shall any contribution by a Purchaser hereunder exceed the proceeds from the offering
received by the Purchaser. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any loss, claim, damage or liability shall be deemed to
include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other reasonable fees or expenses
incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses
if the indemnification provided for in this Section 5.3(i) was available to such party in accordance with its terms. 

(v) Survival .
The obligations of the Company and the Purchaser under this Section 5.3(h) shall survive completion of any offering of Registrable Securities
in a Registration Statement and the termination of this Agreement. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section
5.3(i) are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties and are not in diminution or
limitation of other remedies or causes of action that the parties may have under this Agreement and any other documents or instruments
executed and delivered in connection with the Agreement. 

(i) Adjustment
of Pricing . In the event the Company fails to comply with the registration requirements in this Section 5.3, the conversion price
of the Preferred Shares and the exercise price of the Warrant (as each is defined in each document) shall be reduced to 0.01 per share
of Common Stock. 

17 

5.4 Legal Counsel Opinions . 

Upon the request of the Purchaser
from time to time, Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly supplying to Company s transfer agent and the Purchaser
a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel Opinion to the effect that the resale of the
Underlying Securities by the Purchaser or its affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the Underlying Securities are not then registered
under the Securities Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement). Should Company s legal counsel fail for any
reason to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, the Lead Purchaser may (at Company s cost) secure another legal counsel to issue the
Legal Counsel Opinion, and Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. Company shall not impede the removal by its
stock transfer agent of the restricted legend from any common stock certificate upon receipt by the transfer agent of a Rule 144 Opinion
Letter. COMPANY HEREBY AGREES THAT IT MAY NEVER TAKE THE POSITION THAT IT IS A SHELL COMPANY IN CONNECTION WITH ITS OBLIGATIONS
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS SOUGHT THE ADVICE OF ITS COUNSEL AND ITS COUNSEL HAS INDICATED THAT IT MUST TAKE
SUCH POSITION AS A MATTER OF APPLICABLE LAW. 

5.5 
 Listing . Company will, so long as the Purchaser owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading
of its Common Stock on the OTCQB or any equivalent exchange or electronic quotation system or a national securities exchange and will
comply in all respects with Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, and such exchanges, as applicable, as well as with the SEC. Company shall promptly provide to the Purchaser
copies of any notices it receives from the OTCQB and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems on which the Common Stock are
then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the common stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation systems. 

5.6 Information and Observer Rights . 

(a) 
 As long as the Purchaser owns at least five percent (5 of the Securities originally purchased hereunder, Company covenants to
timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by
Company pursuant to the Exchange Act. As long as the Purchaser owns at least five percent (5 of the Securities originally purchased
hereunder, if Company is not required to file reports pursuant to such laws, it will prepare and furnish to the Purchaser and simultaneously
make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the Purchaser to sell the Securities under
Rule 144. Company further covenants that it will take such further action as any holder of Securities may reasonably request, all to the
extent required from time to time to enable the Purchaser to sell the Securities without registration under the Securities Act within
the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144. 

(b) 
 As long as the Lead Investor owns at least five percent (5 of the Securities originally purchased by the Lead Investor, if the
Lead Investor notifies Company in writing (including by electronic mail) that it wishes to attend meetings of Company s Board of
Directors and that it acknowledges that it will receive material nonpublic information and consents to the same, Company shall invite
a designated representative of the Lead Investor to attend all meetings of Company s Board of Directors in a nonvoting observer
capacity and, in this respect, and subject to the Lead Investor having informed Company that it wishes to attend, Company shall give such
representative copies of all notices, minutes, consents, and other materials that it provides to its directors at the same time and in
the same manner as provided to such directors; provided , however , that such representative shall agree to hold in confidence
and trust and to act in a fiduciary manner with respect to all information so provided; and provided further , that Company reserves
the right to withhold any information and to exclude such representative from any meeting or portion thereof if access to such information
or attendance at such meeting could adversely affect the attorney-client privilege between Company and its counsel or result in disclosure
of trade secrets or a conflict of interest. For avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not provide Lead Investor any material non-public
information unless specifically requested by Lead Investor. 

18 

5.7 Confidentiality. The Purchaser agrees that the it will keep confidential and will not disclose, divulge, or use
for any purpose (other than to monitor its investment in the Company) the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any confidential information
obtained from the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including notice of Company s intention to file a registration
statement), unless such confidential information (a) is known or becomes known to the public in general (other than as a result of a breach
of this Section 5.7 by the Purchaser), (b) is or has been independently developed or conceived by the Purchaser without use of the Company s
confidential information, or (c) is or has been made known or disclosed to the Purchaser by a third party without a breach of any obligation
of confidentiality such third party may have to the Company; provided, however, that the Purchaser may disclose confidential information
(i) to its attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other professionals to the extent necessary to obtain their services in connection
with monitoring its investment in the Company; (ii) to any prospective purchaser of any Securities from the Purchaser, if such prospective
purchaser agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section 5.7; (iii) to any existing or prospective affiliate, partner, member, stockholder,
or wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser in the ordinary course of business, provided that the Purchaser informs such person that such
information is confidential and directs such person to maintain the confidentiality of such information; or (iv) as may otherwise be required
by law, provided that the Purchaser notifies the Company within three (3) Business Days of such disclosure and takes reasonable steps
to minimize the extent of any such required disclosure. If the Company determines it must file a form 8-K as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Company shall cause that specific identity of the Purchaser shall be withheld, such that only the
terms, and not the name of the Purchaser or purchasing entity shall be disclosed. 

5.8 Restrictions on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and so long as Preferred Shares remain
outstanding, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Lead Purchaser s prior written consent, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets other
than in the ordinary course of business unless as a result of such sale, divestiture or change, the use of proceeds is to redeem the Securities;
(c) solicit any offers for, respond to any unsolicited offers for, or conduct any negotiations with any other person or entity in respect
of any variable rate debt transactions (i.e., transactions where the conversion or exercise price of the security issued by the Company
varies based on the market price of the common stock); or (d) accept a Merchant-Cash-Advance in which it sells future receivables at a
discount or any other factoring transactions, or similar financing instruments or financing transactions, whether a transaction similar
to the one contemplated hereby or any other investment. 

5.9 Other Restrictions. Unless approved in writing by the Lead Purchaser, Company and each Subsidiary shall not enter
into an agreement or amend an existing agreement to effect any sale of securities involving, or convert any securities previously issued
under, a Variable Rate Transaction or a merchant cash advance transaction in which it sells future receivables at a discount, or a substantially
similar transaction. The term Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which Company or any Subsidiary (i)
issues or sells any convertible securities either (A) at a conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based upon or
varies with the trading prices of, or quotations for, the shares of common stock at any time after the initial issuance of such convertible
securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial
issuance of such convertible securities or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the
business of Company or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, or the market for the common stock, other than pursuant to a customary weighted
average or full-ratchet anti-dilution provision, or (ii) enters into any agreement (including, without limitation,
an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering whereby Company or any Subsidiary may sell securities
at a future determined price (other than standard and customary preemptive or participation rights). The
Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against Company and its Subsidiaries to preclude any such issuance, which remedy
shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. 

5.10 Sale of Assets; Issuance of Equity or Debt . The Company shall not sell any material assets or any securities
of the Company, any Subsidiary, or of Nova following its acquisition by the Company, in each case, unless in the Purchaser s sole
discretion, the proceeds of such sale are first used to redeem the Preferred Shares then outstanding as follows: (i) the first one hundred
percent (100 of any asset sales; (ii) the first one hundred percent (100 of any equity issuances; or the first eighty (80 of any
debt issuances beyond in aggregate amount of 250,000.00; provided however, the foregoing shall not apply to any debt or equity issuances
used solely for acquisitions. 

19 

5.11 Participation Rights . For a period of twelve (12) months from the date hereof, in the event the Company, Nova
or any other Subsidiary of the Company existing on the date hereof, proposes to offer and sell any of its securities New Securities ),
whether in the form of debt, Equity Financing (defined below), or any other financing transaction (each a Future Offering ),
the Lead Purchaser (but not any other Purchaser) shall have the right, but not the obligation, to participate in the Future Offering in
an amount up to the aggregate amount of the Lead Purchaser s investment in the Securities hereunder (the Participation
Right ). For the avoidance of doubt, an Equity Financing shall mean Company s sale of its Common
Stock or any securities conferring the right to purchase Company s Common Stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable
for (with or without additional consideration), Common Stock. The Participation Right shall not apply to Excluded Issuances (as defined
below). In connection with each Participation Right, Company shall provide written notice to the
Lead Purchaser of the terms and conditions of the Future Financing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the anticipated first closing
of such Future Financing (the FF Notice ). If the Lead Purchaser shall elect to exercise its Participation Right,
it shall notify Company, in writing, of such election within five (5) days (the Participation Notice ). In the event
the Lead Purchaser does not return a Participation Notice to Company within such five (5) day period, the Participation Right granted
hereunder shall terminate and be of no further force and effect; provided, however, that such Participation Right shall be reinstated
if the anticipated closing referenced in the FF Notice does not occur within sixty days of the Lead Purchaser s receipt of the FF
Notice. For purposes of this Agreement, Excluded Issuance means (i) New Securities issuable under the Company s
equity incentive plans or other compensation arrangements; (ii) New Securities issuable upon a stock split, stock dividend, or any subdivision
of the Company s Common Stock; (iii) New Securities issued to banks, equipment lessors or other financial institutions, or to real
property lessors, pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing or real property leasing or similar transaction; (iv) New Securities
issued to suppliers or third party service providers in connection with the provision of goods or services; (v) New Securities issued
pursuant to the acquisition of another person by the Company by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or other reorganization
or to a joint venture agreement; and (vi) New Securities issued in connection with collaboration, technology license, development, marketing
or other similar agreements or strategic partnerships. 

5.12 Terms of Future Financings . Unless otherwise agreed to by the Lead Purchaser, so long as the Purchaser holds
any of the Preferred Shares, upon any issuance of (or announcement of intent to effect an issuance of) any security, or amendment to (or
announcement of intent to effect an amendment to) any security that was originally issued before the issue date, by the Company, with
any term that the Purchaser reasonably believes is more favorable to the holder of such security than, or with a term in favor of the
holder of such security that the Purchaser reasonably believes was not similarly provided, to the Purchaser in the Subscription Documents,
then (i) the Company shall notify the Purchaser of such additional or more favorable term within five (5) Business Days of the new issuance
or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, which notice may include the filing of a current report on Form 8-K that discloses
the issuance of such new security, and (ii) such term, at Purchaser s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with
the Purchaser (regardless of whether the Company complied with the notification provision of this Section 5.12). The types of terms contained
in another security that may be more favorable to the purchaser of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing conversion
discounts, prepayment rate, conversion lookback periods, interest rates, original issue discounts, stock sale price, private placement
price per share, fixed pricing, and warrant coverage. If Purchaser elects to have the term become a part of the transaction documents
with the Purchaser, then the Company shall immediately deliver to the Purchaser acknowledgment of such adjustment or shall take such further
action as the Purchaser may reasonably require (including executing and delivering amendments to applicable transaction documents) to
implement such adjustments in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser (the Acknowledgment within
five (5) Business Days of Company s receipt of request from Purchaser (the Adjustment Deadline ), provided that
Company s failure to timely provide the Acknowledgement shall not affect the automatic amendments contemplated hereby. 

20 

5.13 Breach of Covenants . The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any covenants set forth
in this Section 5, in addition to any other remedies available to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event
of Default under the Designation. 

5.14 Transfer Agent Instructions . Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to Company s transfer agent to
issue certificates, registered in the name of the Purchaser or its nominee, upon conversion of the Preferred Shares and exercise of the
Warrants, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Purchaser to Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, Company shall provide, prior 
to the effective date of such replacement, fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve sufficient Common Stock conversion of the Preferred
Shares and exercise of the Warrants) signed by the successor transfer agent to the Company and the Purchaser. Prior to registration of
the Underlying Securities under the Securities Act or the date on which the Underlying Securities may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates shall
bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 4.8 of this Agreement or a similar legend prescribed by the Company s transfer
agent. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section
5.14 will be given by Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records
of Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Units; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or
delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for Common Stock to be issued to the Purchaser upon exercise of the Warrants or conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Preferred Shares
as and when required by the Designation and this Agreement ; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or direct its transfer agent not to remove
or impair, delay, and/or hinder its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions
in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Common Stock issued to the Purchaser upon exercise of the Warrants or conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to the Preferred Shares as and when required by the Designation and this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required
corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within one (1) Business Day of each conversion of the Preferred Shares
or exercise of the Warrants. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Purchaser s obligations and agreement set forth
in Section 5.3 hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Purchaser
provides Company, at the cost of Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable
transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the Securities Act
and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Purchaser provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to
Rule 144, Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or
more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Purchaser. Company acknowledges
that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Purchaser, by vitiating the intent and purpose of
the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this
Section 5.14 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by Company of the provisions of this Section,
that the Purchaser shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring
immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

5.15 Monitoring Fee . Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Designation)
or a material breach of this Agreement, the Company shall pay the Lead Purchaser a monthly monitoring fee (the Monitoring Fee in the amount of one-half of one percent (0.5 of the Stated Value (as defined in the Certificate of Designation for the Preferred Shares)
of aggregate amount of all of the Preferred Shares held by the Lead Purchaser at the time of the Event of Default, per month commencing
in the month in which the Event of Default or material breach of this Agreement occurs and continuing until the earlier of (i) the Event
of Default or material breach of this Agreement is cured; or (ii) the Lead Purchaser no longer holds any Preferred Shares. 

21 

5.16 Compliance with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures . For so long as the Purchaser beneficially owns any of
the Securities, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject
to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Purchaser beneficially owns the Securities, if the Company shall
(i) fail for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current
public information requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes
such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2), and, in either such case,
the Purchaser is otherwise unable to sell any of the Securities owned by the Purchaser because such shares are not otherwise freely transferrable
(each, a Public Information Failure then, as partial relief for the damages to the Purchaser by reason of any such
delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available pursuant
to this Agreement, the Units, or at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to the Purchaser an amount in cash equal to three percent
(3 of the Purchase Price on each day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro-rated for periods totaling less
than thirty days) thereafter until the date such Public Information Failure is cured, but subject to a cap of ten percent (10 ). The payments
to which the Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 5.16 are referred to herein as Public Information Failure
Payments . Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during
which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred; and (ii) the third Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to
the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. 

5.17 
 CUSIP . The Company shall obtain a CUSIP for the Series A Senior Convertible
Preferred Shares as soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing Date, but in no event later than seven (7) days after the Closing
Date. 

5.18 
 Further Assurances . Each of the Purchaser and the Company agrees and covenants that at any time and from time
to time it will execute and deliver to the other party such further instruments and documents and take such further action as the other
party may reasonably require within three (3) Business Days of any such request in order to carry out the full intent and purpose of this
Agreement and to comply with state or federal securities laws or other regulatory approvals. 

6. Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell 

The obligation of the Company
hereunder to issue and sell the Units to the Purchaser at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of
each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company
at any time in its sole discretion: 

(a) 
 The Purchaser shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

(b) 
 The Purchaser shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1 above. 

(c) 
 The representations and warranties of the Purchaser shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made
and as of the Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date),
and the Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Purchaser at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(d) 
 No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

22 

7. Conditions to The Purchaser s Obligation to Purchase 

The obligation of the Purchaser
hereunder to purchase the Units, on the Closing Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Purchaser s sole benefit and may be waived by the Purchaser at any time in
its sole discretion: 

(a) 
 The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Purchaser. 

(b) 
 The Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser the Units in accordance with Section 1 above. 

(c) 
 Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser the Warrant. 

(d) 
 Company shall have delivered executed Subscription Documents, or such other instruments as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(e) 
 The Company has provided the Purchaser with a current schedule of liabilities and the results of a current certified UCC search
that is of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date. 

(f) 
 The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchaser, shall have been delivered to
and acknowledged in writing by Company s Transfer Agent. 

(g) 
 The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and
as of Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(h) 
 No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(i) 
 No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but
not limited to a change in the Exchange Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its Exchange
Act reporting obligations. 

(j) 
 Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of Company and each
of its Subsidiaries in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction,
as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date; (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called
meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby. 

(k) 
 The Company shall have an agreement in place to purchase all of the interests, or substantially all of the interests, in Nova and
shall cause Nova to execute a security agreement, similar in form to that attached hereto as Exhibit C granting a security interest
in Nova s assets to the Purchaser. 

23 

8. Miscellaneous 

8.1 
 Binding Agreement . The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
the respective successors and assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any
third party any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this
Agreement. 

8.2 
 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the
State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably submits to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Rockland County, New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in connection with any transaction contemplated hereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action
or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof (certified
or registered mail, return receipt requested) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this agreement and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 

8.3 
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic
mail (including pdf or any electronic signature) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have
been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

8.4 
 Titles and Subtitles . The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not
to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

8.5 
 Notices . All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given:
(a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during
normal business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next Business Day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Company and to the
Purchaser at the addresses set forth on the signature page to this Agreement or at such other addresses as the Company or Purchaser may
designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other parties hereto. 

8.6 
 Modification; Waiver . No modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to departure therefrom
shall be effective only upon the written consent of the Company and Investors holding a majority of the then outstanding Preferred Shares,
which majority must include the Lead Investor. 

8.7 
 Expenses . The Company and the Purchaser shall each bear its respective expenses and legal fees incurred with
respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein; provided, however, that an additional 25,000 in Units shall be added
to the purchased amount of the Purchaser to cover the costs of its expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby. 

24 

8.8 
 Delays or Omissions . It is agreed that no delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to
the Purchaser, upon any breach or default of the Company under the Subscription Documents shall impair any such right, power or remedy,
nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or any acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or
default thereafter occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore
or thereafter occurring. It is further agreed that any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character by Purchaser of any
breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver by any Purchaser of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement must be in writing
and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in writing and that all remedies, either under this Agreement, or by
law or otherwise afforded to the Purchaser, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 

8.9 
 Remedies Cumulative . No remedy herein conferred upon any party is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy
and each and every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter
existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise. 

8.10 Attorneys 
Fees . In the event that any party hereto institutes any legal suit, action, or proceeding, including arbitration, against
another party in respect of a matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party in the suit, action, or proceeding
shall be entitled to receive, in addition to all other damages to which it may be entitled, the costs incurred by such party in conducting
the suit, action or proceeding, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, and court costs. 

8.11 Equitable
Remedies . Each party hereto acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach by such party of any of its obligations under this Agreement
would give rise to irreparable harm to the other parties, for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy, and hereby agrees
that in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by such party of any such obligations, each of the other parties hereto shall, in
addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to them in respect of such breach, be entitled to equitable relief,
including a temporary restraining order, an injunction, specific performance and any other relief that may be available from a court of
competent jurisdiction (without any requirement to post bond). 

8.12 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement and the Exhibits hereto constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with
regard to the subjects hereof and no party shall be liable or bound to any other party in any manner by any representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements except as specifically set forth herein. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

25 

In
Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY: 
 PURCHASER: 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION 
 [NAME OF PURCHASER] 

By: /s/ Alex Cunningham 
 By:__________________________________ 

Name: Alex Cunningham 
 Name: 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 Title: 

Address: 3200 Bel Air Drive 
 Address:__________________________________ 

Las
 Vegas, NV 89109 
 __________________________________ 

Number of Units:__________________________________ 

Purchase Price: __________________________________ 

26 

SCHEDULE I 

 Disclosure Schedule 

27 

Exhibit
A 

Share
Designation of Series A Senior Convertible Preferred Shares 

(See
Attached) 

28 

Exhibit
B 

Form
of Warrant 

(See
Attached) 

29 

Exhibit
C 

Security
Agreement 

(See
Attached) 

30 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 11
 cardiff_ex1006.htm
 GUARANTY, DATED JUNE 1, 2021, BY NOVA ORTHO AND SPINE, PLLC IN FAVOR OF SILAC INSURANCE COMPANY

Exhibit 10.6 

Guaranty 

This GUARANTY (this
 Guaranty ), dated as of June 1, 2021, is made by NOVA ORTHO AND SPINE, PLLC, a Florida limited liability company Guarantor ), in favor and for the benefit of SILAC INSURANCE COMPANY, a Utah corporation Beneficiary ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, all the membership
interests of the Guarantor are being acquired simultaneously herewith by Cardiff Lexington Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the CLC pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA by and among Guarantor, Guarantor s members, and CLC. The
funds to finance the SPA are being provided by Beneficiary pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement and among CLC and certain purchasers outlined therein whereby CLC is issuing Series N Senior Convertible Preferred
Stock, and a Warrant (collectively, the Securities to Beneficiary. The various obligations of CLC set forth in the
documents and agreements outlining the rights of the holders of the Series N. Senior Convertible Preferred Stock, and a Warrant are referred
to herein as the Securities Obligations and include, without limitation, the dividends, liquidation preferences,
redemptions, and any interest thereon or otherwise due on the Securities and all covenants, duties, debts, obligations, other obligations
(monetary or otherwise), whether primary or secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing
or hereafter arising, fixed or otherwise. 

WHEREAS, as the wholly owned
subsidiary of CLC and as the beneficiary entity of the Securities issued to finance the SPA, Guarantor will derive substantial direct
and indirect benefits from the SPA, the Purchase Agreement and issuance of the Securities. 

WHEREAS, it is a condition
precedent to the Purchase Agreement and the acceptance of the Securities by the purchasers thereof, that Guarantor shall have executed
and delivered this Agreement. The purchasers would not have agreed to enter into the Purchase Agreement all transactions related thereto
without this Guaranty as a material inducement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the substantial direct and indirect benefits derived by Guarantor from the Securities and transactions outlined in the SPA, the Purchase
Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, and in order to induce Beneficiary to extend the enter into the Purchase Agreement,
the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

1. 
 Guaranty ; Pledge of All Assets . Guarantor absolutely, unconditionally
and irrevocably guarantees, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, the full and punctual payment and performance of all present
and future obligations, liabilities, covenants and agreements required to be observed and performed or paid or reimbursed by CLC under
or relating to the Securities Obligations and the Purchase Agreement, plus all costs, expenses and fees (including the reasonable fees
and expenses of Beneficiary s counsel) in any way relating to the enforcement or protection of Beneficiary s rights hereunder
(collectively, the Obligations ). To support this Guaranty, Guarantor is pledging all of its assets as further security
for its Obligations by a separate security agreement executed and delivered in connection herewith. 

2. 
 Guaranty Absolute and Unconditional . Guarantor agrees that its Obligations
under this Guaranty are irrevocable, continuing, absolute and unconditional and shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected
by, and Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses to enforcement it may have (now or in the future) by reason of: 

(a) 
 Any illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of any Obligation or the Purchase Agreement or any related agreement or instrument,
or any law, regulation, decree or order of any jurisdiction or any other event affecting any term of the Obligations. 

(b) 
 Any change in the time, place or manner of payment or performance of, or in any other term of the Obligations, or any rescission,
waiver, release, assignment, amendment, or other modification of the Purchase Agreement or Securities. 

1 

(c) 
 Any taking, exchange, substitution, release, impairment, amendment, waiver, modification or non-perfection of any collateral or
any other guaranty for the Obligations, or any manner of sale, disposition, or application of proceeds of any collateral or other assets
to all or part of the Obligations. 

(d) 
 Any default, failure, or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Obligations. 

(e) 
 Any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate structure, ownership, or existence of Guarantor or CLC or any insolvency,
bankruptcy, reorganization, or other similar proceeding affecting CLC or its assets or any resulting restructuring, release, or discharge
of any Obligations. 

(f) 
 Any failure of Beneficiary to disclose to Guarantor any information relating to the business, condition (financial or otherwise),
operations, performance, properties, or prospects of CLC now or hereafter known to Beneficiary, Guarantor waiving any duty of Beneficiary
to disclose such information. 

(g) 
 The failure of Beneficiary to assert any claim or demand or to exercise or enforce any right or remedy under the provisions of
any Purchase Agreement, related agreement, or otherwise. 

(h) 
 Any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations), act, omission, or manner of administering the
Securities, the Purchase Agreement, or any existence of or reliance on any representation by Beneficiary that might vary the risk of Guarantor
or otherwise operate as a defense available to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, Guarantor. 

3. 
 Certain Waivers; Acknowledgments .
Guarantor further acknowledges and agrees as follows: 

(a) 
 Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Guaranty and acknowledges that this Guaranty is
continuing in nature and applies to all presently existing and future Obligations, until the complete, irrevocable, and indefeasible payment
and satisfaction in full of the Obligations. 

(b) 
 This Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection. Beneficiary shall not be obligated to enforce or
exhaust its remedies against CLC before proceeding to enforce this Guaranty. 

(c) 
 This Guaranty is a direct guaranty and independent of the obligations of CLC under the Purchase Agreement or encompassed by the
Securities Obligations. Beneficiary may resort to Guarantor for payment and performance of the Obligations whether or not Beneficiary
shall have resorted to any collateral therefor or shall have proceeded against CLC or any other guarantors with respect to the Obligations.
Beneficiary may, at Beneficiary s option, proceed against Guarantor and CLC, jointly and severally, or against Guarantor only without
having obtained a judgment against CLC. 

(d) 
 Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, presentment, demand for performance,
notice of non-performance, default, acceleration, protest or dishonor and any other notice with respect to any of the Obligations and
this Guaranty and any requirement that Beneficiary protect, secure, perfect or insure any lien or any property subject thereto. 

(e) 
 Guarantor agrees that its guaranty hereunder shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time
all or part of any payment of any Obligation is voided, rescinded, or recovered or must otherwise be returned by Beneficiary upon the
insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of CLC. 

2 

4. 
 Subrogation . Guarantor waives and shall not exercise any rights that it may
acquire by way of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, or indemnification for payments made under this Guaranty until all Obligations
shall have been indefeasibly paid and discharged in full. 

5. 
 Representations and Warranties . To induce Beneficiary to enter into the Purchase
Agreement and accept the Securities used to finance the SPA, Guarantor represents and warrants that: (a) Guarantor is a duly organized
and validly existing limited liability company duly organized and in good standing under the laws of Florida; (b) this Guaranty constitutes
Guarantor s valid and legally binding agreement in accordance with its terms; (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this
Guaranty have been duly authorized by all necessary action and will not violate any order, judgment or decree to which Guarantor or any
of its assets may be subject; and (d) Guarantor is currently solvent and will not be rendered insolvent by providing this Guaranty. 

6. 
 Assignment . This Guaranty shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that Guarantor may not, without the prior written consent
of Beneficiary, assign any of its rights, powers, or obligations hereunder. Beneficiary may assign this Guaranty and its rights hereunder
without the consent of Guarantor. Any attempted assignment in violation of this section shall be null and void. 

7. 
 Governing Law; Service of Process . THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED
UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEVADA, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY CHOICE OF LAW DOCTRINE. 

8. 
 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS
TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER. 

9. 
 Cumulative Rights . Each right, remedy and power hereby granted to Beneficiary
or allowed it by applicable law or other agreement shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any other and may be exercised by Beneficiary
at any time or from time to time. 

10. 
 Severability . If any provision of this Guaranty is to any extent determined
by final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, the remainder of this Guaranty shall not be affected thereby,
and each provision of this Guaranty shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

11. 
 Entire Agreement; Amendments; Headings; Effectiveness . This Guaranty and the
accompanying security agreement referenced in Section 1 constitutes the sole and entire agreement of Guarantor and Beneficiary with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous agreements or understandings, oral or written, with respect to such subject matter.
No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Guaranty shall be valid and binding unless it is in writing and signed, in the case of
an amendment, by both parties, or in the case of a waiver, by the party against which the waiver is to be effective. Section headings
are for convenience of reference only and shall not define, modify, expand, or limit any of the terms of this Guaranty. Delivery of this
Guaranty by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif) format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original of this
Guaranty. 

[signature page follows] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Guarantor has executed this
Guaranty as of the day and year first above written. 

NOVA ORTHO AND SPINE, PLLC , a 
 New York limited liability
company 

By /s/ Alex Cunningham 
 Name: Alex Cunningham 
 Title: CEO 

4 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 12
 cardiff_ex1007.htm
 SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED JUNE 1, 2021, BETWEEN NOVA ORTHO AND SPINE, PLLC AND SILAC INSURANCE COMPANY

Exhibit 10.7 

SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated
as of June 1, 2021 (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof, this
 Agreement ), made by and among NOVA ORTHO AND SPINE, PLLC, a Florida professional limited liability company (the Grantor ),
in favor of SILAC INSURANCE COMPANY, a Utah corporation (the Secured Party ). 

WHEREAS, on the date hereof,
the Grantor executed and delivered to the Secured Party that certain Guaranty of even date herewith (as amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guaranty Agreement ); 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is
given by the Grantor in favor of the Secured Party to secure the payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations; and 

WHEREAS, it is a condition
to the obligations of the Secured Party to purchase the securities being used to acquire all the equity of Grantor that the Grantor execute
and deliver this Agreement to secure the obligations of its new parent entity. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants, terms, and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Definitions . 

(a) Unless otherwise specified herein, all references to Sections and Schedules herein are to Sections and Schedules of this Agreement. 

(b) Unless otherwise defined herein, terms used herein that are defined in the UCC shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
UCC. However, if a term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC differently than in another Article of the UCC, the term has the meaning specified
in Article 9. 

(c) For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Collateral 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2 . 

First Priority 
means, with respect to any lien and security interest purported to be created in any Collateral pursuant to this Agreement, such lien
and security interest is the most senior lien to which such Collateral is subject (subject only to liens permitted under the Guaranty
Agreement). 

Proceeds 
means proceeds as such term is defined in section 9-102 of the UCC and, in any event, shall include, without limitation,
all dividends or other income from the Collateral, collections thereon, or distributions with respect thereto. 

1 

Secured
Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 3 . 

Triggering
Event any event triggering any of Grantor s obligations, performance, or other undertakings of any type or nature outlined
in the Guaranty. 

UCC 
means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Florida or, when the laws of any other state govern the
method or manner of the perfection or enforcement of any security interest in any of the Collateral, the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect from time to time in such state. 

2. Grant of Security Interest . The Grantor hereby pledges and grants to
the Secured Party, and hereby creates a continuing First Priority lien (except for purchase money security interests in equipment existing
as of the date hereof) and security interest in favor of the Secured Party in and to all of its right, title, and interest in and to the
following, wherever located, whether now existing or hereafter from time to time arising or acquired (collectively, the Collateral ): 

(a) 
 all fixtures and personal property of every kind and nature including all accounts (including health-care-insurance receivables),
goods (including inventory and equipment), documents (including, if applicable, electronic documents), instruments, promissory notes,
chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), letters of credit, letter-of-credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced
by a writing), securities and all other investment property, general intangibles (including all payment intangibles), money, deposit accounts,
and any other contract rights or rights to the payment of money; and 

(b) 
 all Proceeds and products of each of the foregoing, all books and records relating to the foregoing, all supporting obligations
related thereto, and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents, profits and products of, each of the foregoing,
and any and all Proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty, or guaranty payable to the Grantor from time to time with respect to any
of the foregoing. 

3. Secured Obligations . The Collateral secures the due and prompt payment
and performance of: 

(a) 
 the obligations of the Grantor from time to time arising under the Guaranty Agreement, this Agreement, or otherwise with respect
to the due and prompt payment of (i) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including interest accruing during the pendency
of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding),
when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment, or otherwise and (ii) all other monetary
obligations, including fees, costs, attorneys fees and disbursements, reimbursement obligations, contract causes of action, expenses,
and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter
arising, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), of the Grantor under or in respect of the
Guaranty Agreement and this Agreement; and 

(b) 
 all other covenants, duties, debts, obligations, and liabilities of any kind of the Grantor under or in respect of the Guaranty
Agreement, this Agreement, or any other document made, delivered, or given in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case whether
evidenced by a note or other writing, whether allowed in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, or other similar proceeding, whether
arising from an extension of credit, issuance of a letter of credit, acceptance, loan, guaranty, indemnification, or otherwise, and whether
primary, secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, fixed or otherwise
(all such obligations, covenants, duties, debts, liabilities, sums, and expenses set forth in this Section 3 
being herein collectively called the Secured Obligations ). 

2 

4. Perfection of Security Interest and Further Assurances . 

(a) 
 The Grantor shall, from time to time, as may be required by the Secured Party with respect to all Collateral, immediately take
all actions as may be requested by the Secured Party to perfect the security interest of the Secured Party in the Collateral, including,
without limitation, with respect to all Collateral over which control may be obtained within the meaning of sections 8-106, 9-104, 9-105,
9-106, and 9-107 of the UCC as applicable, the Grantor shall immediately take all actions as may be requested from time to time by the
Secured Party so that control of such Collateral is obtained and at all times held by the Secured Party. All of the foregoing shall be
at the sole cost and expense of the Grantor. 

(b) 
 The Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Secured Party at any time and from time to time to file in any relevant jurisdiction
any financing statements and amendments thereto that contain the information required by Article 9 of the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction
for the filing of any financing statement or amendment relating to the Collateral, including any financing or continuation statements
or other documents for the purpose of perfecting, confirming, continuing, enforcing, or protecting the security interest granted by the
Grantor hereunder, without the signature of the Grantor where permitted by law, including the filing of a financing statement describing
the Collateral as all assets now owned or hereafter acquired by the Grantor, or words of similar effect. The Grantor agrees to provide
all information required by the Secured Party pursuant to this Section promptly to the Secured Party upon request. The Secured Party may
appoint an agent or other party to act on behalf of the secured party and whose name may appear as the secured party on any UCC-1 or other
financing statement for any reason deemed expedient by Secured Party. 

(c) 
 If the Grantor shall at any time hold or acquire any certificated securities, promissory notes, tangible chattel paper, negotiable
documents, or warehouse receipts relating to the Collateral, the Grantor shall immediately notify Secured Party and, if requested by Secured
Party, immediately endorse, assign, and deliver the same to the Secured Party, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment
duly executed in blank as the Secured Party may from time to time specify. 

(d) 
 If the Grantor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, the Grantor shall immediately notify the Secured Party
in a writing signed by the Grantor of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Party in such writing a security interest therein
and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Secured
Party. 

(e) 
 If any Collateral is at any time in the possession of a bailee, the Grantor shall promptly notify the Secured Party thereof and,
at the Secured Party s request and option, shall promptly obtain an acknowledgment from the bailee, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Secured Party, that the bailee holds such Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Party and the bailee agrees to comply, without
further consent of the Grantor, at any time with instructions of the Secured Party as to such Collateral. 

(f) 
 The Grantor agrees that at any time and from time to time, at the expense of the Grantor, the Grantor will promptly execute and
deliver all further instruments and documents, obtain such agreements from third parties, and take all further action, that may be necessary
or desirable, or that the Secured Party may reasonably request, in order to create and/or maintain the validity, perfection, or priority
of and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Party to exercise and enforce
its rights and remedies hereunder or under any other agreement with respect to any Collateral. 

3 

5. Representations and Warranties . The Grantor represents and warrants
as follows: 

(a) 
 (i) the Grantor s exact legal name is that indicated in the preface and on the signature page hereof, (ii) the Grantor is
a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Florida, and (iii) all of Grantor s business is
conducted in the State of Florida and all the Collateral is physically located in the State of Florida. 

(b) 
 The following is an accurate and complete listing of real property leased by Grantor and the counties in which any Collateral including,
without limitation, all fixtures and personal property of Grantor are located: 

Office Name Address City 

1. Okeechobee 
2257 US Highway 441 North, Suite B Okeechobee,
FL 34972 
 
 2. Ft. Pierce 
1903 South 25 th Street, Suite 103 Ft Pierce, FL
34947 
 
 3. Vero Beach 1860
82 nd Ave, Suite 202 Vero
Beach, FL 32966 
 
 4. Palm Bay 5200
Babcock St NE, Suite 203 A Palm
Bay, FL 32905 
 
 5. Tallahassee 
6267 Old Water Oak Road, Suite 201 Tallahassee,
FL 32312 
 
 6. Chipley 1376
Brickyard Road, Suite 205-A Chipley,
FL 32428 
 
 7. Cocoa 211
Coral Sands Drive, Suite A Rockledge,
FL 32955 

Secured Party will give at least thirty
(30 days advance written notice before it moves any Collateral to a location not specified in the foregoing list or any Collateral is
located in a location not specified in the foregoing list. 

(c) 
 None of the account debtors or other persons obligated on any of the Collateral is a governmental authority covered by the Federal
Assignment of Claims Act or like federal, state, or local statute or rule in respect of such Collateral. The Grantor has at all times
operated its business in compliance with all applicable provisions of the federal Fair Labor Standards Act, as amended, and with all applicable
provisions of federal, state, and local statutes and ordinances dealing with the control, shipment, storage, or disposal of hazardous
materials or substances. 

(d) 
 At the time the Collateral becomes subject to the lien and security interest created by this Agreement, the Grantor will be the
sole, direct, legal, and beneficial owner thereof, free and clear of any lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim, option, or right
of others except for the security interest created by this Agreement. 

(e) The pledge of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement creates a valid and perfected First Priority security interest in the Collateral,
securing the payment and performance when due of the Secured Obligations. 

(f) 
 It has full power, authority, and legal right to pledge the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement. 

(g) Each of this Agreement and the Guaranty Agreement has been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by the Grantor and constitutes
a legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Grantor enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to equitable principles (regardless
of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law). 

4 

(h) 
 No authorization, approval, or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body
is required for the pledge by the Grantor of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement or for the execution and delivery of the Guaranty
Agreement and this Agreement by the Grantor or the performance by the Grantor of its obligations thereunder. 

(i) 
 The execution and delivery of the Guaranty Agreement and this Agreement by the Grantor and the performance by the Grantor of its
obligations thereunder, will not violate any provision of any applicable law or regulation or any order, judgment, writ, award, or decree
of any court, arbitrator, or governmental authority, domestic or foreign, applicable to the Grantor or any of its property, or the organizational
or governing documents of the Grantor or any agreement or instrument to which the Grantor is party or by which it or its property is bound. 

(j) 
 The Grantor has taken all action required on its part for control (as defined in sections 8-106, 9-104, 9-105, 9-106, and 9-107
of the UCC as applicable) to have been obtained by the Secured Party over all Collateral with respect to which such control may be obtained
pursuant to the UCC. No person other than the Secured Party has control or possession of all or any part of the Collateral. 

6. Voting, Distributions and Receivables . 

(a) 
 The Secured Party agrees that unless an Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing, the Grantor may, to the extent
the Grantor has such right as a holder of the Collateral consisting of securities, other equity interests or indebtedness owed by any
obligor, vote and give consents, ratifications, and waivers with respect thereto, except to the extent that, in the Secured Party s
reasonable judgment, any such vote, consent, ratification, or waiver would detract from the value thereof as Collateral or which would
be inconsistent with or result in any violation of any provision of the Guaranty Agreement or this Agreement. 

(b) The Secured Party agrees that the Grantor may, unless a Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing, receive and retain
all dividends and other distributions with respect to the Collateral consisting of securities, other equity interests, or indebtedness
owed by any obligor. 

(c) 
 If any Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing, the Secured Party may, or at the request and option of the Secured
Party the Grantor shall, notify account debtors and other persons obligated on any of the Collateral of the security interest of the Secured
Party in any account, chattel paper, general intangible, instrument, or other Collateral and that payment thereof is to be made directly
to the Secured Party. 

7. Covenants . The Grantor covenants as follows: 

(a) 
 The Grantor will not, without providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Secured Party, change its
legal name, identity, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, corporate structure, location of its chief executive office
or its principal place of business, or its organizational identification number. The Grantor will, prior to any change described in the
preceding sentence, take all actions requested by the Secured Party to maintain the perfection and priority of the Secured Party s
security interest in the Collateral. 

5 

(b) 
 The Collateral, to the extent not delivered to the Secured Party pursuant to Section 4 ,
will be kept at Grantor s normal places of business in the State of Florida and the Grantor will not remove the Collateral from
such locations without providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Secured Party. The Grantor will, prior to
any change described in the preceding sentence, take all actions required by the Secured Party to maintain the perfection and priority
of the Secured Party s security interest in the Collateral. 

(c) 
 The Grantor shall, at its own cost and expense, defend title to the Collateral and the First Priority lien and security interest
of the Secured Party therein against the claim of any person claiming against or through the Grantor and shall maintain and preserve such
perfected First Priority security interest for so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect. 

(d) 
 The Grantor will not sell, offer to sell, dispose of, convey, assign or otherwise transfer, grant any option with respect to, restrict,
or grant, create, permit, or suffer to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest, option, right of first offer, encumbrance,
or other restriction or limitation of any nature whatsoever on, any of the Collateral or any interest therein. 

(e) 
 The Grantor will keep the Collateral in good order and repair and will not use the same in violation of law or any policy of insurance
thereon. The Grantor will permit the Secured Party, or its designee, to inspect the Collateral at any reasonable time, wherever located. 

(f) 
 The Grantor will pay promptly when due all taxes, assessments, governmental charges, and levies upon the Collateral or incurred
in connection with the use or operation of the Collateral or incurred in connection with this Agreement. 

(g) 
 The Grantor will continue to operate its business in compliance with all applicable provisions of the federal Fair Labor Standards
Act, as amended, and with all applicable provisions of federal, state, and local statutes and ordinances dealing with the control, shipment,
storage, or disposal of hazardous materials or substances. 

8. Secured
Party Appointed Attorney-in-Fact . The Grantor hereby appoints the Secured Party the Grantor s attorney-in-fact, with
full authority in the place and stead of the Grantor and in the name of the Grantor or otherwise, from time to time during the continuance
of an Triggering Event in the Secured Party s discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Secured Party
may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement (but the Secured Party shall not be obligated to and shall
have no liability to the Grantor or any third party for failure to do so or take action). This appointment, being coupled with an interest,
shall be irrevocable. The Grantor hereby ratifies all that said attorneys shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

9. Secured
Party May Perform . If the Grantor fails to perform any obligation contained in this Agreement, the Secured Party may itself
perform, or cause performance of, such obligation, and the expenses of the Secured Party incurred in connection therewith shall be payable
by the Grantor; provided that the Secured Party shall not be required to perform or discharge any obligation of the Grantor. 

10. 
 Reasonable
Care . The Secured Party shall have no duty with respect to the care and preservation of the Collateral beyond the exercise
of reasonable care. The Secured Party shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral
in its possession if the Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which the Secured Party accords its own property,
it being understood that the Secured Party shall not have any responsibility for (a) ascertaining or taking action with respect to any
claims, the nature or sufficiency of any payment or performance by any party under or pursuant to any agreement relating to the Collateral
or other matters relative to any Collateral, whether or not the Secured Party has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters, or (b)
taking any necessary steps to preserve rights against any parties with respect to any Collateral. Nothing set forth in this Agreement,
nor the exercise by the Secured Party of any of the rights and remedies hereunder, shall relieve the Grantor from the performance of any
obligation on the Grantor s part to be performed or observed in respect of any of the Collateral. 

6 

11. 
 Remedies Upon Default . 

(a) 
 If any Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing, the Secured Party, without any other notice to or demand upon the
Grantor, may assert all rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC or other applicable law, including, without limitation, the
right to take possession of, hold, collect, sell, lease, deliver, grant options to purchase or otherwise retain, liquidate, or dispose
of all or any portion of the Collateral. If notice prior to disposition of the Collateral or any portion thereof is necessary under applicable
law, written notice mailed to the Grantor at its notice address as provided in Section 15 
hereof ten (10) days prior to the date of such disposition shall constitute reasonable notice, but notice given in any other reasonable
manner shall be sufficient. So long as the sale of the Collateral is made in a commercially reasonable manner, the Secured Party may sell
such Collateral on such terms and to such purchaser(s) as the Secured Party in its absolute discretion may choose, without assuming any
credit risk and without any obligation to advertise or give notice of any kind other than that necessary under applicable law. Without
precluding any other methods of sale, the sale of the Collateral or any portion thereof shall have been made in a commercially reasonable
manner if conducted in conformity with reasonable commercial practices of creditors disposing of similar property. At any sale of the
Collateral, if permitted by applicable law, the Secured Party may be the purchaser, licensee, assignee, or recipient of the Collateral
or any part thereof and shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or
any portion of the Collateral sold, assigned, or licensed at such sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations as a credit on
account of the purchase price of the Collateral or any part thereof payable at such sale. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the
Grantor waives all claims, damages, and demands it may acquire against the Secured Party arising out of the exercise by it of any rights
hereunder. The Grantor hereby waives and releases to the fullest extent permitted by law any right or equity of redemption with respect
to the Collateral, whether before or after sale hereunder, and all rights, if any, of marshalling the Collateral and any other security
for the Secured Obligations or otherwise. At any such sale, unless prohibited by applicable law, the Secured Party or any custodian may
bid for and purchase all or any part of the Collateral so sold free from any such right or equity of redemption. Neither the Secured Party
nor any custodian shall be liable for failure to collect or realize upon any or all of the Collateral or for any delay in so doing, nor
shall it be under any obligation to take any action whatsoever with regard thereto. The Grantor agrees that it would not be commercially
unreasonable for the Secured Party to dispose of the Collateral or any portion thereof by utilizing internet sites that provide for the
auction of assets of the type included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capability of doing so, or that match buyers and
sellers of assets. The Secured Party shall not be obligated to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale. 

(b) 
 If any Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing, all rights of the Grantor to (i) exercise the voting and other consensual
rights it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 6(a) and (ii) receive
the dividends and other distributions which it would otherwise be entitled to receive and retain pursuant to Section 6(b) 
shall immediately cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Secured Party, which shall have the sole right to exercise
such voting and other consensual rights and receive and hold such dividends and other distributions as Collateral. 

7 

(c) 
 If any Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing, any cash held by the Secured Party as Collateral and all cash Proceeds
received by the Secured Party in respect of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral
shall be applied in whole or in part by the Secured Party to the payment of expenses incurred by the Secured Party in connection with
the foregoing or incidental to the care or safekeeping of any of the Collateral or in any way relating to the Collateral or the rights
of the Secured Party hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees, and the balance of such proceeds shall be applied or set off
against all or any part of the Secured Obligations in such order as the Secured Party shall elect. Any surplus of such cash or cash Proceeds
held by the Secured Party and remaining after payment in full of all the Secured Obligations shall be paid over to the Grantor or to whomsoever
may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. The Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency if such cash and the cash Proceeds
of any sale or other realization of the Collateral are insufficient to pay the Secured Obligations and the fees and other charges of any
attorneys employed by the Secured Party to collect such deficiency. 

(d) 
 If the Secured Party shall determine to exercise its rights to sell all or any of the Collateral pursuant to this Section, the
Grantor agrees that, upon request of the Secured Party, the Grantor will, at its own expense, do or cause to be done all such acts and
things as may be necessary to make such sale of the Collateral or any part thereof valid and binding and in compliance with applicable
law. 

12. 
 No
Waiver and Cumulative Remedies . The Secured Party shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section
 14 ), delay, indulgence, omission, or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or
remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any Triggering Event. All rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive
of any rights or remedies provided by law. 

13. 
 SECURITY
INTEREST ABSOLUTE . The Grantor hereby waives demand, notice, protest, notice of acceptance of this Agreement, notice of loans
made, credit extended, Collateral received or delivered, or other action taken in reliance hereon and all other demands and notices of
any description. All rights of the Secured Party and liens and security interests hereunder, and all Secured Obligations of the Grantor
hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of: 

(a) 
 any illegality or lack of validity or enforceability of any Secured Obligation or any related agreement or instrument; 

(b) 
 any change in the time, place, or manner of payment of, or in any other term of, the Secured Obligations, or any rescission, waiver,
amendment, or other modification of the Guaranty Agreement, this Agreement, or any other agreement, including any increase in the Secured
Obligations resulting from any extension of additional credit or otherwise; 

(c) 
 any taking, exchange, substitution, release, impairment, or non-perfection of any Collateral or any other collateral, or any taking,
release, impairment, amendment, waiver, or other modification of any guaranty, for all or any of the Secured Obligations; 

(d) 
 any manner of sale, disposition, or application of proceeds of any Collateral or any other collateral or other assets to all or
part of the Secured Obligations; 

(e) 
 any default, failure, or delay, wilful or otherwise, in the performance of the Secured Obligations; 

8 

(f) 
 any defense, set-off, or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance) that may at any time be available to, or
be asserted by, the Grantor against the Secured Party; or 

(g) any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation
by the Secured Party that might vary the risk of the Grantor or otherwise operate as a defense available to, or a legal or equitable discharge
of, the Grantor or any other grantor, guarantor, or surety. 

14. 
 Amendments . None of the terms or provisions of this Agreement may be
amended, modified, supplemented, terminated, or waived, and no consent to any departure by the Grantor therefrom shall be effective unless
the same shall be in writing and signed by the Secured Party and the Grantor, and then such amendment, modification, supplement, waiver,
or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given. 

15. 
 Addresses
For Notices . All notices and other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given in
the manner and become effective as set forth in the Guaranty Agreement and addressed to the respective parties at their addresses as specified
on the signature pages hereof or as to either party at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to
each other party. 

16. 
 Continuing Security Interest; Further Actions . This Agreement shall
create a continuing First Priority lien and security interest in the Collateral and shall (a) subject to Section 17 ,
remain in full force and effect until payment and performance in full of the Secured Obligations, (b) be binding upon the Grantor, its
successors, and assigns, and (c) inure to the benefit of the Secured Party and its successors, transferees, and assigns; provided that
the Grantor may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent
of the Secured Party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any assignee of the Secured Party s interest
in any agreement or document which includes all or any of the Secured Obligations shall, upon assignment, become vested with all the benefits
granted to the Secured Party herein with respect to such Secured Obligations. 

17. Termination;
Release . On the date on which all Secured Obligations have been paid and performed in full, the Secured Party will, at the
request and sole expense of the Grantor, (a) duly assign, transfer, and deliver to or at the direction of the Grantor (without recourse
and without any representation or warranty) such of the Collateral as may then remain in the possession of the Secured Party, together
with any monies at the time held by the Secured Party hereunder, and (b) execute and deliver to the Grantor a proper instrument or instruments
acknowledging the satisfaction and termination of this Agreement. 

18. Governing
Law . This Agreement and any claim, controversy, dispute, or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based
upon, arising out of, or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada . 

19. Counterparts .
This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents, or supplements hereto may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties
hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all taken together shall constitute a single contract.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire contract
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect thereto. 

[signature page 
follows] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

NOVA ORTHO AND SPINE, PLLC , as Grantor 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham Title: CEO 

Address for Notices: 

3200 Bel Air Drive 

Las Vegas, NV 89109 

SILAC INSURANCE COMPANY , as Secured Party 

By: 

Name: Title: 

Address for Notices: 

10 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 13
 cardiff_ex1008.htm
 SECURITY AND STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT, DATED JUNE 1, 2021, BETWEEN CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION AND SILAC INSURANCE COMPANY

Exhibit 10.8 

SECURITY AND STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITY AND STOCK PLEDGE
AGREEMENT, dated as of June 1, 2021 (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions
hereof, this Agreement ), made by and between CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation (the Pledgor ),
in favor of SILAC INSURANCE COMPANY, a Utah corporation (the Secured Party ). 

WHEREAS, on the date hereof,
the Pledgor has issued securities (collectively, the Securities to the Secured Party in the form of Series N. Senior
Convertible Preferred Stock, and a Warrant from Pledgor to finance Pledgor s acquisition of Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC, a Florida
professional limited liability company (the Target ). All of Pledgor s obligations under the Securities are
to be fully secured by a pledge of all of Pledgor s assets as set forth herein. 

WHEREA, Pledgor functions primarily
as a holding company to own all the equity of the Target and to manage the same. The Pledged Shares are the primary asset of the Pledgor; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is given
by the Pledgor in favor of the Secured Party to secure the payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations; and 

WHEREAS, it is a condition to
the obligations of the Secured Party to finance the acquisition of the Target and accept the Securities that the Pledgor execute and deliver
this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants, terms and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. 
 Definitions . 

(a) Unless otherwise specified herein, all references to Sections and Schedules herein are to Sections and Schedules of this Agreement. 

(b) 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms used herein that are defined in the UCC shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
UCC. However, if a term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC differently than in another Article of the UCC, the term has the meaning specified
in Article 9. 

1 

(c) 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Collateral 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2. 

Pledged
Shares means all the membership interests and any other equity in Target represented by certificate number 1001, and the
certificates, instruments and agreements representing the Pledged Shares and includes any securities or other interests, howsoever
evidenced, or denominated, received by the Pledgor in exchange for or as a dividend or distribution on or otherwise received in
respect of the Pledged Shares. 

Proceeds 
means proceeds as such term is defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC and, in any event, shall include, without limitation,
all dividends or other income from the Pledged Shares, collections thereon or distributions with respect thereto. 

Secured
Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 3. 

Triggering
Event means an action, event, occurrence or otherwise in which Pledgor breaches or is otherwise in default or otherwise fails
to comply with any obligations it may have to Secured Party of any kind or nature with the Securities. 

UCC 
means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Nevada or, when the laws of any other state govern the
method or manner of the perfection or enforcement of any security interest in any of the Collateral, the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect from time to time in such state. 

2. 
 Pledge . The Pledgor hereby pledges, assigns, and grants to the Secured Party,
and hereby creates a continuing first priority lien and security interest in favor of the Secured Party in and to all of its right, title
and interest in and to the following, wherever located, whether now existing or hereafter from time to time arising or acquired (collectively,
the Collateral ): 

(a) the Pledged Shares; 

(b) all fixtures and personal property of every kind and nature including all accounts, goods (including inventory and equipment),
documents (including, if applicable, electronic documents), instruments, promissory notes, chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic),
letters of credit, letter-of-credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities and all other investment
property, general intangibles (including all payment intangibles), money, deposit accounts, and any other contract rights or rights to
the payment of money; and 

(c) all Proceeds and products of the foregoing, and all substitutions and replacements for, and profits and products of, each of the
foregoing, and any and all Proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty, or guaranty payable to the Pledgor from time to time with respect
to any of the foregoing. 

2 

3. 
 Secured Obligations . The Collateral secures the due and prompt payment and
performance of: 

(a) 
 the obligations of the Pledgor from time to time arising under the Securities, this Agreement or otherwise with respect to the
due and prompt payment of (i) the dividends, liquidation preferences, redemptions, and any interest thereon or otherwise due on the Securities
(including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of
whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for
prepayment or otherwise and (ii) all other monetary obligations, including fees, costs, attorneys fees and disbursements, reimbursement
obligations, contract causes of action, expenses and indemnities, whether primary or secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent,
due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency
of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding),
of the Pledgor under or in respect of the Securities and this Agreement; and 

(b) 
 all other covenants, duties, debts, obligations and liabilities of any kind of the Pledgor under or in respect of the Securities,
this Agreement or any other document made, delivered or given in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case whether evidenced
by a note or other writing, whether allowed in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, whether arising from
an extension of credit, issuance of a letter of credit, acceptance, loan, guaranty, indemnification or otherwise, and whether primary
or secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, fixed or otherwise 

(all such obligations, covenants, duties, debts,
liabilities, sums, and expenses set forth in Section 3 being herein collectively called the Secured Obligations ). 

4. 
 Perfection of Pledge . 

(a) 
 The Pledgor shall, from time to time, as may be required by the Secured Party with respect to all Collateral, immediately take
all actions as may be requested by the Secured Party to perfect the security interest of the Secured Party in the Collateral, including,
without limitation, with respect to all Collateral over which control may be obtained within the meaning of Section 8-106 of the UCC,
the Pledgor shall immediately take all actions as may be requested from time to time by the Secured Party so that possession and control
of such Collateral is obtained and at all times held by the Secured Party. All of the foregoing shall be at the sole cost and expense
of the Pledgor. 

(b) 
 The Pledgor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Secured Party at any time and from time to time to file in any relevant jurisdiction
any financing statements and amendments thereto that contain the information required by Article 9 of the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction
for the filing of any financing statement or amendment relating to the Collateral, without the signature of the Pledgor where permitted
by law. The Pledgor agrees to provide all information required by the Secured Party pursuant to this Section promptly to the Secured Party
upon request. . The Secured Party may appoint an agent or other party to act on behalf of the secured party and whose name may appear
as the secured party on any UCC-1 or other financing statement for any reason deemed expedient by Secured Party. 

3 

5. 
 Representations and Warranties . The Pledgor represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) 
 The Pledged Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and subject to no options
to purchase or similar rights. All information set forth in Schedule 1 relating to the Pledged Shares is accurate and complete. 

(b) 
 At the time the Collateral becomes subject to the lien and security interest created by this Agreement, the Pledgor will be the
sole, direct, legal, and beneficial owner thereof, free and clear of any lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim, option or right
of others except for the security interest created by this Agreement. 

(c) 
 The pledge of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement creates a valid and perfected first priority security interest in the Collateral,
securing the payment and performance when due of the Secured Obligations. 

(d) Pledgor
is a Nevada corporation whose principal place of business for UCC purposes is located at: 3200 Bel Air Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89109 in
the State of Nevada. Pledgor covenants and agrees that is will relocate its primary place of place of business without giving
Secured Party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice. 

(e) 
 It has full power, authority, and legal right to enter into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(f) 
 Each of this Agreement and the Securities have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Pledgor and constitutes a legal,
valid, and binding obligation of the Pledgor enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to equitable principles (regardless of whether
enforcement is sought in equity or at law). 

(g) 
 No authorization, approval, or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority, regulatory body or
any other entity is required for the borrowing of the Loans and the pledge by the Pledgor of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement
or for the issuance, execution, and delivery of the Securities and this Agreement by the Pledgor or the performance by the Pledgor of
its obligations thereunder. 

(h) 
 The issuance, execution and delivery of the Securities and this Agreement by the Pledgor and the performance by the Pledgor of
its obligations thereunder, will not violate any provision of any applicable law or regulation or any order, judgment, writ, award or
decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority, domestic or foreign, applicable to the Pledgor or any of its property, or the
organizational or governing documents of the Pledgor or any agreement or instrument to which the Pledgor is party or by which it or its
property is bound. 

(i) 
 The Pledgor has taken all action required on its part for control (as defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC) to have been obtained
by the Secured Party over all Collateral with respect to which such control may be obtained pursuant to the UCC. No person other than
the Secured Party has control or possession of all or any part of the Collateral. Without limiting the foregoing, all certificates, agreements,
or instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Shares in existence on the date hereof have been delivered to the Secured Party
(or its designee) in suitable form for transfer by delivery or accompanied by duly executed undated instruments of transfer or assignment
in blank. 

4 

6. 
 Dividends and Voting Rights . 

(a) 
 The Secured Party agrees that unless a Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing, the Pledgor may, to the extent the
Pledgor has such right as a holder of the Pledged Shares, vote and give consents, ratifications and waivers with respect thereto, except
to the extent that, in the Secured Party s reasonable judgment, any such vote, consent, ratification or waiver could detract from
the value thereof as Collateral or which could be inconsistent with or result in any violation of any provision of the Securities or this
Agreement, and from time to time, upon request from the Pledgor, the Secured Party shall deliver to the Pledgor suitable proxies so that
the Pledgor may cast such votes, consents, ratifications and waivers. 

(b) 
 The Secured Party agrees that the Pledgor may, unless a Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing, receive and retain
all cash dividends and other distributions with respect to the Pledged Shares. 

7. 
 Further Assurances . 

(a) The Pledgor shall, at its own cost and expense, defend title to the Collateral and the first priority lien and security interest
of the Secured Party therein against the claim of any person claiming against or through the Pledgor and shall maintain and preserve such
perfected first priority security interest for so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect. 

(b) The Pledgor agrees that at any time and from time to time, at the expense of the Pledgor, the Pledgor will promptly execute and
deliver all further instruments and documents, obtain such agreements from third parties, and take all further action, that may be necessary
or desirable, or that the Secured Party may request, in order to create and/or maintain the validity, perfection or priority of and protect
any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Party to exercise and enforce its rights and
remedies hereunder or under any other agreement with respect to any Collateral. 

(c) The Pledgor will not, without providing at least 30 days prior written notice to the Secured Party, change its legal name,
identity, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, corporate structure, location of its chief executive office or its principal
place of business, its Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or its organizational identification number. The Pledgor will, prior to
any change described in the preceding sentence, take all actions requested by the Secured Party to maintain the perfection and priority
of the Secured Party s security interest in the Collateral. 

8. Transfers and Other Liens . The Pledgor agrees that it will not sell, offer
to sell, dispose of, convey, assign or otherwise transfer, grant any option with respect to, restrict, or grant, create, permit or suffer
to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest, option, right of first offer, encumbrance or other restriction or limitation of
any nature whatsoever on, any of the Collateral or any interest therein except as expressly provided for herein or with the prior written
consent of the Secured Party. 

9. Secured Party Appointed Attorney-in-Fact . The Pledgor hereby appoints the Secured
Party the Pledgor s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of the Pledgor and in the name of the Pledgor or
otherwise, from time to time in the Secured Party s discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Secured
Party may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation, to receive, endorse
and collect all instruments made payable to the Pledgor representing any dividend, interest payment or other distribution in respect of
the Collateral or any part thereof and to give full discharge for the same (but the Secured Party shall not be obligated to and shall
have no liability to the Pledgor or any third party for failure to do so or take action). Such appointment, being coupled with an interest,
shall be irrevocable. The Pledgor hereby ratifies all that said attorneys shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

5 

10. Secured Party May Perform . If the Pledgor fails to perform any obligation contained
in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty on the part of the Pledgor contained herein shall be breached, the Secured Party
may itself perform, or cause performance of, such obligation, or remedy such breach, and the expenses of the Secured Party incurred in
connection therewith shall be payable by the Pledgor; provided that the Secured Party shall not be required to perform or discharge any
obligation of the Pledgor. Neither the provisions of this Section 10 nor any action taken by the Secured Party pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 10 shall prevent any such failure to observe any covenant contained in this Agreement or any breach of representation
or warranty from constituting a Triggering Event. 

11. Reasonable Care . The Secured Party shall have no duty with respect to the care
and preservation of the Collateral beyond the exercise of reasonable care. The Secured Party shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable
care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral in its possession if the Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to
that which the Secured Party accords its own property, it being understood that the Secured Party shall not have any responsibility for
(a) ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relative to any
Collateral, whether or not the Secured Party has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters, or (b) taking any necessary steps to
preserve rights against any parties with respect to any Collateral. Nothing set forth in this Agreement, nor the exercise by the Secured
Party of any of the rights and remedies hereunder, shall relieve the Pledgor from the performance of any obligation on the Pledgor s
part to be performed or observed in respect of any of the Collateral. 

12. 
 Remedies Upon Default . 

(a) If any Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing, the Secured Party may, without any other notice to or demand upon
the Pledgor, assert all rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC or other applicable law, including, without limitation, the
right to take possession of, hold, collect, sell, lease, deliver, grant options to purchase or otherwise retain, liquidate, or dispose
of all or any portion of the Collateral. Secured Party shall also have the right to require the Pledgor to sell the Collateral for and
on behalf of the Secured Party and to immediately forward to Secured party any and all proceeds of such sale and Pledgor hereby covenants
and agrees to cooperate with Secured Party in any such sale and to take all actions requested by Secure Party in connection therewith
within the time periods requested by Secured Party. If notice prior to disposition of the Collateral or any portion thereof is necessary
under applicable law, written notice mailed to the Pledgor at its notice address as provided in Section 16 three days prior to the date
of such disposition shall constitute reasonable notice, but notice given in any other reasonable manner shall be sufficient. So long as
the sale of the Collateral is made in a commercially reasonable manner, the Secured Party may sell such Collateral on such terms and to
such purchaser(s) as the Secured Party in its absolute discretion may choose, without assuming any credit risk and without any obligation
to advertise or give notice of any kind other than that necessary under applicable law. Without precluding any other methods of sale,
the sale of the Collateral or any portion thereof shall have been made in a commercially reasonable manner if conducted in conformity
with reasonable commercial practices of creditors disposing of similar property. At any sale of the Collateral, if permitted by applicable
law, the Secured Party may be the purchaser, licensee, assignee or recipient of the Collateral or any part thereof and shall be entitled,
for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold, assigned
or licensed at such sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price of the Collateral
or any part thereof payable at such sale. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Pledgor waives all claims, damages, and demands
it may acquire against the Secured Party arising out of the exercise by it of any rights hereunder. The Pledgor hereby waives and releases
to the fullest extent permitted by law any right or equity of redemption with respect to the Collateral, whether before or after sale
hereunder, and all rights, if any, of marshalling the Collateral and any other security for the Secured Obligations or otherwise. At any
such sale, unless prohibited by applicable law, the Secured Party or any custodian may bid for and purchase all or any part of the Collateral
so sold free from any such right or equity of redemption. Neither the Secured Party nor any custodian shall be liable for failure to collect
or realize upon any or all of the Collateral or for any delay in so doing, nor shall it be under any obligation to take any action whatsoever
with regard thereto. 

6 

(b) 
 If any Triggering Event shall have occurred, all rights of the Pledgor to (i) exercise the voting and other consensual rights it
would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 6(a) and (ii) receive the
dividends and other distributions which it would otherwise be entitled to receive and retain pursuant to Section
6(b) , shall immediately cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Secured Party, which shall have the sole
right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights and receive and hold such dividends and other distributions as Collateral. 

(c) 
 If any Triggering Event shall have occurred, any cash held by the Secured Party as Collateral and all cash Proceeds received by
the Secured Party in respect of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral shall be applied
in whole or in part by the Secured Party to the payment of expenses incurred by the Secured Party in connection with the foregoing or
incidental to the care or safekeeping of any of the Collateral or in any way relating to the Collateral or the rights of the Secured Party
hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees, and the balance of such proceeds shall be applied or set off against all or any
part of the Secured Obligations in such order as the Secured Party shall elect. Any surplus of such cash or cash Proceeds held by the
Secured Party and remaining after payment in full of all the Secured Obligations shall be paid over to the Pledgor or to whomsoever may
be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. The Pledgor shall remain liable for any deficiency if such cash and the cash Proceeds of
any sale or other realization of the Collateral are insufficient to pay the Secured Obligations and the fees and other charges of any
attorneys employed by the Secured Party to collect such deficiency. 

(d) 
 If the Secured Party shall determine to exercise its rights to sell all or any of the Collateral pursuant to this Section, the
Pledgor agrees that, upon request of the Secured Party, the Pledgor will, at its own expense, do or cause to be done all such acts and
things as may be necessary to make such sale of the Collateral or any part thereof valid and binding and in compliance with applicable
law. 

13. 
 No Waiver and Cumulative Remedies . The Secured Party shall not by any act (except
by a written instrument pursuant to Section 15), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy
hereunder or to have acquiesced in any Default or Triggering Event. All rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not
exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 

14. 
 SECURITY INTEREST ABSOLUTE .
The Pledgor hereby waives demand, notice, protest, notice of acceptance of this Agreement, notice of loans made, credit extended, Collateral
received or delivered, or other action taken in reliance hereon and all other demands and notices of any description. All rights of the
Secured Party and liens and security interests hereunder, and all Secured Obligations of the Pledgor hereunder, shall be absolute and
unconditional irrespective of: 

(a) any illegality or lack of validity or enforceability of any Secured Obligation or any related agreement or instrument; 

(b) any change in the time, place, or manner of payment of, or in any other term of, the Secured Obligations, or any rescission, waiver,
amendment or other modification of the Securities, this Agreement, or any other agreement, including any increase in the Secured Obligations
resulting from any extension of additional credit or otherwise; 

(c) any taking, exchange, substitution, release, impairment or non-perfection of any Collateral or any other collateral, or any taking,
release, impairment, amendment, waiver, or other modification of any guaranty, for all or any of the Secured Obligations; 

7 

(d) 
 any manner of sale, disposition, or application of proceeds of any Collateral or any other collateral or other assets to all or
part of the Secured Obligations; 

(e) any default, failure, or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Secured Obligations; 

(f) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance) that may at any time be available to, or
be asserted by, the Pledgor against the Secured Party; or 

(g) 
 any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or manner of administering the Loans or any
existence of or reliance on any representation by the Secured Party that might vary the risk of the Pledgor or otherwise operate as a
defense available to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, the Pledgor or any other grantor, guarantor, or surety. 

15. Amendments . None of the terms or provisions of this Agreement may be amended,
modified, supplemented, terminated, or waived, and no consent to any departure by the Pledgor therefrom shall be effective unless the
same shall be in writing and signed by the Secured Party and the Pledgor, and then such amendment, modification, supplement, waiver, or
consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given. 

16. Addresses for Notices . All notices and other communications provided for in
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given in the manner and become effective as set forth in the Securities and addressed
to the respective parties at their addresses as specified on the signature pages hereof or as to either party at such other address as
shall be designated by such party in a written notice to each other party. 

17. Continuing Security Interest; Further Actions . This Agreement shall create
a continuing first priority lien and security interest in the Collateral and shall (a) subject to Section 18, remain in full force and
effect until payment and performance in full of the Secured Obligations, (b) be binding upon the Pledgor, its successors and assigns,
and (c) inure to the benefit of the Secured Party and its successors, transferees and assigns; provided that the Pledgor may not assign
or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Secured Party. 

18. Termination; Release . On the date on which all Loans and other Secured Obligations
have been paid and performed in full, the Secured Party will, at the request and sole expense of the Pledgor, (a) duly assign, transfer
and deliver to or at the direction of the Pledgor (without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of the Collateral
as may then remain in the possession of the Secured Party, together with any monies at the time held by the Secured Party hereunder, and
(b) execute and deliver to the Pledgor a proper instrument or instruments acknowledging the satisfaction and termination of this Agreement. 

19. Governing L aw . This Agreement and any claim, controversy, dispute, or
cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada. 

20. Counterparts . This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents, or supplements
hereto may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an
original, but all taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement
by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire contract among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersede all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect thereto. 

[signature page follows] 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION , a Nevada corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Cunningham 

Name: Alex Cunningham Title: CEO 

9 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 14
 cardiff_ex1009.htm
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED SEPTEMBER 3, 2020

Exhibit 10.9 

SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(the Agreement is made as of September 3rd, 2020 by and among CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION , a Florida corporation, the Company ),
and GHS INVESTMENTS LLC , a Nevada limited liability company (the Purchaser ). 

Recital 

A. 
 The Company and the Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration
afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule 506(b) promulgated
by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Act; 

B. 
 The Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, upon the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount
of up to two hundred thousand Dollars 200,000) or so much as has been advanced in one or more tranches (the Principal Amount , and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with
the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Note ), upon the terms and subject to the
limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; 

C. 
 The Note carries an original issue discount of fifty thousand Dollars 50,0000) (the OID ), to cover the Purchaser s
accounting fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of
the Note, which is included in the principal balance of the Note. Thus, the purchase price of this Note shall be one hundred fifty thousand
Dollars 150,000), computed by subtracting the OID from the Principal Amount. 

D. 
 Company wishes to issue to the Purchaser, as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, a warrant in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Warrant which shall be issued to Purchaser upon Closing as further provided herein. 

Agreement 

Now,
Therefore , in consideration of the foregoing, and the representations, warranties, covenants and conditions set forth below,
the Company and the Purchaser, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. Amount and Terms of the Note 

1.1 
 Purchase of the Note . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, for consideration of up to one hundred fifty thousand
Dollars 150,000) in cash (the Consideration to be paid in one or more tranches (each, a Tranche with the first Tranche in the amount of not less than fifty thousand Dollars 50,000) paid on the Issue Date (as defined in the Note),
and the remainder pursuant to the terms described in the Note, the Purchaser agrees to subscribe for and purchase from the Company on
the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), and the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Purchaser, the Note. The OID shall be earned
upon each Tranche on a pro-rata basis. (For example: upon the advance of the first Tranche, fifty thousand Dollars 50,000) shall be
added to the principal amount of the outstanding Note in addition to the amount advanced, and the total amount owed, or the total principal
amount, shall be one hundred twenty thousand Dollars 100,000)). 

1.2 
 Form of Payment . At the Closing (as hereinafter defined), the Purchaser shall pay the Consideration as set forth
in section 1.1 above. 

1 

2. Closing and Delivery 

2.1 
 Closing Date . Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section
6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be 4:00 PM, Eastern Time on the date first written above, or such other mutually agreed upon time. 

2.2 
 Closing . The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall
occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

2.3 
 Delivery . At the Closing, or as promptly as commercially reasonable thereafter, in addition to the delivery by
the Purchaser of the Consideration and the delivery by the Company to the Purchaser of the Note, Company shall issue and deliver
to the Purchaser the Warrant. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company 

Except as set forth in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedule delivered to the Purchaser concurrently herewith and attached hereto as Schedule I 
(the Disclosure Schedule or as disclosed in the Disclosure Materials (as defined below), the Company, its Subsidiaries,
Officers, Directors, and Affiliates, hereby makes the following representations and warranties as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date to the Purchaser: 

3.1 
 Organization, Good Standing and Qualification . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) is
a corporation or limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power to own and operate its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is
duly qualified and is authorized to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in all jurisdictions in which the nature
of its activities and of its properties (both owned and leased) makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in (i) a material adverse effect
on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Subscription Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
assets, business or financial condition of Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) adversely impair the Company s
ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Subscription Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii),
a Material Adverse Effect ). 

3.2 
 Corporate Power . The Company has all requisite corporate power to execute and deliver this Agreement, to issue
the Note, the Warrant, and to enter into the security and pledge agreement of even date herewith (the Security and Pledge Agreement in the form of Exhibit C and the other instruments, documents and agreements being entered into at the Closing (each a Subscription
Document and collectively, the Subscription Documents and to carry out and perform its obligations under
the terms of the Subscription Documents. 

3.3 
 Subsidiaries and Affiliates . Section 3.3 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and correct description
of all of the Company s Subsidiaries and Affiliates and the capitalization (including options, warrants and other such equity),
pro forma as of the date hereof reflecting all pending acquisitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Subsidiary 
means, with respect to the Company, any corporation or other entity of which at least a majority of the outstanding shares of stock or
other ownership interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or persons
performing similar functions) of such corporation or entity (regardless of whether or not at the time, in the case of a corporation, stock
of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency)
is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Company or one or more of its Affiliates and the term Affiliate 
means, as to any person (the Subject Person ), any other person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
controls or is controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common control with, the Subject Person. For the purposes of this definition,
 control when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly
or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, through representation on such person s board of directors or
other management committee or group, by contract or otherwise. All references contained herein to the terms Subsidiary or Affiliate, shall
be applicable to all Subsidiaries and Affiliates whether they existed as of the date hereof or were created, acquired, or otherwise came
to be included in the foregoing terms subsequent to the date hereof. 

2 

3.4 
 Authorization . All corporate action on the part of the Company, its directors and its stockholders necessary
for the authorization of the Subscription Documents and the execution, delivery and performance of all obligations of the Company under
the Subscription Documents, including the issuance and delivery of the Note, and the reservation of the equity securities issuable upon
conversion of the Note and upon exercise of the Warrant (collectively, the Underlying Securities has been taken
or will be taken prior to the issuance of such Underlying Securities. The Subscription Documents, when executed and delivered by the Company,
shall constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to laws of general application
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, the relief of debtors and, with respect to rights to indemnity, subject to federal and state securities
laws. The Underlying Securities, when issued in compliance with the provisions of the Subscription Documents, will be, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and free of any liens, encumbrances, security interests or other adverse claim (a Lien and issued in compliance with all applicable federal and securities laws. 

3.5 
 Governmental Consents . Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other foreign, federal, state, local or other governmental
authority or other person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Subscription Documents, other
than (a) applicable Blue Sky filings, (b) such as have already been obtained or such exemptive filings as are required to be made under
applicable securities laws, (c) such other filings that have been made pursuant to applicable state securities laws and post-sale filings
pursuant to applicable state and federal securities laws which the Company undertakes to file within the applicable time periods. Subject
to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section 4 hereof, the Company has taken all action
necessary to exempt: (i) the issuance and sale of the Note and the Warrant, (ii) the issuance of the Underlying Securities upon due conversion
of the Note and due exercise of the Warrant, and (iii) the other transactions contemplated by the Subscription Documents from the provisions
of any preemptive rights, stockholder rights plan or other poison pill arrangement, any anti-takeover, business combination
or control share law or statute binding on the Company or to which the Company or any of its assets and properties may be subject and
any provision of the Company s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, or other organizational documentation, as the case may be, that
is or could reasonably be expected to become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby, including
without limitation, the issuance of the Note, the Warrant, and the Underlying Securities (collectively, the Securitie s and the ownership, disposition or voting of the Securities by the Purchaser or the exercise of any right granted to the Purchaser pursuant
to this Agreement or the other Subscription Documents. 

3.6 
 Compliance with Laws . Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any applicable statute, rule, regulation,
order or restriction of any domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or agency thereof in respect of the conduct of its business
or the ownership of its properties, which violation would materially and adversely affect the business, assets, liabilities, financial
condition or operations of Company and its Subsidiaries. 

3.7 
 Compliance with Other Instruments . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation or default of
any term of its organizational documents, or of any provision of any mortgage, indenture or contract to which it is a party and by which
it is bound or of any judgment, decree, order or writ, other than such violations that would not individually or in the aggregate have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Except as set forth in Section 3.7 of the Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance
of the Subscription Documents, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Documents will not result in
any such violation or be in conflict with, or constitute, with or without the passage of time and giving of notice, either a default under
any such provision, instrument, judgment, decree, order or writ or an event that results in the creation of any Lien upon any assets of
the Company or the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, its business or operations or any of its assets or properties. The sale of the Note,
the issuance of the Warrant and the subsequent issuance of the Underlying Securities are not and will not be subject to any preemptive
rights or rights of first refusal that have not been properly waived or complied with. 

3.8 
 Offering . Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 4
hereof, the offer, issue, and sale of Securities are and will be exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of
the Securities Act, and have been registered or qualified (or are exempt from registration and qualification) under the registration,
permit, or qualification requirements of all applicable state securities laws. No bad actor disqualifying event described
in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event is applicable to the Company or, to
the Company s knowledge, any person listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act, except for a Disqualification
Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii iv) or (d)(3), is applicable. 

3 

3.9 
 Capitalization . Company has authorized shares as set forth in Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule. All outstanding
shares of capital stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and have been issued in compliance with all
applicable securities laws. Except for the Warrant and the Underlying Securities or as otherwise listed in Section 3.9 of the Disclosure
Schedule, there are no outstanding options, warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any person any right
to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of common stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which Company or
any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of common stock, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable
into shares of common stock. There are no price based anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by
Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) and the issue and sale of the Securities will not obligate Company
to issue shares of common stock or other securities to any person (other than the Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder
of Company s securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under such securities. Except as set forth in
Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock of each Subsidiary free and clear
of any Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights. 

3.10 
 SEC Reports; Financial Statements . Except as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company
has filed all reports and registration statements required to be filed by it under (i) the Securities Act and the Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or (ii) under the
Alternative Reporting Standard as offered by OTC Markets Group, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as
the Company was required by law to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto, being collectively referred
to herein as the SEC Reports and, together with the Disclosure Schedule to this Agreement, the Disclosure
Materials ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except as indicated in Section
3.10 of the Disclosure Schedule, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission or OTC Markets as applicable, with respect thereto
as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved GAAP ), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments. 

3.11 
 Material Changes. Since the date of the latest financial statements, (i) there has been no event, occurrence
or development that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or that could result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has
not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company s financial statements
pursuant to GAAP or required to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting
or the identity of its auditors, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its
stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, and (v) the Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock-based plans or agreements. 

3.12 
 Litigation . Except as set forth in Section 3.12 of the Disclosure Schedule, there is no action, suit, inquiry,
notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory
authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action which: (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Subscription Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by governmental authority, or any litigation civil or otherwise, involving the Company or any current or former director
or officer of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

4 

3.13 
 Labor Relations . Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreements
or other agreements with labor organizations. Neither Company nor any Subsidiary has violated in any material respect any laws, regulations,
orders or contract terms, affecting the collective bargaining rights of employees, labor organizations or any laws, regulations or orders
affecting employment discrimination, equal opportunity employment, or employees health, safety, welfare, wages and hours. No material
labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company which could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.14 
 Regulatory Permits . Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued
by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where
the failure to possess such permits would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect Material
Permits ), and neither Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit. 

3.15 
 Title to Assets. Except as set forth in Section 3.15 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company and the Subsidiaries
have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them that is material to the business of Company and the Subsidiaries
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by Company and the Subsidiaries and Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under
lease by Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases of which Company and the Subsidiaries
are in compliance. 

3.16 
 Taxes. 

(a) 
 Except as otherwise itemized in Section 3.16 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company and its Subsidiaries have timely and properly
filed all tax returns required to be filed by them for all years and periods (and portions thereof) for which any such tax returns were
due, except where the failure to so file would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all such filed tax returns are accurate in all material
respects; the Company has timely paid all taxes due and payable (whether or not shown on filed tax returns), except where the failure
to so pay would not have a Material Adverse Effect; there are no pending assessments, asserted deficiencies or claims for additional
taxes that have not been paid; the reserves for taxes, if any, reflected in the financial statements are adequate, and there are no Liens
for taxes on any property or assets of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries (other than Liens for taxes not yet due and payable);
there have been no audits or examinations of any tax returns by any (a) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality,
district or other jurisdiction of any nature; (b) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government; or (c) governmental
or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental or administrative division, department, agency, commission,
instrumentality, official, organization, unit, body or entity) and any court or other tribunal (a Governmental Body ),
and the Company or its Subsidiaries have not received any notice that such audit or examination is pending or contemplated; no claim
has been made by any Governmental Body in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not file tax returns that
it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction; to the knowledge of the Company, no state of facts exists or has existed which
would constitute grounds for the assessment of any penalty or any further tax liability beyond that shown on the respective tax returns;
and there are no outstanding agreements or waivers extending the statutory period of limitation for the assessment or collection of any
tax. 

(b) 
 Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any tax-sharing agreement or similar arrangement with any
other Person. 

(c) 
 The Company has made all necessary disclosures required by Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4. The Company has not been
a participant in a reportable transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b). 

(d) 
 No payment or benefit paid or provided, or to be paid or provided, to current or former employees, directors or other service
providers of the Company will fail to be deductible for federal income tax purposes under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code ). 

5 

3.17 
 Patents and Trademarks. Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and other similar rights that are necessary or material
for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights ). Neither Company nor any Subsidiary
has received a written notice that the Intellectual Property Rights used by Company or any Subsidiary violates or infringes upon the rights
of any Person. All such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable. Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect
Company s and its Subsidiaries rights in their Intellectual Property Rights and confidential information (the Confidential
Information ). Each employee, consultant and contractor who has had access to Confidential Information which is necessary for
the conduct of Company s and each of its Subsidiaries respective businesses as currently conducted or as currently proposed
to be conducted has executed an agreement to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information and has executed appropriate
agreements that are substantially consistent with the Company s standard forms thereof. Except under confidentiality obligations,
there has been no material disclosure of any of Company s or its Subsidiaries Confidential Information to any third party. 

3.18 
 Environmental Matters. Neither Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any statute, rule, regulation, decision
or order of any Governmental Body relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection
or restoration of the environment or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental Laws ),
owns or operates any real property contaminated with any substance that is subject to any Environmental Laws, is liable for any off-site
disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, or is subject to any claim relating to any Environmental Laws, which violation,
contamination, liability or claim has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate;
and there is no pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened investigation that might lead to such a claim. 

3.19 
 Insurance. Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against
such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged.
Neither Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and
when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a
significant increase in cost. 

3.20 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed in the Company s audited financial statements
or the Disclosure Materials, none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees
of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers
and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for
rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or,
to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer,
director, trustee or partner, other than (a) for payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (b) reimbursement for expenses
incurred on behalf of the Company and (c) for other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of
Company. 

3.21 
 Brokers and Finders . Except as otherwise itemized in Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Schedule, no person will
have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon Company,
any Subsidiary or the Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
entered into by or on behalf of the Company. 

3.22 
 Questionable Payments . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge, any
of their respective current or former stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents or other persons acting on behalf of Company
or any Subsidiary, has on behalf of Company or any Subsidiary or in connection with their respective businesses: (a) used any corporate
funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (b) made any direct
or indirect unlawful payments to any governmental officials or employees from corporate funds; (c) established or maintained any unlawful
or unrecorded fund of corporate monies or other assets; (d) made any false or fictitious entries on the books and records of Company or
any Subsidiary; or (e) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment of any nature. 

6 

3.23 
 Solvency. The Company has not (a) made a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (b) filed any voluntary
petition in bankruptcy or suffered the filing of any involuntary petition by its creditors; (c) suffered the appointment of a receiver
to take possession of all, or substantially all, of its assets; (d) suffered the attachment or other judicial seizure of all, or substantially
all, of its assets; (e) admitted in writing its inability to pay its debts as they come due; or (f) made an offer of settlement, extension
or composition to its creditors generally. 

3.24 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company,
any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has, directly or indirectly: (a) used any funds,
or will use any proceeds from the sale of the Securities, for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
related to foreign or domestic political activity, (b) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees
or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (c) failed to disclose fully any contribution made
by Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or made by any person acting on their behalf of which the Company is aware) or any members of their
respective management which is in violation of any legal requirement, or (d) has violated in any material respect any provision of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder which was applicable to Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. 

3.25 
 Disclosures. Neither the Company nor any person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents
or counsel with any information that constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information, other than the terms of the transactions
contemplated hereby. The written materials delivered to the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Subscription
Documents do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

3.26 
 Transfer Agent. Company represents and warrants that it will not replace its transfer agents without Purchaser s
permission so long as the Note is outstanding. Company acknowledges that this is extremely material to the Note and the investment is
made based on the assumption that this will not happen. 

3.27 
 Shell Company Status . Set forth in Schedule 3.27 of the Disclosure Schedule is the Company s representation
as to its Shell Company status under Rule 144. 

3.28 
 The Company agrees and acknowledges that so long as any obligations of the Company under any of the Subscription Documents
shall exist, it shall be obligated to provide Notice to the Purchaser in the event of a material change to any representation or disclosure
in any of the Subscription Documents, including but not limited to, the disclosures on the Disclosure Schedule, and failure to provide
such notice shall be a breach of this Agreement and an Event of Default under Section 4.4 of the Note. 

4. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser 

4.1 
 Purchase for Own Account . The Purchaser represents that it is acquiring the Note for its own account. 

4.2 
 Information and Sophistication . Without lessening or obviating the representations and warranties of the Company
set forth in Section 3, the Purchaser hereby: (a) acknowledges that it has received all the information it has requested from the
Company and it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to acquire the Note, (b) represents that it has had an opportunity
to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of the Note and to obtain any
additional information necessary to verify the accuracy of the information given the Purchaser and (c) further represents that it has
such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of this investment . 

7 

4.3 
 Ability to Bear Economic Risk . The Purchaser acknowledges that investment in the Note involves a high degree
of risk, and represents that it is able, without materially impairing its financial condition, to hold the Note for an indefinite period
of time and to suffer a complete loss of its investment. 

4.4 
 Accredited Investor Status . The Purchaser is an accredited investor as such term is defined in
Rule 501 under the Act. 

4.5 
 Existence; Authorization . The Purchaser is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the state of its organization, having full power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its
business as conducted. The principal place of business of the Purchaser is as shown on the Accredited Investor Questionnaire. The Purchaser
has the requisite power and authority to deliver this Agreement, perform its obligations set forth herein, and consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The Purchaser has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and has obtained the necessary authorization to execute
and deliver this Agreement and to perform his, her or its obligations herein and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement, assuming the due execution and delivery hereof by the Company, is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable
against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms. 

4.6 
 No Regulatory Approval . The Purchaser understands that no state or federal authority has scrutinized this Agreement
or the Note offered pursuant hereto, has made any finding or determination relating to the fairness for investment in the Note, or has
recommended or endorsed the Note, and that the Note has not been registered or qualified under the Act or any state securities laws, in
reliance upon exemptions from registration thereunder. The Note may not, in whole or in part, be resold, transferred, assigned or otherwise
disposed of unless it is registered under the Act or an exemption from registration is available, and unless the proposed disposition
is in compliance with the restrictions on transferability under federal and state securities laws. 

4.7 
 Purchaser Received Independent Advice . The Purchaser confirms that the Purchaser has been advised to consult
with the Purchaser s independent attorney regarding legal matters concerning the Company and to consult with independent tax advisers
regarding the tax consequences of investing in the Company. The Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser understands that any anticipated
United States federal or state income tax benefits may not be available and, further, may be adversely affected through adoption of new
laws or regulations or amendments to existing laws or regulations. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Company is providing
no warranty or assurance regarding the ultimate availability of any tax benefits to the Purchaser by reason of the subscription. 

4.8 
 Legends . The Purchaser understands that until such time as the Note, Warrant, and, upon the conversion of the
Note and the exercise of the Warrant in accordance with its respective terms, the Underlying Securities, have been registered under the
Securities Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the Securities Act or Regulation S without any restriction as to the
number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend in substantially
the following form (and a stop- transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities): 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
OR EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES
MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE PURCHASER), IN A GENERALLY
ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A OR REGULATION S
UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN
OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

5. Further Agreements; Post-Closing Covenants 

5.1 
 Warrant. As consideration for entering into this Agreement, Company shall issue to the Purchaser a warrant to
purchase an amount of shares of the Company s common stock equal to twice the number of such shares that would be issued pursuant
to the full conversion of the Note at an exercise price equal to the closing price of Company s common stock on the date that the
first tranche is advanced under the Note, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. 

8 

5.2 
 Use of Proceeds . Company agrees to use the proceeds of the Consideration solely to pursue an uplisting of the
Company s stock. 

5.3 
 Intentionally Omitted. 

5.4 
 Form D; Blue Sky Laws . Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof to the Purchaser promptly after such filing. Company shall take such action as Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Purchaser at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under
applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Purchaser on or prior to the initial closing. 

5.5 
 Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner
whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted,
now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Purchaser in order to enforce
any right or remedy under the Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in the Note, it is expressly agreed
and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Note for payments which under New York law are in the nature of interest
shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting
the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which
under New York law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It
is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by New York law and applicable to the Note is increased or decreased by
statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will
be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable
law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Purchaser with
respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such
indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Purchaser s election. 

5.6 
 Registration Rights. 

(a) 
 Registration . Company will file a Registration Statement to register all of the Registrable Securities owned by the Holder
as soon as practicably possible but in any event, such Registration Statement shall be declared effective no later than 120 days from
the Issue Date. As used herein, Registrable Securities shall mean the shares to be issued pursuant to conversion of the Note, and the
shares underlying the Warrants. The failure by the Company to file a Registration Statement that is declared effective within 120 days
of the Issue Date is an Event of Default under of this Agreement and the Note. 

5.7 
 Legal Counsel Opinions . 

(a) 
 Upon the request of the Purchaser from to time to time, Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly supplying to Company s
transfer agent and the Purchaser a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel Opinion to the
effect that the resale of the Underlying Securities by the Purchaser or its affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt from the registration
requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the Underlying Securities
are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement). Should Company s legal counsel
fail for any reason to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, the Purchaser may (at Company s cost) secure another legal counsel to issue
the Legal Counsel Opinion, and Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. Company shall not impede the removal by
its stock transfer agent of the restricted legend from any common stock certificate upon receipt by the transfer agent of a Rule 144 Opinion
Letter. COMPANY HEREBY AGREES THAT IT MAY NEVER TAKE THE POSITION THAT IT IS A SHELL COMPANY IN CONNECTION WITH ITS OBLIGATIONS
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE. 

9 

5.8 
 Listing . Company will, so long as the Purchaser owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading
of its common stock on the OTC Pink or any equivalent exchange or electronic quotation system and will comply in all respects with Company s
reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, and such exchanges,
as applicable, as well as with the SEC. Company shall promptly provide to the Purchaser copies of any notices it receives from the OTCQB
and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems on which the common stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of
the common stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation systems. 

5.9 
 Information and Observer Rights . 

(a) 
 As long as the Purchaser owns at least five percent (5 of the Securities originally purchased hereunder, Company covenants to
timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by
Company pursuant to the Exchange Act. As long as the Purchaser owns at least five percent (5 of the Securities originally purchased
hereunder, if Company is not required to file reports pursuant to such laws, it will prepare and furnish to the Purchaser and simultaneously
make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the Purchaser to sell the Securities under
Rule 144. Company further covenants that it will take such further action as any holder of Securities may reasonably request, all to the
extent required from time to time to enable the Purchaser to sell the Securities without registration under the Securities Act within
the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144. If Company fails to remain current in its reporting obligations or to provide currently
publicly available information in accordance with Rule 144(c) and such failure extends for a period of more than fifteen Trading Days
(the date which such fifteen Trading Day-period is exceeded, being referred to as Event Date ), then in addition to
any other rights the Purchaser may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of
each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the information failure is cured, Company
shall pay to the Purchaser an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to one percent (1 of purchase
price paid for the Securities held by the Purchaser at the Event Date. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall
apply on a daily pro-rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an information failure (except in the case of the first
Event Date). 

(b) 
 As long as the Purchaser owns at least five percent (5 of the Securities, if the Purchaser notifies Company that it wishes to
attend meetings of Company s Board of Directors, Company shall invite a designated representative of the Purchaser to attend all
meetings of Company s Board of Directors in a nonvoting observer capacity and, in this respect, and subject to the Purchaser s
having informed Company that it wishes to attend, Company shall give such representative copies of all notices, minutes, consents, and
other materials that it provides to its directors at the same time and in the same manner as provided to such directors; provided ,
 however , that such representative shall agree to hold in confidence and trust and to act in a fiduciary manner with respect to
all information so provided; and provided further , that Company reserves the right to withhold any information and to exclude such
representative from any meeting or portion thereof if access to such information or attendance at such meeting could adversely affect
the attorney-client privilege between Company and its counsel or result in disclosure of trade secrets or a conflict of interest. 

5.10 
 Confidentiality. The Purchaser agrees that the it will keep confidential and will not disclose, divulge, or
use for any purpose (other than to monitor its investment in the Company) the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any confidential
information obtained from the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including notice of Company s intention to file
a registration statement), unless such confidential information (a) is known or becomes known to the public in general (other than as
a result of a breach of this Section 5.10 by the Purchaser), (b) is or has been independently developed or conceived by the Purchaser
without use of the Company s confidential information, or (c) is or has been made known or disclosed to the Purchaser by a third
party without a breach of any obligation of confidentiality such third party may have to the Company; provided, however, that the Purchaser
may disclose confidential information (i) to its attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other professionals to the extent necessary
to obtain their services in connection with monitoring its investment in the Company; (ii) to any prospective purchaser of any Securities
from the Purchaser, if such prospective purchaser agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section 5.10; (iii) to any existing or
prospective affiliate, partner, member, stockholder, or wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser in the ordinary course of business,
provided that the Purchaser informs such person that such information is confidential and directs such person to maintain the confidentiality
of such information; or (iv) as may otherwise be required by law, provided that the Purchaser notifies the Company within three (3) business
days of such disclosure and takes reasonable steps to minimize the extent of any such required disclosure. 

10 

5.11 
 Restrictions on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and so long as the Company has an
obligation under the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Purchaser s prior written consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material
assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) solicit any offers for, respond to any unsolicited offers for, or conduct any
negotiations with any other person or entity in respect of any variable rate debt transactions (i.e., transactions were the conversion
or exercise price of the security issued by the Company varies based on the market price of the common stock); (d) accept a Merchant-Cash-Advance
in which it sells future receivables at a discount or any other factoring transactions, or similar financing instruments or financing
transactions, whether a transaction similar to the one contemplated hereby or any other investment; or (e) Enter into any borrowing arrangement. 

5.12 
 Other Restrictions. Unless approved by the Purchaser, Company and each Subsidiary shall not enter
into an agreement or amend an existing agreement to effect any sale of securities involving, or convert any securities previously issued
under, a Variable Rate Transaction or a merchant cash advance transaction in which it sells future receivables at a discount, or a substantially
similar transaction. The term Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which Company or any Subsidiary (i)
issues or sells any convertible securities either (A) at a conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or
varies with the trading prices of, or quotations for, the shares of common stock at any time after the initial issuance of such convertible
securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial
issuance of such convertible securities or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the
business of Company or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, or the market for the common stock, other than pursuant to a customary weighted
average anti-dilution provisions, or (ii) enters into any agreement (including, without limitation, an equity line of credit 
or an at-the-market offering whereby Company or any Subsidiary may sell securities at a future determined price (other
than standard and customary preemptive or participation rights). The Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain
injunctive relief against Company and its Subsidiaries to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to
collect damages. 

5.13 
 Sale of Assets; Issuance of Equity or Debt . Should Company sell any material assets, or issue any equity, debt,
or other security, including the sale of any Subsidiary, the Purchaser shall have the right to be repaid on any outstanding amount owed
under the Note with up to 100 of the proceeds of any such sale or offering, provided however, that the Company shall not be required
to repay the outstanding Principal Amount from the proceeds of the aforementioned funding sources so long as those proceeds are used solely
for an arm s length acquisition. 

5.14 
 Participation Rights . For a period of twenty four (24) months from the date hereof, in the event Company or any
Subsidiary proposes to offer and sell its securities, whether in the form of debt, Equity Financing (defined below), or any other financing
transaction (each a Future Offering ), the Purchaser shall have the right, but not the obligation, to participate
in the purchase of the securities being offered up to an amount equal to thirty percent (30 of such Future Offering (the Participation
Right ). For the avoidance of doubt, an Equity Financing shall mean Company s or its Subsidiary s
sale of its common stock or any securities conferring the right to purchase Company s or Subsidiary s common stock or securities
convertible into, or exchangeable for (with or without additional consideration), shares of the Company s or Subsidiary s
common stock. In connection with each Participation Right, Company shall provide written notice
to the Purchaser of the terms and conditions of the Future Financing at least ten business days prior to the anticipated first closing
of such Future Financing (the FF Notice ). If the Purchaser shall elect to exercise its Participation Right, it shall
notify Company, in writing, of such election at least five business days prior to the anticipated closing date set forth in the FF Notice
(the Participation Notice ). In the event the Purchaser does not return a Participation Notice to Company within such
five-business day period, the Participation Right granted hereunder shall terminate and be of no further force and effect; provided, however,
that such Participation Right shall be reinstated if the anticipated closing referenced in the FF Notice does not occur prior to ten business
days following the anticipated first closing date specified in such FF notice. 

5.15 
 Intentionally Omitted. 

11 

5.16 
 Terms of Future Financings . So long as any obligations of the Company under the Subscription Documents are outstanding,
upon any issuance of (or announcement of intent to effect an issuance of) any security, or amendment to (or announcement of intent to
effect an amendment to) any security that was originally issued before the Issue Date, by the Company or any Subsidiary, with any term
that the Purchaser reasonably believes is more favorable to the holder of such security than, or with a term in favor of the holder of
such security that the Purchaser reasonably believes was not similarly provided, to the Purchaser in the Subscription Documents, then
(i) the Company shall notify the Purchaser of such additional or more favorable term within three (3) business days of the new issuance
and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at Purchaser s option, shall become a part of the
transaction documents with the Purchaser (regardless of whether the Company complied with the notification provision of this Section 5.16).
The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the purchaser of such security include, but are not limited
to, terms addressing conversion discounts, prepayment rate, conversion lookback periods, interest rates, original issue discounts, stock
sale price, private placement price per share, and warrant coverage. If Purchaser elects to have the term become a part of the transaction
documents with the Purchaser, then the Company shall immediately deliver acknowledgment of such adjustment in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Purchaser (the Acknowledgment within three (3) business days of Company s receipt of request
from Purchaser (the Adjustment Deadline ), provided that Company s failure to timely provide the Acknowledgement shall
not affect the automatic amendments contemplated hereby. 

5.17 
 Breach of Covenants . The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any covenants set forth
in this Section, in addition to any other remedies available to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event
of Default under Section 4.3 of the Note. 

5.18 
 Transfer Agent Instructions . Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to Company s transfer agent to
issue certificates, registered in the name of the Purchaser or its nominee, upon exercise of the Warrant, in such amounts as specified
from time to time by the Purchaser to Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ).
In the event that Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of
such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement
(including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of common stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note))
signed by the successor transfer agent to Company and Company. Prior to registration of the Underlying Securities under the Securities
Act or the date on which the Underlying Securities may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of Securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section
4.8 of this Agreement. Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in
this Section 5.18 will be given by Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the
books and records of Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent
not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form)
any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Purchaser upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required
by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or
hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on
any certificate for any Securities issued to the Purchaser upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by
the Note and this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within
one (1) business day of each conversion of the Note. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Purchaser s obligations
and agreement set forth in Section 5.6 hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of
the Securities. If the Purchaser provides Company, at the cost of Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without
registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Purchaser provides reasonable assurances that the Securities
can be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer
agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Purchaser.
Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Purchaser, by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Section 5.18 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by Company of the provisions of this
Section, that the Purchaser shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and
requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

12 

5.19 
 Further Assurances . The Purchaser agrees and covenants that at any time and from time to time it will execute
and deliver to the Company such further instruments and documents and take such further action as the Company may reasonably require within
three (3) business days of any such request in order to carry out the full intent and purpose of this Agreement and to comply with state
or federal securities laws or other regulatory approvals. 

6. Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell 

The obligation of the Company
hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Purchaser at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of
each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by
the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

(a) 
 The Purchaser shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

(b) 
 The Purchaser shall have delivered the Consideration in accordance with Section 1.2 above. 

(c) 
 The representations and warranties of the Purchaser shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made
and as of the Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date),
and the Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Purchaser at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(d) 
 No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7. Conditions to The Purchaser s Obligation to Purchase 

The obligation of the Purchaser
hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Purchaser s sole benefit and may be waived by the Purchaser at any time in
its sole discretion: 

(a) 
 The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Purchaser. 

(b) 
 The Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Purchaser shall request and
in accordance with Section 1.2 above. 

(c) 
 Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser the Warrant. 

(d) 
 Company shall have delivered executed Subscription Documents, or such other instruments as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(e) 
 Company shall have provided to Purchaser the necessary documents to enable Purchaser to perfect its first priority security in
the shares and other equity interests owned by Company, contemporaneously with the date of this Agreement. 

(f) 
 The Company has provided the Purchaser with a current schedule of liabilities. 

(g) 
 The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchaser, shall have been delivered to
and acknowledged in writing by Company s Transfer Agent. 

13 

(h) 
 The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and
as of Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(i) 
 No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(j) 
 No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but
not limited to a change in the Exchange Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its Exchange
Act reporting obligations. 

(k) 
 Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of Company and each
of its Subsidiaries in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction,
as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date; (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called
meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby; and (iii) lien searches for Company dated within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and again as of the Closing Date. 

8. Miscellaneous 

8.1 
 Binding Agreement . The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
the respective successors and assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any
third party any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this
Agreement. 

8.2 
 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably submits to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
with any transaction contemplated hereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof (certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any manner permitted by law. 

8.3 
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic
mail (including pdf or any electronic signature) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have
been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

8.4 
 Titles and Subtitles . The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not
to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

14 

8.5 
 Notices . All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given:
(a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during
normal business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business day, (c) five days after having been sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Company and to the
Purchaser at the addresses set forth on the signature page to this Agreement or at such other addresses as the Company or Purchaser may
designate by 10 days advance written notice to the other parties hereto. 

8.6 
 Modification; Waiver . No modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to departure therefrom
shall be effective only upon the written consent of the Company and the Purchaser. Any provision of the Note may be amended or waived
by the written consent of the Company and the Purchaser. 

8.7 
 Expenses . The Company and the Purchaser shall each bear its respective expenses and legal fees incurred with
respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein; provided, however, that the Purchaser may retain 7,500 of the Consideration
to cover its expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

8.8 
 Delays or Omissions . It is agreed that no delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to
the Purchaser, upon any breach or default of the Company under the Subscription Documents shall impair any such right, power or remedy,
nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or any acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or
default thereafter occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore
or thereafter occurring. It is further agreed that any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character by Purchaser of any
breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver by any Purchaser of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement must be in writing
and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in writing and that all remedies, either under this Agreement, or by
law or otherwise afforded to the Purchaser, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 

8.9 
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Exhibits hereto constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement
between the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and no party shall be liable or bound to any other party in any manner by any representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements except as specifically set forth herein. 

[ Signature page follows ] 

15 

In
Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Securities Purchase Agreement 
as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY 

PURCHASER: 

Cardiff Lexington CORPORATION 
 
 GHS
 INVESTMENTS LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Alex H. Cunningham 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Grober 
 
 Name: Alex H. Cunningham 
 
 Name: Mark Grober 
 
 Title: CEO 
 
 Title: Member 

Address: 
 401 Las Olas Boulevard 
 
 Address: 
 420 Jericho Turnpike, Suite 102 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida
 33301 

Jericho, NY 11753 

[Securities Purchase Agreement Signature
page] 

16 

SCHEDULE I 

 Disclosure Schedule 

Section 3.3 Subsidiaries and Affiliates 

SEC Filings 

Section 3.7 Compliance with Other Instruments 

SEC Filings 

Section 3.9 Capitalization 

SEC Filings 

Section 3.10 SEC Reports; Financial Statements 

SEC Filings 

Section 3.12 Litigation 

Red Rock Dissolution, SEC Filings 

Section 3.15 Title to Assets 

SEC Filings 

Section 3.16 Taxes 

N/A 

Section 3.21 Brokers and Finders 

Kraft Capital Management will receive
a 5 placement fee to be paid by Purchaser. 

Section 3.27 Shell Company Status (check
only one, and insert the relevant dates if applicable) 

The Company has never been a Shell Company as defined
in in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of Rule 144. 

1. 
 As of January 2001, the Company ceased to be a Shell Company as defined in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of Rule
 144; 

2. 
 As of January 2001, the Company became subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act. 

3. 
 On April 15, 2008, the Company filed current Form 10 information with the SEC reflecting
its status as an entity that is no longer an issuer described in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of Rule 144. 

Section 7(f) Schedule of Liabilities 

17 

Exhibit
A 

Form
of Convertible Promissory Note 

(See
Attached) 

18 

Exhibit
B 

Form
of Warrant 

(See
Attached) 

19 

Exhibit
C 

Form
of Security and Pledge Agreement 

(See
Attached) 

20 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 15
 cardiff_ex1010.htm
 SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

Exhibit 10.10 

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL
ISSUE DISCOUNT FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THE ISSUER WILL MAKE AVAILABLE TO ANY HOLDER OF THIS NOTE: (1) THE ISSUE PRICE
AND ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTE, (2) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ON THE NOTE, (3) THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE, AND (4) ANY
OTHER INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE MADE AVAILABLE BY U.S. TREASURY REGULATIONS UPON RECEIVING A WRITTEN REQUEST FOR SUCH INFORMATION AT
THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS: 401 EAST LAS OLAS BOULEVARD, FORT LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA 33301. 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE NOR SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER AND ACCEPTABLE BY THE COMPANY), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal Amount: 200,000 
 Issue Date: September 3, 2020 

Purchase Price: 150,000 

 Original Issue Discount: 50,000 

SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

For value received, CARDIFF
LEXINGTON CORPORATION , a Florida corporation, (referred to hereinafter as CDIX or the Borrower ),
hereby promises to pay to the order of GHS Investments, LLC , a Nevada limited liability company, or registered assigns (the Holder the principal sum of up to two hundred thousand Dollars 200,000) or so much as has been advanced in one or more tranches (the Principal
Amount ), together with interest on the Principal Amount, on the dates set forth below or upon acceleration or otherwise, as
set forth herein (or as may be amended, extended, renewed and refinanced, collectively, this Note ). The Interest
Rate shall reset daily and accrue at a rate equal to ten percent (10 per annum. In no event shall the Interest Rate exceed
the maximum rate allowed by law; any interest payment which would for any reason be unlawful under applicable law shall be applied to
principal. 

The consideration to the Borrower
for this Note is one hundred fifty thousand Dollars 150,000) (the Consideration to be paid in one or more tranches
(each, a Tranche ). The first Tranche shall consist of a payment by Holder to Borrower on the Issue Date of no less
than fifty thousand Dollars 50,000). The remainder of the Tranches shall be distributed pursuant to the schedule attached hereto as
Exhibit C. 

The maturity date Maturity
Date for all advances made hereunder shall be the earlier of (i) nine months from the Issue Date and (ii) a registered public
offering of the Borrower s stock. The principal sum, as well as interest and other fees shall be due and payable in accordance with
the payment terms set forth in Article I herein. Subject to Section 5.8 below, this Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except
as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. 

Any amount of principal, interest,
other amounts due hereunder or penalties on this Note, which is not paid by the due date as specified herein, shall bear interest at the
lesser of the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum or the maximum legal amount permitted by law, from the due date thereof until the
same is paid Default Interest ). 

1 

Except as provided for in
Section 1.2.1 below, all payments of principal and interest due hereunder (to the extent not converted into Borrower s common stock
(the Common Stock shall be paid by automatic debit, wire transfer, check or in coin or currency which, at the time
or times of payment, is the legal tender for public and private debts in the United States of America and shall be made at such place
as Holder or the legal holder or holders of the Note may from time to time appoint in a payment invoice or otherwise in writing, and in
the absence of such appointment, then at the offices of Holder at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written
notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Unless otherwise agreed or required by applicable law, payments will be applied
first to any accrued unpaid interest, then to any late charges, and then to principal. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the
terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a
business day and, in the case of any interest payment date which is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, interest shall continue
to accrue during such extension. As used in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday,
Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain
closed. 

This Note carries
an original issue discount of fifty thousand Dollars 50,000) (the OID ), to cover the Holder s accounting
fees, due diligence fees, monitoring, and/or other transactional costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note,
which is included in the principal balance of this Note. Thus, the purchase price of this Note shall be 150,000, computed as follows:
the Principal Amount minus the OID. The OID shall be earned upon each Tranche on a pro rata basis of their proportion of the total Consideration.
(For example: upon the advance of the first Tranche, fifty thousand Dollars 50,000) shall be added to the principal amount of the outstanding
Note in addition to the amount advanced, and the total amount owed, or the total principal amount, shall be one hundred thousand Dollars 100,000)). 

It is further acknowledged
and agreed that the Principal Amount owed by Borrower under this Note shall be increased by the amount of all reasonable expenses incurred
by the Holder in connection with the collection of amounts due, or enforcement of any terms pursuant to, this Note. All such expenses
shall be deemed added to the Principal Amount hereunder to the extent such expenses are paid or incurred by the Holder. 

This Note shall be a senior
secured obligation of the Borrower, with first priority over all current and future Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Borrower and
any subsidiaries, whether such subsidiaries exist on the Issue Date or are created or acquired thereafter (each a Subsidiary 
and collectively, the Subsidiaries ). The obligations of the Borrower under this Note are secured pursuant to the
terms of the security and pledge agreement (the Security and Pledge Agreement of even date herewith by and between
the Borrower and the Holder, terms of which are incorporated by reference and made part of this Note. With respect to any Subsidiary created
or acquired subsequent to the Issue Date, Borrower agrees to cause such Subsidiary to execute any documents or agreements that would bind
the Subsidiary to the terms herein and in the Related Documents (defined below). 

This Note is issued by the
Borrower to the Holder pursuant to the terms of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement even date herewith (the Purchase
Agreement and collectively with the Security and Pledge Agreement, the Related Documents ), terms of which
are incorporated by reference and made part of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the
meaning ascribed thereto in the Purchase Agreement. As used herein, the term Trading Day means any day that the Common Shares
are listed for trading or quotation on the OTC, or any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems on which the Common Shares are
then traded (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). 

This Note is free from all
taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar
rights of shareholders or members, as applicable, of Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

The following additional terms shall also apply
to this Note: 

ARTICLE I. PAYMENTS 

1.1 
 Principal Payments . The Principal Amount of all advances made hereunder shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date. 

1.2 
 Interest Payments . Interest on this Note is due and payable on the Maturity Date, guaranteed to Holder for a minimum
of four months, and calculated on a monthly basis beginning on the Issue Date for all advances made pursuant to this Note. That is, the
amount of interest due on the Maturity Date (the Interest Payment is equal to the product of (i) the Principal Amount
of the Note; (ii) one twelfth (1/12th) of the Interest Rate; and (iii) the number of months from the Issue Date through the Maturity Date
(but not less than four). 

2 

1.3 
 Other Payment Obligations . All fees, penalties, and other charges, if any, due under this Note shall be payable pursuant
to the terms contained herein, but in any case, shall be payable no later than the Maturity Date. 

1.4 
 No Event of Default for Nonpayment . So long as there are no other occurrences of an Event of Default (as defined hereinafter),
including but not limited to, the obligation of Borrower to file a registration statement described in Section 3.13 below, failure to
pay Holder pursuant to this Article I shall not be considered an Evet of Default and shall not trigger penalties nor Default Interest. 

ARTICLE II. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

2.1 
 Conversion Right . The Holder shall have the right at any time after a public registration of the Borrower s stock
but in any case not later than six months from the Issue Date, at the Holder s option, to convert all or any part of the outstanding
and unpaid principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable Common Shares of Borrower
or other securities into which such Common Shares shall hereafter be changed or reclassified (each, a Conversion Share at the conversion price (the Conversion Price determined as provided herein (a Conversion );
 provided , however , that(i) upon the successful completion of an application by the Borrower for an uplisting of its common
stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market NASDAQ ), which shall be deemed completed when the Company s Common Stock commences
trading on the NASDAQ (an Uplisting ), the outstanding and upaid principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of this
Note shall be automatically converted into such Common Shares of the Borrower; and (ii) in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert
any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of Common Shares beneficially
owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than Common Shares which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted
portion of the Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein, and, if applicable, net of any shares that may be deemed to be owned by any
person not affiliated with the Holder who has purchased a portion of the Note from the Holder) and (2) the number of Common Shares issuable
upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in
beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding Common Shares. For purposes of the proviso
to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause
(1) of such proviso, provided , further , however , that the limitations on conversion may be waived (up to a maximum
of 9.99 by the Holder upon, at the election of the Holder, not less than 61 days prior notice to Borrower, and the provisions
of the conversion limitation shall continue to apply until such 61st day (or such later date, as determined by the Holder, as may be specified
in such notice of waiver). The number of Common Shares to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing
the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ), delivered to Borrower by the Holder in
accordance with Section 2.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting
in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion
Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of: (1)
the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid
interest; provided, however, that at the option of Holder, the accrued and unpaid interest can be converted prior to any other amounts
under the Note, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date; plus (3) at
the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2); plus 
(4) the Holder s expenses relating to a Conversion, including but not limited to amounts paid by Holder on the Borrower s
transfer agent account; plus (5) at the Holder s option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 2.3 and 2.4(g)
hereof. 

2.2 
 Conversion Price . 

(a) 
 Calculation of Conversion Price . The Conversion Price shall be the lower of (i) the closing price on the date that the first
Tranche is advanced and (ii) the closing price on the day immediately preceding the date of conversion, provided however, that upon an
automatic conversion in the event of an Uplisting pursuant to paragraph 2.1(i) above, the Conversion price shall be fixed at a 10 discount
to the Uplisting price. 

(b) 

(c) 
 Fixed Conversion Price Adjustments . 

(1) 
 Intentionally Omitted . 

3 

(2) 
 Common Share Distributions and Splits . If Borrower, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a distribution
on its Common Shares or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in Common Shares on its Common Shares; (ii) subdivides
outstanding Common Shares into a larger (or smaller) number of shares; or (iii) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of
Common Shares, any Common Shares of Borrower, then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding any treasury shares of Borrower) outstanding immediately before such event and of which
the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event. 

(3) 
 Fundamental Transaction . If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) Borrower effects any merger or consolidation
of Borrower with or into another person, (ii) Borrower effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one transaction or
a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by Borrower or another person) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (iv) Borrower
effects any reclassification of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ),
then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have
been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the same kind and amount
of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had
been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of 1 Common Share (the Alternate Consideration ).
For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Fixed Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of 1 Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction,
and Borrower shall apportion the Fixed Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. 

(4) 
 Anti-dilution Adjustment . If at any time while this Note is outstanding, Borrower sells, grants, or otherwise makes a disposition
of Common Shares, or sells, grants, or otherwise makes a disposition of other securities (or in the case of securities existing on the
Issue Date, amends such securities) convertible into, exercisable for, or that would otherwise entitle any person or entity the right
to acquire Common Shares, or announces its intention, or files any document with the SEC or other regulatory body that reflects its intention
to do of any of the foregoing, at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Fixed Conversion Price (such lower price, the
 Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (it being agreed
that if the holder of the Common Shares or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments,
reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which
are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive Common Shares at an effective price per share that is lower than the
Fixed Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive
Issuance, and the Base Conversion Price shall then be adjusted to equal the lowest of such issuance price), then the Fixed Conversion
Price shall be reduced to a price equal the Base Conversion Price as it may be adjusted as provided for above. Such adjustment shall be
made whenever such Common Shares or other securities are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this
Section 2.2(b)(4) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. For purposes of this Section 2.2(b)(4) an Exempt Issuance means
an issuance of Common Shares or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Shares (i) upon the exercise
or exchange of any securities issued hereunder under the Warrants and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible
into Common Shares issued and outstanding on the date of this Note, (ii) to employees or directors of, or consultants or advisors to,
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to a plan, agreement or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors of Borrower, (iii)
to banks, equipment lessors or other financial institutions, or to real property lessors, pursuant to a debt financing, equipment leasing
or real property leasing transaction approved by the Board of Directors of Borrower, (iv) to suppliers or third party service providers
in connection with the provision of goods or services pursuant to transactions approved by the Board of Directors of Borrower, (v) pursuant
to the acquisition of another corporation or other entity by Borrower by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or other
reorganization or pursuant to a joint venture agreement, provided that such issuances are approved by the Board of Directors of Borrower,
(vi) to third parties in connection with collaboration, technology license, development, marketing or other similar agreements or strategic
partnerships approved by the Board of Directors of Borrower, or (vii) shares with respect to which the Holder waives its anti-dilution
rights granted hereby; provided, however, that any such issuance described in (iii) through (vi) shall only be to a person (or to the
equity holders of a person) which is, itself or through its Subsidiaries, an employee, director, consultant or advisor, in the case of
(ii) above, or an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of Borrower in the case of (iii)
through (vi) above and shall provide to Borrower additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but in none of (ii) through
(vi) above shall not include a transaction in which Borrower is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to
an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or
closings, any adjustment pursuant to this Section 2.2(b)(4) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued upon distribution
of the initial tranche. 

4 

(5) 
 Notice to the Holder . Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 2.2(b), Borrower
shall within two (2) business days deliver to the Holder a notice setting forth the Fixed Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting
forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment, provided that Borrower s failure to timely provide the notice shall
not affect the automatic adjustments contemplated hereby. 

2.3 
 Authorized Shares . Borrower covenants that during the period the conversion right exists, Borrower will reserve from its
authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common
Shares upon the full conversion of this Note and exercise of the Warrants. Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved
three (3) times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the
Note in effect from time to time, which, if cannot be determined shall be estimated in good faith by Borrower) it being acknowledged and
agreed by the parties that for the initial issuance of the Note, 6,000,000 shares of Common Shares is sufficient and will be reserved
(the Reserved Amount ). The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with Borrower s
obligations hereunder. Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
In addition, if Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of Common
Shares into which the Note shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision
so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of Common Shares authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion
of the outstanding Note, including but not limited to authorizing additional shares or effectuating a reverse split. Borrower (i) acknowledges
that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent by letter, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B to issue certificates
for the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note and exercise of the Warrants, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note
shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing Common Share certificates to execute
and issue the necessary certificates for Common Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. If, at any time Borrower
does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note. 

2.4 
 Method of Conversion . 

(a) 
 Mechanics of Conversion . Subject to Section 2.1, this Note , in the event that the Note is not automatically converted in
the event of a successful uplisting, may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part, at any time from the date hereof, by (A) submitting
to Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date
prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 2.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of Borrower. 

(b) 
 Surrender of Note Upon Conversion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to Borrower unless the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted
and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and Borrower, so as not to require
physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of Borrower shall,
 prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid
and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

(c) 
 Payment of Taxes . Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved
in the issue and delivery of Common Shares or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the
Holder (or in street name), and Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless
and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder s
account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

5 

(d) 
 Delivery of Common Shares Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail
(or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section
2.4, Borrower shall issue and deliver to or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for Common
Shares issuable upon such conversion by the end of the next business day after such receipt (the Deadline (and,
solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(e) 
 Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Shares . Upon receipt by Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be
deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount
of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless Borrower defaults on its obligations
under this Article II, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right
to receive the Common Shares or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have
given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, Borrower s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Shares shall
be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with
respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay
in the enforcement of any other obligation of Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or
termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which
might otherwise limit such obligation of Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the
Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by Borrower before 9:00 p.m., New York,
New York time, on such date. 

(f) 
 Delivery of Common Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Shares
issuable upon conversion, provided Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated
Securities Transfer FAST program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in
Section 2.1 and in this Section 2.4, Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common
Shares issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal
Agent Commission DWAC system. 

(g) 
 Failure to Deliver Common Shares Prior to Deadline . Without in any way limiting the Holder s right to pursue other
remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if Borrower causes the Common Shares issuable upon
conversion of this Note to not be delivered by the second (2nd) Trading Day following the Deadline (other than a failure due to the circumstances
described in Section 2.3 above, which failure shall be governed by such Section) Borrower shall pay to the Holder 1,000 per day in cash,
for each day beyond the Deadline that Borrower fails to deliver such Common Shares. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth
day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to Borrower by the first
day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest
shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Shares
in accordance with the terms of this Note. Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder, and as such, Borrower
will not take any actions to hamper, delay or prevent any Holder conversion of the Note. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt
to frustrate, interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge
that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 2.4(g) are justified. 

6 

2.5 
 Concerning the Common Shares . The Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless
(i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) Borrower or its transfer agent shall have
been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable
transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration
or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) Rule 144 or (iv) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 2.5 and who is an Accredited Investor. Except as otherwise provided (and subject
to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered
under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so
included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption
that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER AND ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES. 

The legend set forth above shall be removed and
Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if (i) Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the
effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Shares may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted
by Borrower (which acceptance shall be subject to and conditioned on any requirements, if any, of the its transfer agent, the exchange
on which Borrower is then trading or other applicable laws, rules or regulations) so that the sale or transfer is effected or (ii) in
the case of the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective
registration statement filed under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold. In the event that Borrower does not accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S,
at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 4.2 of the Note; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing,
if Borrower is legally unable to accept such opinion as a result of any of Borrower s transfer agent requirements, the requirements
of the exchange on which Borrower is then traded, or other applicable laws, rules or regulations, Borrower s non-acceptance shall
be an Event of Default pursuant to Section 4.25. 

2.6 
 Status as Shareholder . Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the shares covered thereby (other than
the shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the Reserved Amount
or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into Common Shares and (ii) the Holder s rights as a Holder of such converted
portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such Common Shares and to any remedies
provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by Borrower to comply with the terms of
this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all Common Shares prior to the tenth (10th) business
day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder
otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Shares by so notifying Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder
of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted
Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been
converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive
Conversion Default Payments pursuant to Section 2.3 to the extent required thereby for such Conversion Default and any subsequent Conversion
Default and (ii) the right to have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent conversions determined in accordance with Section 2.3)
for Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 

7 

ARTICLE III. RANKING, CERTAIN COVENANTS AND POST
CLOSING OBLIGATIONS 

3.1 
 Warrants . Borrower shall issue to the Holder warrants (the Warrants exercisable for a number of Common
Shares of the Borrower equal to the two times number of Common Shares that would be issued pursuant to the full conversion of this Note.
The Warrants shall have a term of twenty four Months, an initial exercise price equal to the closing price of Borrower s common
stock on the date that the first tranche is advanced, shall provide for cashless exercise in the event that the warrant shares are note
eligible for sale pursuant to a registration statement of the Borrower, and shall contain full-ratchet anti-dilution protection provisions. 

3.2 
 Intentionally Omitted . 

3.3 
 Distributions on Common Shares . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not
without the Holder s written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether
in cash, property or other securities) on the Common Shares (or other capital securities of the Borrower) other than dividends on Common
Shares solely in the form of additional Common Shares or (b) directly or indirectly or through any Subsidiary make any other payment or
distribution in respect of Common Shares (or other securities representing its capital) except for distributions that comply with Section
3.7 below. 

3.4 
 Restrictions on Certain Transactions. Unless approved by the Holder, Borrower and each Subsidiary shall not enter
into an agreement or amend an existing agreement to effect any sale of securities involving, or convert any securities previously issued
under, a Variable Rate Transaction. The term Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which Borrower or any
Subsidiary (i) issues or sells any convertible securities either (A) at a conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is
based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of, or quotations for, the Common Shares at any time after the initial issuance of such
convertible securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after
the initial issuance of such convertible securities or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related
to the business of Borrower or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, or the market for the Common Shares ,
or (ii) enters into any agreement (including, without limitation, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering whereby Borrower or any Subsidiary may sell securities at a future determined price (other than standard and customary preemptive 
or participation rights). The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against Borrower and its Subsidiaries
to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. 

3.5 
 Restrictions on Other Certain Transactions . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note and unless
approved in writing by the Holder (which such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), the Borrower shall not directly or indirectly:
(a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary
other than in the ordinary course of business (c) accept Merchant-Cash-Advances in which it sells future receivables at a discount, any
other factoring transactions, or similar financing instruments or financing transactions; or (d) Enter into any borrowing arrangement. 

3.6 
 Restriction on Common Share Repurchases . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, Borrower shall
not without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or
other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any Common Shares (or other securities representing
its capital) of Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares; except for the repurchase of shares
at a nominal price in connection with rights under an agreement with an employee or consultant of the Borrower whose shares have been
forfeited as a result of such employee or consultant s ceasing to provide services to the Borrower. 

3.7 
 Payments from Future Funding Sources . The Borrower shall pay to the Holder on an accelerated basis, any outstanding Principal
Amount of the Note, along with all unpaid interest, and fees and penalties, if any, from the sources of capital below, at the Holder s
discretion, it being acknowledged and agreed by Holder that Borrower shall have the right to make Bona Fide payments to vendors with Common
Shares: 

8 

3.7.1 
 Future Financing Proceeds - one hundred percent (100 of the net cash proceeds of any future financings by Borrower or
any Subsidiary, whether debt or equity, or any other financing proceeds such as cash advances, royalties or earn-out payments provided,
however, that this provision is not applicable if the transaction generating the future financing proceeds has a specific use of proceeds
requirement that such proceeds are to be used exclusively to purchase the assets or equity of an unaffiliated business and the proceeds
are used accordingly. 

3.7.2 
 Other Future Receipts - all net proceeds from any sale of assets of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries other than sales
of inventory of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or receipt by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
of any tax credits. 

3.7.3 
 Asset Sale - The Borrower shall pay to the Holder on an accelerated basis, any outstanding Principal Amount of the Note,
along with unpaid interest, and fees and penalties, if any, from the net proceeds to the Borrower or Subsidiary resulting from the sale
of any assets outside of the ordinary course of business or securities in any Subsidiary. 

3.8 
 Use of Proceeds . Borrower agrees to use the proceeds to pursue an uplisting of the Borrower s stock. 

3.9 
 Ranking and Security . With the exception of any outstanding secured debt, the obligations of the Borrower under this Note
shall constitute a first priority security interest and rank senior with respect to any and all Indebtedness existing prior to or incurred
as of or following the initial Issue Date. The obligations of the Borrower under this Note are secured pursuant to the Security and Pledge
Agreement attached hereto. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly
through any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any Indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in priority
of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder. As used herein, the term Indebtedness means
(a) all indebtedness of the Borrower for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services, including any type
of letters of credit, but not including deferred purchase price obligations in place as of the Issue Date or obligations to trade creditors
incurred in the ordinary course of business, (b) all obligations of the Borrower evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar
instruments, (c) purchase money indebtedness hereafter incurred by the Borrower to finance the purchase of fixed or capital assets, including
all capital lease obligations of the Borrower which do not exceed the purchase price of the assets funded, (d) all guarantee obligations
of the Borrower in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (c) above that the Borrower would not be permitted
to incur or enter into, and (e) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above that the Borrower is not permitted
to incur or enter into that are secured and/or unsecured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent
or otherwise, to be secured and/or unsecured by) any lien or encumbrance on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by
the Borrower, whether or not the Borrower has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation. 

3.10 
 Right of Participation . For a period of twenty four (24) months from the date hereof, in the event Borrower or any Subsidiary
of the Borrower, proposes to offer and sell its securities, whether debt, equity, or any other financing transaction (each a Future
Offering ), the Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, to participate in the purchase of the securities being
offered in such Future Offering up to an amount equal to thirty percent (30 of such Future Offering. 

3.11 
 Intentionally Omitted . 

3.12 
 Terms of Future Financings . So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance of (or announcement of intent to effect
an issuance of) any security, or amendment to (or announcement of intent to effect an amendment to) any security that was originally issued
before the Issue Date, by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, with any term that the Holder reasonably believes is more favorable to the holder
of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that the Holder reasonably believes was not similarly provided
to the Holder in this Note, then (i) the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such additional or more favorable term within three (3) business
days of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at Holder s option, shall
become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder (regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provision
of this Section 3.12). The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include,
but are not limited to, terms addressing conversion discounts, prepayment rate, conversion lookback periods, interest rates, original
issue discounts, stock sale price, private placement price per share, and warrant coverage. If Holder elects to have the term become a
part of the transaction documents with the Holder, then the Borrower shall immediately deliver acknowledgment of such adjustment in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder (the Acknowledgment within three (3) business days of Borrower s
receipt of request from Holder (the Adjustment Deadline ), provided that Borrower s failure to timely provide the Acknowledgement
shall not affect the automatic amendments contemplated hereby. 

9 

3.13 
 Registration Rights . Borrower will file a Registration Statement to register all of the Registrable Securities owned by
the Holder as soon as practicably possible but in any event, such Registration Statement shall be declared effective no later than 120
days from the Issue Date. As used herein, Registrable Securities shall mean the shares to be issued pursuant to conversion of the Note,
and the shares underlying the Warrants. The failure by Borrower to file a Registration Statement that is declared effective within 120
days of the Issue Date shall be an Event of Default under Section 4.3 of this Note. 

3.14 
 Opinion Letter . Borrower shall be responsible for supplying an opinion letter specific to the fact that Common Stock issued
pursuant to conversion of the Note, as well as the Equity Interest and the shares issued pursuant to the Warrant are exempt from Registration
Requirements pursuant to Rule 144 (so long as the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied). Failure to provide an opinion letter shall
be a default pursuant to Section 4.2 of the Note. 

ARTICLE IV. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

It shall be considered an
event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article IV (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

4.1 
 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest . Subject to Section 1.4 above, The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when
due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise. A three (3) day cure period shall apply for failure to make a payment
when due except where payments are noted herein as being due immediately or for payments due on the Maturity Date of any Tranche which
in each case shall have no cure period. 

4.2 
 Failure to Reserve Shares . Borrower fails to reserve a sufficient amount of Common Shares as required under the terms of
this Note (including the requirements of Section 2.3 of this Note), fails to issue Common Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens
in writing that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance
with the terms of this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form)
Common Shares issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, Borrower directs
its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically
or in certificated form) Common Shares to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required
by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from
removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any Common Shares issued to the
Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement
or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph), or fails to supply an opinion letter specific
to the fact that Common Stock issued pursuant to conversion of the Note, as well as the Equity Interest and the shares issued pursuant
to the Warrant are exempt from Registration Requirements pursuant to Rule 144, and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written
announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the
Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion. It is an obligation of Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer
agent. It shall be an event of default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance
owed by Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to Borrower s transfer agent
in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by Borrower to the Holder within five (5) business days of a demand
from the Holder, either in cash or as an addition to the outstanding Principal Amount of the Note, and such choice of payment method is
at the discretion of Borrower. 

4.3 
 Breach of Covenants . Borrower, or the relevant related party, as the case may be, breaches any material covenant, post-closing
obligation or other material term or condition contained in this Note, or in the related Warrants, Purchase Agreement, Security and Pledge
Agreement, Term Sheet or any other collateral documents (together, the Transaction Documents and breach continues
for a period of ten (10) days. 

4.4 
 Breach of Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement,
statement or certificate given pursuant hereto or in connection herewith, shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made
and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) an effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note and
the other Transaction Documents. 

10 

4.5 
 Receiver or Trustee . Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply
for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver
or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

4.6 
 Judgments . Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower
or any of its property or other assets for more than 25,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty
(20) days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder. 

4.7 
 Bankruptcy . Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against Borrower or any subsidiary
of Borrower. With respect to any such proceedings that are involuntary, Borrower shall have a 45 day cure period in which to have such
involuntary proceedings dismissed. 

4.8 
 Delisting of Common Shares . If at any time on or after the date in which Borrower s Common Shares are listed or quoted
on the OTC Pink or an equivalent U.S. replacement exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
or the NYSE MKT, Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Shares, or if its shares have been suspended from
trading on the OTC Pink or a U.S. equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, or the NYSE MKT. 

4.9 
 Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act . Borrower shall fail to comply with the annual and periodic reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act (including but not limited to becoming delinquent in its filings), and/or Borrower shall cease to be subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 

4.10 
 Liquidation . Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

4.11 
 Cessation of Operations . Any cessation of operations by the Borrower or the Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable
to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

4.12 
 Maintenance of Assets . The failure by Borrower to maintain any intellectual property rights, personal, real property or
other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future), to the extent that such failure would result
in a material adverse condition or material adverse change in or affecting the business operations, properties or financial condition
of Borrower or any of its subsidiaries (a Material Adverse Effect ). 

4.13 
 Financial Statement Restatement . Borrower restates any financial statements for any date or period from two years prior
to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to
the unrestated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note. 

4.14 
 Failure to Execute Transaction Documents or Complete the Transaction . The failure of the Borrower to execute any of the
Transaction Documents or to complete the transaction for the full Principal Amount of the Note, as contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. 

4.15 
 Illegality . Any court of competent jurisdiction issues an order declaring this Note, any of the other Transaction Documents
or any provision hereunder or thereunder to be illegal, as long as such declaration was not the result of an act of negligence by the
Holder, exclusive of the execution of the Transaction Documents or the transactions and acts contemplated herein. 

11 

4.16 
 Cross-Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents,
a breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the other financial instrument, including
but not limited to all promissory notes, currently issued, or hereafter issued, by the Borrower, to the Holder or any other third party
(the Other Agreements ), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, that results in a Material
Adverse Effect shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note, in which event the Holder shall be entitled
to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. 

4.17 
 Variable Rate Transactions . The Borrower (i) enters into a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined herein) (ii) issues Common
Shares (or convertible securities or purchase rights) pursuant to an equity line of credit of the Borrower or otherwise in connection
with a Variable Rate Transaction (whether now existing or entered into in the future) or (iii) adjusts downward the floor price 
at which Common Shares (or convertible securities or purchase rights) may be issued under an equity line of credit or otherwise in connection
with a Variable Rate Transaction (whether now existing or entered into in the future). 

4.18 
 Certain Transactions . Borrower enters into certain transactions prohibited by Sections 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, and 3.7 of this
Agreement. 

4.19 
 Reverse Splits . The Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common Stock without twenty (20) days prior written notice
to the Holder. 

4.20 
 Replacement of Transfer Agent . In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails
to provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially
delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock
in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

4.21 
 DTC Chill . The DTC places a chill (i.e. a restriction placed by DTC on one or more of DTC s
services, such as limiting a DTC participant s ability to make a deposit or withdrawal of the security at DTC) on any of the Borrower s
securities. 

4.22 
 DWAC Eligibility . In addition to the Event of Default in Section 4.21, the Common Stock is otherwise not eligible for trading
through the DTC s Fast Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs. 

4.23 
 Bid Price . The Borrower shall lose the bid price for its Common Stock 0.0001 on the Ask with
zero market makers on the Bid per Level 2) and/or a market (including the OTC Pink, OTCQB or an equivalent replacement marketplace
or exchange). 

4.24 
 Inside Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose,
or any actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public
information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s filing
of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

4.25 
 Unavailability of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date which is six (6) months after the Issue Date, the Holder
is unable to (i) obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holder s
brokerage firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrower s transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion
of any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon deposit
such shares into the Holder s brokerage account. 

4.26 
 Intentionally Omitted . 

12 

4.27 
 Remedies Upon Default. 

(a) 
 Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article IV that is not cured within 5 business days (except for the
Events of Default described in Sections 4.4, 4.5, 4.8, 4.9, 4.10, 4.11, 4,13, 4.15, 4.17, 4.18, 4.19, 4.20, 4.24, 4.25 for which no cure
period shall apply, and except for the Events of Default that already provide for a cure period in their descriptions above for which
such cure periods shall apply without regard for the cure period provided in this Paragraph 4.27(a)), and in addition to and without limitation
of other remedies set forth herein in this Note, (i) interest shall accrue at the Default Interest rate; (ii) this Note shall become immediately
due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, and the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder, an amount (the Default Amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding (including Liquidating
Damages, defined below) plus accrued and unpaid interest through the date of the Event of Default, unaccrued interest through the remainder
of the Tranche Terms, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses of collection, and Default Interest
through the date of full repayment; and (iii) a liquidated damages charge equal to 25 of the outstanding Principal Amount Liquidating
Damages will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder, either in form of a cash payment or as an
addition to the Principal balance due under the Note. In addition, the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies
available at law or in equity, including, without limitation, those set forth in the Related Documents. 

(b) 
 Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Borrower shall incur a monthly monitoring fee Monitoring
Fee in the amount of five thousand Dollars 5,000.00) per month commencing in the month in which the Event of Default occurs
and continuing until the Event of Default is cured in order to cover the Holder s costs of monitoring and legal expenses and other
expenses incurred by Holder. 

ARTICLE V. MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1 
 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other
or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

5.2 
 Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall
be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, facsimile, or electronic mail addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have
specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed
effective (a) upon hand delivery, upon electronic mail delivery, or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the
transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours
where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during
normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express
courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses
for such communications shall be: 

If to the Borrower, to: 

Cardiff Lexington Corporation 

 401 Las Olas Boulevard 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 

 Attn: Alex H. Cunningham, CEO 

 Email: 

13 

If to the Holder: 

GHS Investments, LLC 

 420 Jericho Turnpike, Suite 102 

 Jericho, NY 11753 

 ATTN: GHS Investments, LLC 

5.3 
 Amendments . This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and
the Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument
as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

5.4 
 Assignability . This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit
of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in
Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act). 

5.5 
 Cost of Collection . If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,
including attorneys fees. Such amounts spent by Holder shall be added to the Principal Amount of the Note at the time of such expenditure. 

5.6 
 Governing
Law . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall
be brought only in the state and/or federal courts located in Delaware. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection
to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or
based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL
FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY .
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any
provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute
or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified
to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. 

5.6 
 Certain Amounts . Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding principal
amount (or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest,
the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult
to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty. 

5.7 
 Remedies . The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the
Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy
at law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by
the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or
in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach
of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required. 

5.8 
 Prepayment . This Note may not be prepaid without the consent of the Holder. 

14 

5.9 
 Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Borrower hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever
claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at
any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right
or remedy under this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided
that the total liability of the Borrower under this Note for payments which under New York law are in the nature of interest shall not
exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing,
in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under New York
law in the nature of interest that the Borrower may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that
if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by New York law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any
official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum
Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If
under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Borrower to the Holder with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded
to the Borrower, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 

5.10 
 Section 3(a)(10) Transactions . If at any time while this Note is outstanding, the Borrower enters into a transaction structured
in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act, then a liquidated
damages charge of 25 of the outstanding principal balance of this Note at that time, will be assessed and will become immediately due
and payable to the Holder, either in the form of cash payment or as an addition to the balance of the Note, as determined by mutual agreement
of the Borrower and Holder. 

5.11 
 No Broker-Dealer Acknowledgement . Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating otherwise,
so long as any obligation of Borrower under this Note or the other Transaction Documents is outstanding, the Company shall not state,
claim, allege, or in any way assert to any person, institution, or entity, that Holder is currently, or ever has been, a broker-dealer
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

5.12 
 Opportunity to Consult with Counsel . The Borrower represents and acknowledges that it has been provided with the opportunity
to discuss and review the terms of this Note and the other Transaction Documents with its counsel before signing it and that it is freely
and voluntarily signing the Transaction Documents in exchange for the benefits provided herein. In light of this, the Borrower will not
contest the validity of Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated therein. The Borrower further represents and acknowledges
that it has been provided a reasonable period of time within which to review the terms of the Transaction Documents. 

[signature page to follow] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused
this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this September 3 rd , 2020. 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Alex H. Cunningham 

 Name: Alex H. Cunningham 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

16 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

(See Attached) 

17 

EXHIBIT B FORM OF TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTION
LETTER 

(See Attached) 

18 

EXHIBIT C Schedule of Advances 

3-Sep-20 
 18-Sep-20 
 9-Oct-20 

Sources: 

Bridge loan 
 180,000 
 180,000 
 190,000 
 
 Acquisition funding 

Total 
 180,000 
 180.000 
 190,000 
 
 Uses: 

SEC Legal/Filings 
 7,000 
 7,000 
 7,000 
 
 Think Equity 
 35,000 
 45,000 
 32,500 
 
 Think Equity Legal fees 

Nasdaq Legal 
 12,500 
 
 12,500 
 
 Merger Legal 
 10,000 
 7,500 
 7,500 
 
 Nasdaq Filing 
 
 5,000 
 50,000 
 
 SI filing with SEC 
 25,000 
 25,000 
 25,000 
 
 Auditor 
 34,000 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 Road Show 
 
 12,500 

Cardiff Operations 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 
 Linx Legal acquisition 

Total 
 173.500 
 172,000 
 204.500 

Net Sources (Uses) 
 6.500 
 14.500 

19 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 16
 cardiff_ex1011.htm
 SECURITY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT, DATED SEPTEMBER 3, 2020

Exhibit 10.11 

SECURITY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITY AND PLEDGE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered into on September 3, 2020 by and between Cardiff
Lexington Corporation , a Florida corporation, the Debtor and GHS INVESTMENTS, LLC ,
a Nevada limited liability company, and its permitted endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively, the Secured Party ). 

RECITALS 

A. Concurrently
herewith, Debtor and the Secured Party have entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement and certain other agreements, pursuant to which the Debtor issued that certain senior secured convertible promissory note (the Note in the principal amount of up to two hundred thousand Dollars 200,000) to the Secured Party. 

B. The
Debtor now enters into this Agreement with the Secured Party as security for Debtor s Obligations (as defined below). 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of their respective promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Definitions . Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in Division 9 of the
Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the state of Nevada (the UCC (such as account , adverse
claim , chattel paper , deposit account , document , equipment , 
 fixtures , general intangibles , goods , instruments , 
 inventory , investment property , proceeds , and supporting obligations shall have the respective meanings given such terms in Division 9 of the UCC. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not defined
elsewhere herein or in the Securities Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings set forth below: 

Collateral 
 means all of the collateral identified on Exhibit A hereto. 

Debtor s
Books means and includes all of Debtor s books and records in any medium or form, including, but not limited to,
all records, ledgers and computer programs, disk or tape files, thumb drives, material stored in the cloud , printouts and
other information indicating, summarizing or evidencing the Collateral. 

Equity
Interests means, with respect to any person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such person of shares of capital stock
of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital
stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such
person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such person (including partnership,
member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests
are outstanding on any date of determination. 

Event of Default 
 has the meaning specified in Section 6 of this Agreement. 

Negotiable Collateral 
 means and includes all of Debtor s presently existing and hereafter acquired or arising letters of credit, advices of credit,
promissory notes, drafts, instruments, documents, Equity Interests in any entity, leases of personal property and chattel paper, as well
as Debtor s Books relating to any of the foregoing. 

1 

Obligations 
 means and includes any and all present or future indebtedness or obligations of Debtor owing to the Secured Party under the Note and
the other Subscription Documents, including, without limitation, (i) any amendments to any of the foregoing and (ii) all interest and
other payments required thereunder that are not paid when due, and (iii) all of the Secured Party Expenses which Debtor is required to
pay or reimburse by this Agreement, by law, or otherwise. 

Permitted Liens 
 means (i) statutory liens of landlords and liens of carriers, warehousemen, bailees, mechanics, materialmen and other like liens imposed
by law, created in the ordinary course of business and securing amounts not yet due (or which are being contested in good faith, by appropriate
proceedings or other appropriate actions which are sufficient to prevent imminent foreclosure of such liens), and with respect to which
adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are being maintained by Debtor in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP , (ii) deposits made (and the liens thereon) in the ordinary course of business of Debtor (including, without
limitation, security deposits for leases, indemnity bonds, surety bonds and appeal bonds) in connection with workers compensation,
unemployment insurance and other types of social security benefits or to secure the performance of tenders, bids, contracts (other than
for the repayment or guarantee of borrowed money or purchase money obligations), statutory obligations and other similar obligations arising
as a result of progress payments under government contracts, (iii) liens for taxes not yet due and payable or which are being contested
in good faith and with respect to which adequate reserves are being maintained by Debtor in accordance with GAAP, (iv) purchase money
liens relating to the acquisition of equipment, machinery or other goods of Debtor approved in writing by the Secured Party (which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (v) liens in favor of the Secured Party under the Subscription Documents. 

Pledged
Equity means, with respect to Debtor, 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of any subsidiary that is directly
owned, or will be owned, by Debtor, in each case together with the certificates (or other agreements or instruments), if any, representing
such shares, and all options and other rights, contractual or otherwise, with respect thereto, including, but not limited to, the following: 

(1) all Equity Interests representing
a dividend thereon, or representing a distribution or return of capital upon or in respect thereof, or resulting from a stock split, revision,
reclassification or other exchange therefor, and any subscriptions, warrants, rights or options issued to the holder thereof, or otherwise
in respect thereof; and 

(2) in the event
of any consolidation or merger involving the issuer thereof and in which such issuer is not the surviving person, all shares of each
class of the Equity Interests of the successor person formed by or resulting from such consolidation or merger, to the extent that such
successor person is a direct subsidiary of an Debtor. 

The term Pledged Equity 
specifically includes, but is not limited to, all rights of Debtor embodied in or arising out of the Debtor s status as a shareholder
or member, consisting of: (a) all economic rights, including without limitation, all rights to share in the profits and losses and all
rights to receive distributions of the assets; and (b) all governance rights, including without limitation, all rights to vote, consent
to action and otherwise participate in the management. 

Secured Party
Expenses means and includes (i) all costs or expenses required to be paid by Debtor under this Agreement that are instead
paid or advanced by the Secured Party, including without limitation, all taxes, insurance, satisfaction of liens, securities interests,
encumbrances or other claims at any time levied or placed on the Collateral, (ii) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred to correct
any default or enforce any provision of this Agreement, or in gaining possession of, maintaining, disabling, handling, preserving, storing,
shipping, selling, preparing for sale or advertising to sell all or any part of the Collateral, irrespective of whether a sale is consummated,
and (iii) all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) incurred by the Secured Party in enforcing or
defending this Agreement, irrespective of whether suit is brought. 

1. 
 Construction . Unless the context of this Agreement clearly requires otherwise, references to the plural include
the singular and vice versa, to the part include the whole, including is not limiting, and or has the inclusive
meaning represented by the phrase and/or. The words hereof, herein, hereby, hereunder, 
and similar terms in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Section
references are to this Agreement, unless otherwise specified. 

2 

2. 
 Creation of Security Interest . In order to secure Debtor s timely payment of the Obligations and timely
performance of each and all of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement and any other document, instrument or agreement executed
by Debtor or delivered by Debtor to the Secured Party in connection with the Obligations, Debtor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably
grant, pledge and hypothecate to the Secured Party a continuing security interest in and to, a lien upon, assignment of, and right of
set-off against, all presently existing and hereafter acquired or arising Collateral. Such security interest shall attach to all Collateral
without further act on the part of the Secured Party or Debtor. 

3. 
 Filings; Further Assurances . 

(a) 
 General . The Secured Party is authorized to file a UCC-1 Financing Statement (or its equivalent) with the Secretary
of State of the State of Nevada and in any other jurisdictions where the Secured Party chooses to file, with respect to the Debtor. Debtor
also authorize the filing by the Secured Party of such other UCC financing statements, continuation financing statements, fixture filings,
filing appropriate notices in federal registries including the United States Patent and Trademark Office, security agreements, mortgages,
deeds of trust, chattel mortgages, assignments, assignments of rents, motor vehicle lien acknowledgments and other documents as the Secured
Party may reasonably require in order to perfect, maintain, protect or enforce its security interest in the Collateral or any portion
thereof and in order to fully consummate all of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, if so requested
by the Secured Party at any time hereafter, Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Secured Party such fixture filings, agreements,
security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, chattel mortgages, assignments, motor vehicle lien acknowledgments and other documents
as the Secured Party may reasonably require from such Debtor in order to perfect, maintain, protect or enforce its rights under this Agreement.
Debtor shall promptly deliver to the Secured Party all certificates and instruments constituting the Pledged Equity in suitable form for
transfer by delivery and accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank. Debtor hereby irrevocably makes,
constitutes and appoints the Secured Party as such Debtor s true and lawful attorney with power, upon Debtor s failure or
refusal to promptly comply with its obligations in this Section 4(a), to sign the name of Debtor on any of the above-described documents
or on any other similar documents which need to be executed, recorded or filed in order to perfect, maintain, protect or enforce the Secured
Party s security interest in the Collateral. Debtor further agrees to enter into such control agreements with the Secured Party
and such third parties as may be necessary to obtain a security interest in the Collateral, including deposit accounts and Pledged Equity,
and agrees to use best efforts to obtain the assent of the third parties to said agreements. 

(b) 
 Mortgage . Debtor hereby authorizes Secured Party to obtain a mortgage on any and all of its real estate. Debtor covenants
and agrees that it will execute any documents, provide any information and take such other action as is requested by Secured Party to
effectuate such mortgage. 

(c) 
 Additional Matters . Without limiting the generality of Section 4(a), Debtor will at the reasonable written request
of the Secured Party, appear in and defend any action or proceeding which is reasonably expected to have a material and adverse effect
with respect to such Debtor s title to, or the security interest of the Secured Party in, the Collateral. 

4. 
 Representations, Warranties and Agreements . Debtor represents, warrants and agrees as follows: 

(a) 
 No Other Encumbrances . Debtor has good and marketable title to its Collateral, free and clear of any liens, claims,
encumbrances and rights of any kind, except the Liens scheduled pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, as disclosed in SEC filings
or as otherwise approved in writing by the Secured Party, and has the right to pledge, sell, assign or transfer the same. There exists
no adverse claim with respect to the Pledged Equity. 

(b) 
 Authorization of Pledged Equity . All Pledged Equity is duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and, to
the extent applicable, nonassessable and is not subject to the preemptive rights of any person. 

3 

(c) 
 Security Interest/Priority . This Agreement creates a valid security interest in favor of the Secured party in the
Collateral of Debtor and, when properly perfected by filing shall constitute a valid and perfected security interest in such Collateral
(including all uncertificated Pledged Equity consisting of partnership or limited liability company interests that do not constitute securities),
to the extent such security interest can be perfected by filing under the UCC, free and clear of all liens except for liens permitted
by the Securities Purchase Agreement. The taking possession by the Secured Party of the certificated securities (if any) evidencing the
Pledged Equity and all other Instruments constituting Collateral will perfect and establish the priority of the Secured Party s
security interest in all the Pledged Equity evidenced by such certificated securities and such instruments. With respect to any Collateral
consisting of a deposit account, investment property, securities entitlement or held in a securities account, upon execution and delivery
by the Debtor, the applicable depository bank or securities intermediary and the Secured Party of an agreement granting control to the
Secured Party over such Collateral, the Secured Party shall have a valid and perfected security interest in such Collateral. 

(d) 
 Consents; Etc. There are no restrictions in any organizational document governing any Pledged Equity or any other
document related thereto which would limit or restrict (i) the grant of a security interest pursuant to this Agreement on such Pledged
Equity, (ii) the perfection of such security interest or (iii) the exercise of remedies in respect of such perfected security interest
in the Pledged Equity as contemplated by this Agreement. Except for (i) the filing or recording of UCC financing statements, (ii) the
filing of appropriate notices with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office, other applicable
federal registries and local registries regarding assignments of rents and fixture filings, (iii) obtaining control to perfect the
security interests created by this Agreement (to the extent required under Section 4 hereof), (iv) such actions as may be required
by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities, and (v) consents, authorizations, filings or other actions which have been obtained
or made, no consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act by or in respect of, any arbitrator or governmental authority and no
consent of any other person (including, without limitation, any stockholder, member or creditor of Debtor), is required for (A) the
grant by Debtor of the security interest in the Collateral granted hereby or for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement
by Debtor, (B) the perfection of such security interest (to the extent such security interest can be perfected by filing under the
UCC, the granting of control (to the extent required by Section 4(a) hereof) or by filing an appropriate notice with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office or other applicable registry) or (C) the exercise by the Secured
party of the rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement. 

(e) 
 Location of Place of Business . All places of business of Debtor, including the identification of the principal place
of business of Debtor, and the address(es) at which the Collateral is (are) located at, is indicated on Schedule 5(e) hereto. Debtor shall
not, without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Secured Party, relocate such principal place of business or the Collateral,
with no relocation being permitted outside the United States in any event. 

(f) 
 Right to Inspect the Collateral . The Secured Party shall have the right, during usual business hours of the applicable
Debtor and upon reasonable advance notice, to inspect and examine the Collateral. Debtor agrees that any reasonable expenses incurred
by the Secured Party in connection with this Section 5(f) during the continuance of an Event of Default shall constitute Secured Party
Expenses. 

(g) 
 Negative Covenants . Except for sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business, Debtor shall not (i) sell, lease
or otherwise dispose of, relocate or transfer, any of the Collateral, except dispositions of Collateral that is worn out, obsolete or
no longer necessary in the business of Debtor, (ii) allow any liens on or grant security interests in the Collateral except the Permitted
Liens or (iii) change any of their names or add any new fictitious name without the written consent of the Secured Party. 

(h) 
 Further Information . Debtor shall promptly supply the Secured Party with such information concerning Debtor s
business as the Secured Party may reasonably request from time-to-time hereafter, and shall within five (5) business days of obtaining
knowledge thereof, notify the Secured Party of any event which constitutes an Event of Default. 

(i) 
 Solvency . Debtor is now and shall be at all times hereafter able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they
mature. 

4 

(j) 
 Secured Party Expenses . Debtor shall, within fifteen (15) business days of written demand from the Secured Party
accompanied by adequate documentation of such expenses, reimburse the Secured Party for all sums expended by it which constitute Secured
Party Expenses and, in the event that Debtor does not pay any Secured Party Expenses payable to a third party within fifteen (15) business
days after notice thereof, then the Secured Party may immediately and without further notice pay such Secured Party Expenses on Debtor s
behalf. All such expenses shall become a part of the Obligations and, at the Secured Party s option, will (i) be payable on demand
or (ii) be added to the balance of the Note and be payable proportionately with any installment payments that become due during the remaining
term of the Note or, (iii) at Secured Party s option, may be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the maturity
of the Note. This Agreement shall also secure payment of those amounts. 

(k) 
 Commercial Tort Claims . Debtor have no pending commercial tort claim (as a plaintiff) against any individual or
entity (a Commercial Claim ). Debtor shall promptly deliver to the Secured Party notice of any Commercial Claim that a Debtor
may bring against any individual or entity, together with such information with respect thereto as the Secured Party may reasonably request.
Within ten (10) days after a written request by the Secured Party, Debtor shall grant the Secured Party a security interest in any pending
Commercial Claim to the extent such security interest is permitted by applicable law. 

(l) 
 Reliance by the Secured Party ; Representations Cumulative . Each representation, warranty and agreement contained
in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been relied on by the Secured Party regardless of any investigation made or information
possessed by the Secured Party. The representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein shall be cumulative and in addition to
any and all other representations, warranties and agreements set forth in the Subscription Documents or any other documents created after
the Closing Date and signed by Debtor. 

5. 
 Events of Default . The occurrence of any Event of Default under the Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement,
after the expiration of any applicable grace or cure period, shall constitute an Event of Default by Debtor under
this Agreement. 

6. 
 Rights and Remedies . 

(a) 
 Rights and Remedies of the Secured Party . 

(i) 
 Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without notice of election and without demand, the
Secured Party may cause any one or more of the following to occur, all of which are authorized by Debtor: 

(A) 
 The Secured Party may make such payments and do such acts as it reasonably considers necessary to protect its security interest
in the Collateral. Debtor agree to promptly assemble and make available the Collateral if the Secured Party so requires. Debtor authorize
the Secured Party to enter the premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of the Collateral, or any part thereof,
and pay, purchase, contest or compromise any encumbrance, claim, right or lien which, in the reasonable opinion of the Secured Party,
appears to be prior or superior to its security interest in violation of this Agreement, and to pay all reasonable expenses incurred in
connection therewith. 

(B) 
 The Secured Party shall be automatically deemed to be granted a license or other appropriate right to use, without charge
or representation or warranty, Debtor s labels, patents, copyrights, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks
and advertising matter, and any other property of a similar nature, as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising
for sale and selling any Collateral. 

(C) 
 The Secured Party may ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale and
sell (in the manner provided for herein) the Collateral. 

5 

(D) 
 The Secured Party may sell the Collateral at either a public or private sale, or both (which in the case of a private sale
of Pledged Equity, shall be to a restricted group of purchasers who will be obligated to agree, among other things, to acquire such securities
for their own accounts, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof), by way of one or more contracts or
transactions, for cash or on terms, in such manner and at such places (including Debtor s premises) as is commercially reasonable
(it not being necessary that the Collateral be present at any such sale). In the case of a sale of Pledged Equity, the Secured party shall
have no obligation to delay sale of any such securities for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer of such securities to register
such securities for public sale under the Securities Act of 1933. Debtor further acknowledges and agrees that any offer to sell any Pledged
Equity which has been (i) publicly advertised on a bona fide basis in a newspaper or other publication of general circulation in
the financial community of New York, New York (to the extent that such offer may be advertised without prior registration under the Securities
Act of 1933), or (ii) made privately in the manner described above shall be deemed to involve a public sale under the
UCC, notwithstanding that such sale may not constitute a public offering under the Securities Act of 1933, and the Secured
Party may, in such event, bid for the purchase of such securities 

(E) 
 The Secured Party shall be entitled to give notice of the disposition of the Collateral as follows: (1) the Secured Party
shall give Debtor a notice in writing of the time and place of public sale, or, if the sale is a private sale or some other disposition
other than a public sale is to be made of the Collateral, the time on or after which the private sale or other disposition is to be made,
(2) the notice shall be personally delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to Debtor at least ten (10) days before the date fixed for the
sale, or at least ten (10) days before the date on or after which the private sale or other disposition is to be made, unless the Collateral
is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value in which case the Secured Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide
such notice to Debtor as far in advance of such disposition as is practicable. 

(F) 
 The Secured Party may purchase all or any portion of the Collateral at any public sale by credit bid or other appropriate
payment therefor. 

(G) 
 To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Secured Party shall have the following rights and remedies regarding the
appointment of a receiver: (1) the Secured Party may have a receiver appointed as a matter of right, (2) the receiver may be an employee
of the Secured Party and may serve without bond, and (3) all fees of the receiver and his or her attorney shall be Secured Party Expenses
and become part of the Obligations and shall be payable on demand, with interest at the Rate specified in the Note from the date of expenditure
until repaid. 

(H) 
 To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Secured Party, either itself or through a receiver, may collect the payments,
rents, income, and revenues from the Collateral. The Secured Party may at any time, in its reasonable discretion, transfer any Collateral
into its own name or that of its nominee(s) and receive the payments, rents, income, and revenues therefrom and hold the same as security
for the Obligations or apply it to payment of the Obligations in such order of preference as the Secured Party may determine. Insofar
as the Collateral consists of accounts, general intangibles, loans receivable, insurance policies, instruments, chattel paper, choses
in action, or similar property, the Secured Party may demand, collect, issue receipts for, settle, compromise, adjust, sue for, foreclose,
or otherwise realize on the Collateral as the Secured Party may determine (in its reasonable discretion), whether or not the Obligations
are then due. For these purposes, the Secured Party may, on behalf of and in the name of Debtor, (1) receive, open and dispose of mail
addressed to Debtor, (2) change any address to which mail and payments are to be sent, and (3) endorse notes, checks, drafts, money orders,
documents of title, instruments and items pertaining to the payment, shipment, or storage of any Collateral. To facilitate collection,
the Secured Party may notify account debtors and Debtor on any Collateral to make payments directly to the Secured Party. 

6 

(ii) 
 The Secured Party may deduct from the proceeds of any sale of the Collateral all Secured Party Expenses incurred in connection
with the enforcement and exercise of any of the rights and remedies of the Secured Party provided for herein, irrespective of whether
suit is commenced. If such deduction does not occur (in the Secured Party s reasonable discretion), upon demand, Debtor shall pay
all of such Secured Party Expenses. Any deficiency which exists after disposition of the Collateral as provided herein will be paid immediately
by Debtor, and any excess that exists will be returned, without interest and subject to the rights of third parties, to Debtor by the
Secured Party; provided , however , that if any excess exists at a time when any of the Obligations remain outstanding, such
excess shall instead remain as part of the Collateral and continue to be subject to the security interest in Section 3(a) above until
such time as all of the Obligations have been fully satisfied or otherwise terminated. 

(iii) 
 Voting and payment Rights in Respect of the Pledged Equity . 

(A) 
 So long as no Event of Default shall exist, Debtor may (1) exercise any and all voting and other consensual rights pertaining
to the Pledged Equity of such Debtor or any part thereof for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or the Securities
Purchase Agreement and (2) receive and retain any and all dividends (other than stock dividends and other dividends constituting
Collateral which are addressed hereinabove), principal or interest paid in respect of the Pledged Equity to the extent they are allowed
under the Securities Purchase Agreement; and 

(B) 
 During the continuance of an Event of Default, (1) all rights of an Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which
it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to clause (A)(1) above shall cease and all such rights shall thereupon become vested
in the Secured Party which shall then have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights, (2) all rights of an Debtor
to receive the dividends, principal and interest payments which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain pursuant to clause
(A)(2) above shall cease and all such rights shall thereupon be vested in the Secured Party which shall then have the sole right to receive
and hold as Collateral such dividends, principal and interest payments, and (3) all dividends, principal and interest payments which are
received by a Debtor contrary to the provisions of clause (B)(2) above shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Secured Party,
shall be segregated from other property or funds of such Debtor, and shall be forthwith paid over to the Secured Party as Collateral in
the exact form received, to be held by the Secured Party as Collateral and as further collateral security for the Secured Obligations. 

(b) 
 Rights and Remedies Cumulative . The rights and remedies of the Secured Party under this Agreement and any other agreements
and documents delivered or executed in connection with the Obligations shall be cumulative. The Secured Party shall also have all other
rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as are provided under applicable law, or in equity. No exercise by the Secured Party of
any one right or remedy shall be deemed an election. 

7. 
 Additional Waivers . The Secured Party shall not in any way or manner be liable or responsible for (i) the
safekeeping of the Collateral, (ii) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising in any manner or fashion from any cause, (iii) any
diminution in the value thereof or (iv) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, forwarding agency or other person whomsoever,
except to the extent that such loss, damage, liability, cost or expense has resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
the Secured Party or its affiliates. If the Secured Party at any time has possession of any Collateral, whether before or after an Event
of Default, the Secured Party shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral if the
Secured Party takes such action for that purpose as Debtor shall request or as the Secured Party, in its reasonable discretion, shall
deem appropriate under the circumstances, but failure to honor any request by Debtor shall not of itself be deemed to be a failure to
exercise reasonable care. The Secured Party shall not be required to take any steps necessary to preserve any rights in the Collateral
against prior parties, nor to protect, preserve, or maintain any security interest given to secure the Obligations. 

8. 
 Notices . All notices or demands by any party relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing as provided
in the Note, and such notices shall be delivered to the addresses indicated therein. Each party shall provide written notice to the other
party of any change in address. 

9. 
 Choice of Law . The validity of this Agreement, its construction, interpretation and enforcement, and the rights
of the parties hereunder and concerning the Collateral, shall be determined under, governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws
of the state of Delaware as applied to contracts made and to be fully performed in such state, without regard to the conflicts of laws
provisions thereof, except to the extent that the validity, perfection or enforcement of a security interest hereunder in respect of any
Collateral is governed by the laws of the state of Delaware or some other state, in which case such laws shall govern. 

7 

10. 
 Waiver of Jury Trial . THE DEBTOR WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION
OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

11. 
 General Provisions . 

(a) 
 Effectiveness . This Agreement shall be binding and deemed effective against Debtor when executed by Debtor and the
Secured Party. 

(b) 
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted endorsees,
transferees and assigns of the Secured Party. Debtor shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, and any such
assignment shall be absolutely void. 

(c) 
 Section Headings . Section headings are for convenience only. 

(d) 
 Interpretation . No uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved against the Secured Party or Debtor,
whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning
of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of the parties. 

(e) 
 Severability of Provisions . Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this
Agreement for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision. 

(f) 
 Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement and the agreements and documents referenced herein contain the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter covered herein and supersede all prior agreements, negotiations and understandings,
written or oral, with respect to such subject matter. No provision of this Agreement shall be waived or amended other than by an instrument
in writing signed by Debtor and the Secured Party. 

(g) 
 Good Faith . The parties intend and agree that their respective rights, duties, powers, liabilities and obligations
shall be performed, carried out, discharged and exercised reasonably and in good faith. 

(h) 
 Waiver and Consent . No delay or omission on the part of the Secured Party in exercising any right shall operate as
a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by the Secured Party of a provision of this Agreement or any other agreement between
or among the parties shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of the Secured Party s right otherwise to demand strict compliance
with that provision or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by the Secured Party, nor any course of dealing between
the Secured Party and Debtor, shall constitute a waiver of any of the Secured Party s rights or of any of Debtor s obligations
as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of the Secured Party is required under this Agreement, the granting of such consent
by the Secured Party in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and
in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in the reasonable discretion of the Secured Party. 

(i) 
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered,
shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement. 

(j) 
 Termination . Upon full satisfaction or other termination of the Obligations (i) the Secured Party shall release and
return to Debtor all of the Collateral and any and all certificates and other documentation representing or relating to the Collateral
and (ii) the security interests provided for under this Agreement shall be terminated and of no further force and effect. At Debtor s
expense, the Secured Party shall take all actions reasonably requested by Debtor in connection with the foregoing. 

8 

(k) 
 Consent of Debtor as Issuers of Pledged Equity . Debtor/issuer of Pledged Equity party to this Agreement hereby acknowledges,
consents and agrees to the grant of the security interests in such Pledged Equity pursuant to this Agreement, together with all rights
accompanying such security interest as provided by this Agreement and applicable law, notwithstanding any anti-assignment provisions in
any operating agreement, limited partnership agreement or similar organizational or governance documents of such issuer. 

[ remainder of page intentionally left blank ] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized persons on the date first written above. 

The Debtor: 

Cardiff Lexington Corporation 

By /s/ Alex H. Cunningham 

Name: Alex H. Cunningham 

Title: CEO 

The Secured Party: 

GHS INVESTMENTS LLC 

By /s/ Mark
 Grober 

Name: Mark
 Grober 

Title: MEMBER 

10 

Schedule 5(e) 

Locations of Collateral/Addresses
of Debtor/Principal Place of Business of Debtor 

11 

EXHIBIT A 

COLLATERAL 

1. 
 All accounts, chattel paper, contracts, contract rights, accounts receivable, tax refunds, tax credits,
Notes receivable, Pledged Equity, documents, choses in action and general intangibles, including, but not limited to, proceeds of inventory
and returned goods and proceeds from the sale of goods and services, and all rights, liens, securities, guaranties, remedies and privileges
related thereto, including the right of stoppage in transit and rights and property of any kind forming the subject matter of any of the
foregoing; 

2. 
 All certificates of deposit and all time, savings, demand, or other deposit accounts in the name of
Debtor or in which Debtor has any right, title or interest, including but not limited to all sums now or at any time hereafter on deposit,
and any renewals, extensions or replacements of and all other property which may from time to time be acquired directly or indirectly
using the proceeds of any of the foregoing; 

3. 
 All inventory and equipment of every type or description wherever located, including, but not limited
to all raw materials, parts, containers, work in process, finished goods, goods in transit, wares, merchandise, furniture, fixtures, hardware,
machinery, tools, parts, supplies, automobiles, trucks, other intangible property of whatever kind and wherever located associated with
the Debtor's business, tools and goods returned for credit, repossessed, reclaimed or otherwise reacquired by Debtor; 

4. 
 All documents of title and other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed
in respect of, exchange or substitution for or addition to any of the foregoing including, but not limited to, any documents of title; 

5. 
 All know-how, information, labels, permits, patents, copyrights, goodwill, trademarks, trade names,
licenses and approvals held by Debtor, including all other intangible property of Debtor; 

6. 
 All assets of any type or description that may at any time be assigned or delivered to or come into
possession of Debtor for any purpose for the account of Debtor or as to which Debtor may have any right, title, interest or power, and
property in the possession or custody of or in transit to anyone for the account of Debtor, as well as all proceeds and products thereof
and accessions and annexations thereto; and 

7. 
 Debtor s tangible and intangible personal property assets, including, but not limited to, all of the following: (i) all accounts,
health-care-insurance receivables, cash and currency, chattel paper, deposit accounts, documents, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles,
instruments, intellectual property, inventory, investment property, Negotiable Collateral, loans receivable, motor vehicles, Pledged Equity,
goods, supporting obligations, Debtor s Books, and such other assets of Debtor as may hereafter arise or Debtor may hereafter acquire
or in which the Secured Party may from time-to-time obtain a security interest, and (ii) the proceeds of any of the foregoing, including,
but not limited to, proceeds of insurance covering the foregoing or any portion thereof; provided , however, that notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Collateral does not include any hazardous waste as that term is
defined under 42 U.S.C. section 6903(5), as such section may be from time to time amended, or under any regulations thereunder. 

8. 
 All proceeds (including but not limited to insurance proceeds) and products of and accessions and
annexations to any of the foregoing. 

12 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 17
 cardiff_ex1012.htm
 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE TO POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. ON APRIL 26, 2021

Exhibit 10.12 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal Amount: 153,500.00 
 Issue Date: April 26, 2021 
 
 Purchase Price: 153,500.00 

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED ,
 CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORP. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to the order
of POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. , a Virginia corporation, or registered assigns (the Holder the sum of 153,500.00
together with any interest as set forth herein, on April 26, 2022 (the Maturity Date ), and to pay interest on the unpaid
principal balance hereof at the rate of six percent (6 )(the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof (the Issue
Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. This Note
may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note
which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22 per annum from the due date thereof until the same
is paid Default Interest ). Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary herein, Default Interest shall not be accrued
for failure to pay principal and/or interest on the Maturity Date until the date which is one (1) year following the Maturity Date (during
such period only regular interest shall accure. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365 day year and the actual number of days
elapsed. Interest shall commence accruing on the Issue Date but shall not be payable until the Note becomes payable (whether at Maturity
Date or upon acceleration or by prepayment). All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, 0.001 par value
per share (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of
America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance
with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase
Agreement ). 

This Note is free
from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other
similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

The following terms shall apply to this Note: 

1 

ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1 Conversion
Right . The Holder shall have the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred
eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the
Default Amount (as defined in Article III), each in respect of the remaining outstanding amount of this Note to convert all or any part
of the outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists
on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be
changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the Conversion Price determined as provided herein (a Conversion );
 provided , however , that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that
portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion
of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of
the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership
by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately
preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso.
 The beneficial ownership limitations on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder . The number of
shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined
below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below;
provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to
result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date );
however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day.
The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this
Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal
amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest,
if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holder s option,
any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.4 hereof. 

1.2 Conversion
Price . The Conversion Price shall equal the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein)(subject to equitable adjustments for
stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities or the securities of
any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events).
The Variable Conversion Price shall mean 62 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount
rate of 38 ). Market Price means the average of the two (2) lowest Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common
Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date.
 Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets
electronic quotation system or applicable trading market (the OTC as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for
such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is
listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the
closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink sheets . If the Trading Price
cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value
as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes being converted for which the
calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. Trading Day 
shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal securities exchange or other
securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. 

2 

1.3 Authorized
Shares . The Borrower covenants that during the period the conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon
the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized
and reserved four times the number of shares that would be issuable upon full conversion of the Note (assuming that the 4.99 limitation
set forth in Section 1.1 is not in effect)(based on the respective Conversion Price of the Note (as defined in Section 1.2) in effect
from time to time, initially 70,485,592)(the Reserved Amount ). The Reserved Amount shall be increased (or decreased with
the written consent of the Holder) from time to time in accordance with the Borrower s obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents
that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue
any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes
shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter
there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of
the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to
its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates
for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. 

If, at any time the
Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note. 

1.4 Method of Conversion . 

(a) 
 Mechanics of Conversion . As set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning
on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and
(ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to
time after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of
communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering
this Note at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder). 

(b) 
 Surrender of Note Upon Conversion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower,
so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. 

(c) 
 Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail
(or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section
1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely
in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and
the Purchase Agreement. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record
of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on
this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with
respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other
securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided
herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective
of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery
of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation
of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation
of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. 

3 

(d) 
 Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer FAST program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower
shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder
by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission DWAC system. 

(e) 
 Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline . Without in any way limiting the Holder s right to pursue other
remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder 500
per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee );
provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and
not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Common Stock.
Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of
the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added
to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such
additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees that
the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with
such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision
contained in this Section 1.4(e) are justified. 

1.5 Concerning the Shares . The shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel
(which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that
the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration (such as Rule 144 or
a successor rule) Rule 144 ); or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144)
of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited
Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). 

Any restrictive legend on certificates
representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder
a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel
from Holder s counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect
that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted
by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note,
such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act; or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to an exemption from registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such as Rule 144), at the Deadline,
it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

1.6 Effect of Certain Events . 

(a) 
 Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than
50 of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with
or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default
(as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition
to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 

4 

(b) 
 Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion
of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar
event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this
Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified
herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect
to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days
prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) 
 Adjustment
Due to Distribution . If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the
Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a
 Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 

1.7 Prepayment .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, at any time during the periods set forth on the table immediately following
this paragraph (the Prepayment Periods or as otherwise agreed to between the Borrower and the Holder, the Borrower shall
have the right, exercisable on not more than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note to prepay the outstanding
Note (principal and accrued interest), in full, in accordance with this Section 1.7. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional
Prepayment Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower
is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be not more than three (3) Trading Days from the
date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the date fixed for prepayment (the Optional Prepayment Date ), the Borrower shall
make payment of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to Holder, or upon the direction of the Holder as specified by the Holder
in a writing to the Borrower (which shall direction to be sent to Borrower by the Holder at least one (1) business day prior to the Optional
Prepayment Date). If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in
cash equal to the percentage Prepayment Percentage as set forth in the table immediately following this paragraph opposite
the applicable Prepayment Period, multiplied by the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued
and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any,
on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Section 1.4 hereof (the Optional
Prepayment Amount ). 

Prepayment Period 
 Prepayment Percentage 

1. The
period beginning on the Issue Date and ending on the date which is sixty (60) days following the Issue Date. 
 115 

2. The
period beginning on the date which is sixty-one (61) days from the Issue Date and ending ninety (90) days following the Issue Date. 
 120 

3. The period beginning on the date which is ninety-one (91) days from the Issue Date and ending one hundred twenty (120) days following the Issue Date. 
 125 
 
 4. The period beginning on the date which is one hundred twenty-one (121) days from the Issue Date and ending one hundred fifty (150) days following the Issue Date. 
 130 
 
 5. The period beginning on the date which is one hundred fifty-one (151) days from the Issue Date and ending one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date. 
 135 

5 

After the expiration
of the Prepayment Periods set forth above, the Borrower may submit an Optional Prepayment Notice to the Holder. Upon receipt by the Holder
of the Optional Prepayment Notice post Prepayment Periods, the prepayment shall be subject to the Holder s and the Borrower s
agreement with respect to the applicable Prepayment Percentage. 

Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, the Holder s conversion rights herein shall not be affected in any way until the Note is fully paid (funds
received by the Holder) pursuant to an Optional Prepayment Notice. 

ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1 Sale
of Assets . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any
consent to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 

ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

If any of the following events of default (each, an Event
of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal and Interest . The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity or upon acceleration and such breach continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice from the Holder. 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares . The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or
impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions
in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to
this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor
the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat
not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice
of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an event of
default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer
agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion,
such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower to the Holder within forty-eight (48) hours of a demand from the Holder. 

3.3 Breach
of Covenants . The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral
documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written
notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder. 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate
given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or
misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect
on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 

6 

3.5 Receiver or Trustee . The Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver
or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.6 Bankruptcy .
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

3.7 Delisting of Common Stock . The Borrower shall
fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which specifically includes the quotation platforms maintained
by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York
Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange. 

3.8 Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act .
The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (the filing of a Form 15 with the SEC is an immediate Event of Default). 

3.9 Liquidation . Any dissolution, liquidation,
or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations . Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as
such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern 
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Financial Statement Restatement . The
restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC at any time after 180 days after the Issuance Date for any
date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the un-restated financial
statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 

3.12 Replacement of Transfer Agent . In the event
that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement,
a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including
but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer
agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.13 Cross-Default . Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant
or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements, after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods,
shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder shall
be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements
by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. Other Agreements means, collectively, all agreements and
instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder and any affiliate of the Holder, including,
without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, the term Other Agreements shall not include the related or companion
documents to this Note. Each of the loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other existing
and future debt of Borrower to the Holder. 

7 

Upon the
occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default specified in Section 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the principal
hereof or interest thereon when due at the Maturity Date), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay
to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined herein). UPON THE
OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE CONTINUATION OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.2, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE
AND THE BORROWER SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (Y) THE DEFAULT AMOUNT
(AS DEFINED HEREIN); MULTIPLIED BY (Z) TWO (2). Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default specified in
Sections 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note upon a Trading Market
Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7 or upon acceleration), 3.3, 3.4, 3.7, 3.8, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, and/or 3.13 exercisable through
the delivery of written notice to the Borrower by such Holders (the Default Notice ), and upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default specified the remaining sections of Articles III (other than failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon at the
Maturity Date specified in Section 3,1 hereof), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder,
in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to 150 times the sum of (w) the then outstanding principal
amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the
 Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x)
 plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of this
Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the Default
Amount and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice,
all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection,
and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

If the Borrower fails to pay the Default
Amount within five (5) business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder shall have the right at any
time, so long as the Borrower remains in default (and so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized shares), to require
the Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower
equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price then in effect. 

ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive
of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

4.2 Notices . All notices, demands, requests,
consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein,
shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii)
delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, facsimile or email,
addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice
or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile,
with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on
a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if
delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business
day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such
mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Borrower, to: 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORP. 

 401 Las Olas Blvd., Unit 1400 

 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 

 Attn: Daniel R. Thompson, Chairman; Treasurer; and Secretary 

 Fax: 

 Email: daniel@cardifflexington.com 

8 

If to the Holder: 

POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. 

 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214 

 Great Neck, NY 11021 

 Attn: Curt Kramer, Chief Executive
Officer 

 e-mail: info@poweruplending.com 

With a copy by fax only to (which
copy shall not constitute notice): 

Naidich Wurman LLP 

 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 216 

 Great Neck, NY 11021 

 Attn: Allison Naidich 

 facsimile: 516-466-3555 

 e-mail: allison@nwlaw.com 

4.3 Amendments .
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note 
and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

4.4 Assignability . This Note shall be binding
upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each
transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities and Exchange Commission).
Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin
account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without the consent of the Borrower. 

4.5 Cost of Collection . If default is made in
the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees. 

4.6 Governing Law . This Note shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought
by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be brought only in the state courts of
New York or in the federal courts located in the Eastern District of New York. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any
objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled
to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement
delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be
deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of
law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any agreement or any other document delivered in connection with this
Note by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the
address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. 

4.7 Purchase
Agreement . By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

9 

4.8 Remedies .
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on April 26, 2021 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORP. 

By: /s/
Daniel R. Thompson 

 Daniel R.
Thompson 

 Chairman; Treasurer; and Secretary 

10 

EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert _________________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of
Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of CARDIFF LEXINGTON
CORP., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower according to the conditions of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as
of April 26, 2021 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except
for transfer taxes, if any. 

Box Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account
of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent At Custodian DWAC Transfer ). 

Name of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account Number: 

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower
issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder s
calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. 

111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214 

Great Neck, NY 11021 

Attention: Certificate Delivery 

e-mail: info@poweruplendinggroup.com 

Date of conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to
conversion of the Notes: 

Amount of Principal Balance due remaining under the Note
after this conversion: 

POWER
UP LENDING GROUP LTD. 

By: _________________________ 

Name: Curt Kramer 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Date: __________________ 

11 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 18
 cardiff_ex1013.htm
 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE TO POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. ON FEBRUARY 9, 2021

Exhibit 10.13 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal Amount: 103,500.00 
 Issue Date: February 9, 2021 
 
 Purchase Price: 103,500.00 

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED , CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORP. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower ), hereby
promises to pay to the order of POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. , a Virginia corporation, or registered assigns (the
 Holder the sum of 103,500.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on February 9, 2022 (the
 Maturity Date ), and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate of six percent (6 (the
 Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable,
whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. This Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as
otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear
interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22 per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default
Interest ). Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary herein, Default Interest shall not be accrued for failure to
pay principal and/or interest on the Maturity Date until the date which is one (1) year following the Maturity Date (during such
period only regular interest shall accure. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365 day year and the actual number of days
elapsed. Interest shall commence accruing on the Issue Date but shall not be payable until the Note becomes payable (whether at
Maturity Date or upon acceleration or by prepayment). All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock,
 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of
the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by
written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined,
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this
Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). 

This Note is free
from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other
similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

The following terms shall apply to this Note: 

1 

ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1 Conversion
Right . The Holder shall have the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one hundred
eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the
Default Amount (as defined in Article III), each in respect of the remaining outstanding amount of this Note to convert all or any part
of the outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists
on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be
changed or reclassified at the conversion price (the Conversion Price determined as provided herein (a Conversion );
 provided , however , that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that
portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion
of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of
the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership
by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately
preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso.
 The beneficial ownership limitations on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder . The number of
shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined
below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below;
provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to
result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date );
however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day.
The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this
Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal
amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest,
if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holder s option,
any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.4 hereof. 

1.2 Conversion
Price . The Conversion Price shall equal the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein)(subject to equitable adjustments for
stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities or the securities of
any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events).
The Variable Conversion Price shall mean 62 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount
rate of 38 ). Market Price means the average of the two (2) lowest Trading Prices (as defined below) for the Common
Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date.
 Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets
electronic quotation system or applicable trading market (the OTC as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for
such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is
listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the
closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink sheets . If the Trading Price
cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value
as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes being converted for which the
calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. Trading Day 
shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal securities exchange or other
securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. 

2 

1.3 Authorized
Shares . The Borrower covenants that during the period the conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon
the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized
and reserved four times the number of shares that would be issuable upon full conversion of the Note (assuming that the 4.99 limitation
set forth in Section 1.1 is not in effect)(based on the respective Conversion Price of the Note (as defined in Section 1.2) in effect
from time to time, initially 30,913,978)(the Reserved Amount ). The Reserved Amount shall be increased (or decreased with
the written consent of the Holder) from time to time in accordance with the Borrower s obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents
that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue
any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes
shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter
there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of
the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to
its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates
for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. 

If, at any time the
Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note. 

1.4 Method of Conversion . 

(a) 
 Mechanics of Conversion . As set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning
on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and
(ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to
time after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of
communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering
this Note at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder). 

(b) 
 Surrender of Note Upon Conversion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower,
so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. 

(c) 
 Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail
(or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section
1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely
in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and
the Purchase Agreement. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record
of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on
this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with
respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other
securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided
herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective
of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery
of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation
of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation
of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. 

3 

(d) 
 Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer FAST program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower
shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder
by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission DWAC system. 

(e) 
 Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline . Without in any way limiting the Holder s right to pursue other
remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder 500
per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee );
provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and
not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Common Stock.
Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of
the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added
to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such
additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees that
the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with
such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision
contained in this Section 1.4(e) are justified. 

1.5 Concerning the Shares . The shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel
(which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that
the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration (such as Rule 144 or
a successor rule) Rule 144 ); or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144)
of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited
Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). 

Any restrictive legend on certificates
representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder
a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel
from Holder s counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect
that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted
by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note,
such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act; or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to an exemption from registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such as Rule 144), at the Deadline,
it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

1.6 Effect of Certain Events . 

(a) 
 Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than
50 of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with
or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default
(as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition
to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 

4 

(b) 
 Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion
of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar
event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this
Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified
herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect
to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days
prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) 
 Adjustment
Due to Distribution . If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the
Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a
 Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 

1.7 Prepayment .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, at any time during the periods set forth on the table immediately following
this paragraph (the Prepayment Periods or as otherwise agreed to between the Borrower and the Holder, the Borrower shall
have the right, exercisable on not more than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note to prepay the outstanding
Note (principal and accrued interest), in full, in accordance with this Section 1.7. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional
Prepayment Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower
is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be not more than three (3) Trading Days from the
date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the date fixed for prepayment (the Optional Prepayment Date ), the Borrower shall
make payment of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to Holder, or upon the direction of the Holder as specified by the Holder
in a writing to the Borrower (which shall direction to be sent to Borrower by the Holder at least one (1) business day prior to the Optional
Prepayment Date). If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in
cash equal to the percentage Prepayment Percentage as set forth in the table immediately following this paragraph opposite
the applicable Prepayment Period, multiplied by the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued
and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any,
on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Section 1.4 hereof (the Optional
Prepayment Amount ). 

Prepayment Period 
 Prepayment Percentage 

1. The
period beginning on the Issue Date and ending on the date which is sixty (60) days following the Issue Date. 
 120 

2. The
period beginning on the date which is sixty-one (61) days from the Issue Date and ending ninety (90) days following the Issue Date. 
 125 

3. The period beginning on the date which is ninety-one (91) days from the Issue Date and ending one hundred twenty (120) days following the Issue Date. 
 130 
 
 4. The period beginning on the date which is one hundred twenty-one (121) days from the Issue Date and ending one hundred fifty (150) days following the Issue Date. 
 135 
 
 5. The period beginning on the date which is one hundred fifty-one (151) days from the Issue Date and ending one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date. 
 140 

5 

After the expiration
of the Prepayment Periods set forth above, the Borrower may submit an Optional Prepayment Notice to the Holder. Upon receipt by the Holder
of the Optional Prepayment Notice post Prepayment Periods, the prepayment shall be subject to the Holder s and the Borrower s
agreement with respect to the applicable Prepayment Percentage. 

Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, the Holder s conversion rights herein shall not be affected in any way until the Note is fully paid (funds
received by the Holder) pursuant to an Optional Prepayment Notice. 

ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1 Sale
of Assets . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any
consent to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 

ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

If any of the following events of default (each, an Event
of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal and Interest . The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity or upon acceleration and such breach continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice from the Holder. 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares . The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or
impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions
in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to
this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor
the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat
not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice
of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an event of
default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer
agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion,
such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower to the Holder within forty-eight (48) hours of a demand from the Holder. 

3.3 Breach
of Covenants . The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral
documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written
notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder. 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate
given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or
misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect
on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 

6 

3.5 Receiver or Trustee . The Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver
or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.6 Bankruptcy .
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

3.7 Delisting of Common Stock . The Borrower shall
fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which specifically includes the quotation platforms maintained
by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York
Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange. 

3.8 Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act .
The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (the filing of a Form 15 with the SEC is an immediate Event of Default). 

3.9 Liquidation . Any dissolution, liquidation,
or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations . Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as
such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern 
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Financial Statement Restatement . The
restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC at any time after 180 days after the Issuance Date for any
date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the un-restated financial
statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 

3.12 Replacement of Transfer Agent . In the event
that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement,
a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including
but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer
agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.13 Cross-Default . Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant
or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements, after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods,
shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder shall
be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements
by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. Other Agreements means, collectively, all agreements and
instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder and any affiliate of the Holder, including,
without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, the term Other Agreements shall not include the related or companion
documents to this Note. Each of the loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other existing
and future debt of Borrower to the Holder. 

7 

Upon the
occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default specified in Section 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the principal
hereof or interest thereon when due at the Maturity Date), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay
to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined herein). UPON THE
OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE CONTINUATION OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.2, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE
AND THE BORROWER SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (Y) THE DEFAULT AMOUNT
(AS DEFINED HEREIN); MULTIPLIED BY (Z) TWO (2). Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default specified in
Sections 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note upon a Trading Market
Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7 or upon acceleration), 3.3, 3.4, 3.7, 3.8, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, and/or 3.13 exercisable through
the delivery of written notice to the Borrower by such Holders (the Default Notice ), and upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default specified the remaining sections of Articles III (other than failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon at the
Maturity Date specified in Section 3,1 hereof), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder,
in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to 150 times the sum of (w) the then outstanding principal
amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the
 Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x)
 plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of this
Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the Default
Amount and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice,
all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection,
and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

If the Borrower fails to pay the Default
Amount within five (5) business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder shall have the right at any
time, so long as the Borrower remains in default (and so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized shares), to require
the Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower
equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price then in effect. 

ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive
of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

4.2 Notices . All notices, demands, requests,
consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein,
shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii)
delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, facsimile or email,
addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice
or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile,
with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on
a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if
delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business
day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such
mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Borrower, to: 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORP. 

 401 Las Olas Blvd., Unit 1400 

 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 

 Attn: Daniel R. Thompson, Chairman; Treasurer; and Secretary 

 Fax: 

 Email: daniel@cardifflexington.com 

8 

If to the Holder: 

POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. 

 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214 

 Great Neck, NY 11021 

 Attn: Curt Kramer, Chief Executive
Officer 

 e-mail: info@poweruplending.com 

With a copy by fax only to (which
copy shall not constitute notice): 

Naidich Wurman LLP 

 111 Great Neck Road, Suite 216 

 Great Neck, NY 11021 

 Attn: Allison Naidich 

 facsimile: 516-466-3555 

 e-mail: allison@nwlaw.com 

4.3 Amendments .
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note 
and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

4.4 Assignability . This Note shall be binding
upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each
transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities and Exchange Commission).
Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin
account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without the consent of the Borrower. 

4.5 Cost of Collection . If default is made in
the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees. 

4.6 Governing Law . This Note shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought
by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be brought only in the state courts of
New York or in the federal courts located in the Eastern District of New York. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any
objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled
to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement
delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be
deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of
law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any agreement or any other document delivered in connection with this
Note by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the
address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. 

4.7 Purchase
Agreement . By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

9 

4.8 Remedies .
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on February 9, 2021 

CARDIFF LEXINGTON CORP. 

By: /s/
Daniel R. Thompson 

 Daniel R.
Thompson 

 Chairman; Treasurer; and Secretary 

10 

EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert _________________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of
Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of CARDIFF LEXINGTON
CORP., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower according to the conditions of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as
of April 26, 2021 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except
for transfer taxes, if any. 

Box Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account
of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent At Custodian DWAC Transfer ). 

Name of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account Number: 

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower
issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder s
calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. 

111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214 

Great Neck, NY 11021 

Attention: Certificate Delivery 

e-mail: info@poweruplendinggroup.com 

Date of conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to
conversion of the Notes: 

Amount of Principal Balance due remaining under the Note
after this conversion: 

POWER
UP LENDING GROUP LTD. 

By: _________________________ 

Name: Curt Kramer 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Date: __________________ 

11 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 19
 cardiff_ex1014.htm
 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE TO GREENTREE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. ON JANUARY 24, 2017

Exhibit 10.14 

CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTE 

Up to 250,000.00 
 January 24, 2017 
 
 'Principal 
 Effective Date 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Cardiff International,
Inc., a Florida Corporation, its successors and assigns (the Company ), hereby promises to pay to Greentree Financial Group
Inc., a Florida corporation, or its successors or assigns (the Holder ), in immediately available funds, the total principal
sum of up to Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000.00), in accordance with the terms of this Convertible Promissory Note (this
 Note ). The principal hereof and any unpaid accrued interest thereon shall be due and payable upon demand by Holder in accordance
with Section 1, below (unless such payment date is accelerated as provided in Section 8 hereof). Payment of all amounts due hereunder
shall be made at the address of the Holder provided for in Section 9 hereof. Interest on the unpaid principal balance of this Note shall
accrue from the date funds have been advanced and shall continue to accrue until all unpaid principal and interest is paid in full. Interest
shall be calculated at the rate of fifteen percent (15 and payable to the Holder semi-annually. 

1. DEMAND LOAN At such times as the Company and Holder shall agree, and in amounts as the
 Company and Holder shall agree, Holder will loan the Company up to 250,000.00 for its operating expenses. Each such loan by the
 Holder to the Company shall be referred to as a Loan Advance. The date and amount of each Loan Advance, and the total of
 all Loan Advances, will be recorded and updated on Exhibit A, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein. Any loans or
 other advances made by Holder to the Company which are not recorded in Exhibit A will not be considered a part of this Note.
 Holder may demand repayment of all amounts loaned to the Company through the date of its repayment request, plus interest, at any
 time upon thirty (30) days written notice to the Company after one (1) year from the Effective Date. This Note does not obligate the
 Holder to loan any money to the Company, but is meant to govern the terms of any money the Holder does loan the Company. 

2. PREPAYMENT. The Company may, at its option, at any time and from time to time prepay all or any
part of the principal balance of this Note before the Maturity Date, with a penalty or premium equal to 20 of the Principal; provided,
 that it shall provide Holder with fifteen (15) days' advanced written notice of its intent to prepay this Note. Holder shall have
the option to elect to convert this Note per the terms of this Note and the Services Agreement at any tine prior to the Company's prepayment. 

3. TRANSFERABILITY. This Note shall not be transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or assigned by the Company without the express
written consent of the Holder. In the event any third party acquires a controlling interest in the Company or acquires substantially all
of the assets of the Company (a Reorganization Event ), this Note will survive and become an obligation of the party that acquires
such controlling interest or assets. In the event of a Reorganization Event, the Company agrees to make the party that acquires such controlling
interest or assets, aware of the terms of this Section and this Note. This Note may be transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or assigned
by the Holder in its sole discretion. 

4. CONVERSION.
 Upon not less than five (5) days advance written notice Conversion Notice ), at any time after the date six (6) months
from the Effective Date of this Note and from time to time thereafter, the Holder at its sole option, may convert the outstanding Principal
Amount of this Note, or any portion of the Principal Amount hereof, and any accrued interest, in whole or in part, into shares of the
common stock of the Company (the Common Stock . Any amount so converted will be converted into common stock of the Company
at a conversion price at a conversion price at 0.25 per share or 50 of the lowest closing price on the primary trading market on which
the Company's Common Stock is quoted for the last ten trading days immediately prior to but not including the Conversion Date, whichever
is lower (the Conversion Price ). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Note, the Holder may not convert this Note if
such conversion would cause Holder's beneficial ownership (as defined by Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)
of the Company to exceed 4.9 of its total issued and outstanding common or voting shares. Upon not less than sixty-one (61) days advance
written notice, at any time or from time to time, the Holder at its sole discretion, may waive this 4.9 conversion limit. However, the
Holder agrees not to convert this Note if such conversion would cause Holder's beneficial ownership (as defined by Section 13(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of the Company to exceed 9.9 of its total issued and outstanding common or voting shares.
Any common shares converted under this Note need to be delivered to the Holder within three (3) business days of the receipt of Conversion
Notice. 

1 

5. CONVERSION PRICE. The Company agrees to reimburse the Holder's certificate processing cost by
adding 1,500 to the Principal for each Conversion effected by Holder. 

6. COMMON SHARE ISSUANCE. Upon receipt by the Company of a written request
from Holder to convert any amount due under any Note or to exercise any portion of any Warrant, subject to any limitations on conversion
or exercise contained in any Note, the Company shall have three (3) business days Delivery Date to request issuance of the
shares of Common Stock rightfully listed in such request. If the Company fails to timely deliver the shares through willful failure or
deliberate hindrance, the Company shall pay to Holder in immediately available funds 1,000.00 per day past the Delivery Date that the
shares are actually issued. Any amounts due under this Section shall be paid by the fifth (5th) day of the month following the month in
which they accrued or, at the option of Holder, may be added to the principal under any Note. The Company agrees t 'rat the right to convert
the Notes or exercise its Warrants is a valuable right to Holder and a material consideration of it entering this Agreement. The parties
agree that it would be impracticable and extremely difficult to ascertain the amount of actual damages caused by a failure of the Company
to timely deliver shares as required hereby. Therefore, the parties agree that the foregoing liquidated damages provision represents reasonable
compensation for the loss which would be incurred by the Holder due to any such breach. The parties agree that this Section is not intended
to in any way limit Holder's right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief. 

7. ADJUSTMENTS. In case the Company shall at any time prior to the conversion of the Promissory Note, or the maturity of the Promissory
Note, whichever first occurs, effect a recapitalization or reclassification of such character that its Common Stock shall 13;) changed
into or become exchangeable for a larger number of shares, then, upon the effective date thereof, the number of shares of Common Stock
that the Holder of this Promissory Note shall be entitled to convert hereof shall be increased in direct proportion to the increase in
such number of shares of Common Stock by reason of such recapitalization or reclassification, and the Conversion Price of such recapitalized
or reclassified Common Stock shall, in the case of an increase in the number of shares, be proportionately decreased. There shall be no
adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Promissory Note in the event of a reverse stock split. 

8. DEFAULT. The occurrence of any one of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default: 

a) The non-payment, when due or upon demand, of any principal or interest
pursuant to this Note; 

b) The material breach of any representation or warranty in this Note. In the event
the Holder becomes aware of a breach of this Section 8(b), the Holder shall notify the Company in writing of such breach and the Company
shall have five business days after notice to cure such breach; 

c) The breach of any covenant or undertaking, not otherwise provided for in this Section
8; 

d) The commencement by the Company of any voluntary proceeding under any bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, receivership, dissolution, or liquidation law or statute of any jurisdiction,
whether now or hereafter in effect; or the adjudication of the Company as insolvent or bankrupt by a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction;
or the petition or application by the Company for, acquiescence in, or consent by the Company to, the appointment of any receiver or trustee
for the Company or for all or a substantial part of the property of the Company; or the assignment by the Company for the benefit of creditors;
or the written admission of the Company of its inability to pay its debts as they mature; 

e) The commencement against the Company of any proceeding relating to the Company
under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, adjustment of debt, receivership, dissolution or liquidation law or statute
of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect, provided, however, that the commencement of such a proceeding shall not constitute
an Event of Default unless the Company consents to the same or admits in writing the material allegations of same, or said proceeding
shall remain undismissed for 20 days; or the issuance of any order, judgment or decree for the appointment of a receiver or trustee for
the Company or for all or a substantial part of the property of the Company, which order, judgment or decree remains undismissed for 20
days; or a warrant of attachment, execution, or similar process shall be issued against any substantial part of the property of the Company; 

2 

f) The Company liquidates, transfers, sells or assigns substantially all of its assets
or elects to wind down its operations or dissolve; 

g) The
Company fails to maintain irrevocable TA instruction or file with the Company's transfer agent or switches transfer agents without at
least twenty (20) day's prior written notice to Holder; 

h) The Company fails
to stay current in its SEC reporting obligations, including maintaining XBRL financial information on the Company's corporate website. 

i) The Company fails to deliver the Holder and/or its assigns the shares of Common
Stock rightfully listed in the Conversion Notice or Warrant Exercise Notice within three (3) business days. 

j) The Company defaults on any other debt or warrant agreement exceeding a value of
 50,000. 

k) The Company breaches any other agreement it has with Holder or its assigns. 

1) The Company interferes with Holder's or its assigns' efforts to remove the restrictive
legend from the Common Stock issued as a result of conversion of the Note when Holder or its assign has provided an attorney opinion letter
opining that the shares are eligible to have the legend removed pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise. 

Upon the occurrence of
any Default or Event of Default, the Holder, may, by written notice to the Company, declare all or any portion of the unpaid principal
amount due to Holder, together with all accrued interest thereon, immediately due and payable (the thirty (30) day notice period in Section
1, above, will not be applicable in the case of an Event of Default), in which event it shall immediately be and become due and payable;
provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default as set forth in paragraph (d) or paragraph (e) hereof, all or any portion of
the unpaid principal amount due to Holder, together with all accrued interest thereon, shall immediately become due and payable without
any such notice. There shall be a late charge equal to 5 of the amount of any unpaid principal plus any interest accrued as of the due
date. 

In the event that Holder
at its sole discretion elects to allow the Company to continue with repayment of the principal and interest on this Note after an Event
of Default, the interest rate on the unpaid principal of this Note will change to 20 orthe highest interest rate currently allowable
under Florida law for loans of this amount (the Default Interest Rate ). In the event of any changes under Florida law relating
to the increases or decreases of allowable interest rates, this Note will be changed to the highest amount allowable under Florida law
without notification or further ratification. As of the date of Default or any Event of Default, assuming the Holder allows reinstatement
or continuation of this Note, the Default Interest Rate shall become the new rate of interest on this Note. 

Any payments
that the Holder allows under this section shall be made through a wire transfer of funds or Certified Check. 

Upon the occurrence
of any Default or Event of Default, the Holder at its sole discretion may elect to immediately, or at any time, convert the outstanding
principal amount of this Note, or any portion of the principal amount hereof, and any accrued interest, in whole or in part, into shares
of the common stock of the Company. 

9. 
 NOTICES.
 Notices to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given if delivered personally or
sent by overnight courier, or by facsimile transmission. Notice shall be deemed to have been received on the date and time of personal
or overnight delivery or facsimile transmission, if received during normal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next
business day. 

Notices to the Company shall be sent to: 411 N New River Drive E, Unit
2202, Florida, 33301 

3 

Notices to the Holder shall be sent to: 7951 SW
6t h Street, Suite 216, Plantation, FL 33324 

10. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder: 

(a) Organization,
Good Standing and Power. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of Florida and has the requisite corporate power to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to conduct
its business as it is now being conducted. 

(b) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Note and to issue and
sell this Note. The execution, delivery and performance of this Note by the Company, and the consummation by it of the Transactions
contemplated hereby, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action. This Note, when executed and
delivered, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation,
conservatorship, receivership or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditor's rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application. 

(c) Disclosure. Neither
this Note nor any other document, certificate or instrument furnished to the Holder by or on behalf of the Company in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Note contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made
herein or therein, not misleading. 

11. 
 SUCCESSION AND ASSIGNABILITY. This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. The Holder may assign any of his or its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder on his or its own
discretion without further approval from the Company. 

12. 
 GOVERNING
LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Florida, without regard to conflict of law provisions. All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Note, or in respect of
any legal relationship associated with or derived from this Note, shall only be heard in any competent court residing in Broward
County, Florida. The Company agrees that a final judgment in an such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in
other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any manner provided by law. The Company further waives any objection to venue in
any such action or proceeding on the basis of inconvenient forum. The Company agrees that any action on or proceeding brought
against the Holder shall only be brought in such courts. 

13. 
 ATTORNEYS FEES. In the
event the Holder hereof shall refer this Note to an attorney to enforce the terms hereof, the Company agrees to pay all the costs
and expenses incurred in attempting or effecting the enforcement of the Holder's rights, including reasonable attorney s fees,
whether or not suit is instituted. 

14. 
 CONFORMITY WITH LAW. It
is the intention of the Company and of the Holder to conform strictly to applicable usury and similar laws. Accordingly,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, it is agreed that the aggregate of all charges which constitute interest
under applicable usury and similar laws that are contracted for, chargeable or receivable under or in respect of this Note, shall
under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount of interest permitted by such laws, and any excess, whether occasioned by
acceleration or maturity of this Note or otherwise, shall be canceled automatically, and if theretofore paid, shall be either
refunded to the Company or credited on the Principal Amount of this Note. 

15. 
 WAIVER Holder shall not
be deemed to have waived any rights under this Note unless such waiver is given in a dated writing signed by Holder. No delay or
omission on the part of Holder exercising any right pursuant to this Note shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other
right. A waiver by Holder of any provision of this Note or of any rights against any individual, entity or collateral shall not
prejudice or constitute a waiver of strict compliance of any other provision of this Note by any other individual or entity. No
prior waiver by Holder or course of dealing between Holder and any individual or entity collectively constituting the Company shall
constitute a waiver of any rights of Holder or of any obligations pursuant to this Note. 

4 

16. 
 This Note constitute the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter thereof and may not be altered or amended
except by written agreement signed by the parties. 

In witness whereof, the below parties
signed and sealed this Note as of above date written. 

CARDIFF INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 GREENTREE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 HOLDER 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel R. Thompson 
 
 By: 
 /s/ R. Chris Cottone 
 
 Name: 
 Daniel R. Thompson 
 
 Name: 
 R. Chris Cottone 
 
 Title: 
 Chairman 
 
 Title: 
 Vice President 

5 

Exhibit
A 

 CARDIFF INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Greentree Financial Group Inc. 

Schedule of Loan Advances (Additional Sheets may
be Attached if Necessa 

Date of Loan 
Advance 
 Amount of Loan 
Advance 
 Total of all Loan 
Advances Owed 
by Company 
(Excluding 
Interest) 
 Initials of Note 
Holder 
Representative 
 
 Initials of Authorized Company Representative 

6 

EXHIBIT B 

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Cardiff International, Inc.,
a Florida corporation, its successors and assigns (the Company) promises to pay to the order of Greentree Financial Group, Inc.,
a Florida corporation Holder ), in immediately available funds, the aggregate principal amount set forth below (the Principal
Amount ), plus all accrued interest thereon, in accordance with the terms of this Convertible Promissory Note Note ). 

EFFECTIVE DATE: 
 January 24, 2017 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: 
 80,000 

1. INCORPORATION . This Note is being issued pursuant to the terms of that certain Services Agreement,
dated as of January 24, 2017 by and between the Company and the Holder (the Services Agreement ). If not otherwise defined
herein, all capitalized terms herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Services Agreement. Further, all of the terms, representations,
warranties, agreements, covenants and conditions set forth in the Services Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. To the extent
that there is a conflict between any condition, term or provision of this Note and the Services Agreement, the conditions, terms, and
provisions set forth herein shall specifically supersede the conflicting conditions, provisions and/or terms in the Services Agreement. 

2. PAYMENT. All outstanding principal shall be due one year from the Effective Date Maturity
Date ). The Company shall have three (3) days after the Maturity Date to deliver payment to the Holder. Payment shall be made at
Holder s address at 7951 SW 6 th Street, Suite 216, Plantation, FL 33324, or as otherwise directed by Holder. 

3. INTEREST. Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note at the annual rate
of ten percent (10 until the entire Principal Amount is paid in full. Interest shall not be compounded and shall be computed on the
basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year comprised of twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days each, with any calculation based upon
a partial month of less than thirty (30) days based on actual days lapsed. The Company will make interest payments semi-annually, with
the first interest payment due six (6) months from the Effective Date hereof and on each 6 months from such date until all interest and
outstanding principal is paid in full. 

4. PREPAYMENT. The Company may, at its option, at any time and from time to time, prepay all or any
part of the principal balance of this Note before the Maturity Date, with a penalty or premium equal to 20 of the Principal; provided ,
that it shall provide Holder with fifteen (15) days advanced written notice of its intent to prepay this Note. Holder shall have
the option to elect to convert this Note per the terms of this Note and the Services Agreement at any time prior to the Company s
prepayment. 

5. REORGANIZATION. In case of any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation,
entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization, in which the Company shall not be the continuing or surviving entity of such
consolidation, merger or reorganization (any such transaction being hereinafter referred to as a Reorganization ), then,
in each case, the Holder of this Note, on conversion hereof at any time after the consummation or effective date of such Reorganization
(the Reorganization Date ), shall receive, in lieu of the shares of stock or other securities at any time issuable upon the
conversion of this Note issuable on such conversion prior to the Reorganization Date, the stock and other securities and property (including
cash) to which such Holder would have been entitled upon the Reorganization Date if such Holder had converted this Note immediately prior
thereto. The Company shall ensure that the surviving entity in any Reorganization specifically assumes the Company s obligations
under this Note and the Services Agreement. 

7 

6. CONVERSION. Upon not less than five (5) days advance written notice Conversion Notice ),
at any time or from time to time, six (6) months after the Closing, the Holder at its sole option, may convert the outstanding Principal
Amount of this Note, or any portion of the Principal Amount hereof, and any accrued interest, in whole or in part, into shares of the
common stock of the Company (the Common Stock ). Any amount so converted will be converted into common stock of the Company
at a conversion price of 0.25 per share or 50 of the lowest closing bid price on the primary trading market on which the Company's Common
Stock is quoted for the last twenty trading days immediately prior to but not including the Conversion Date, whichever is lower (the ''Conversion
Price ). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Note, the Holder may not convert this Note if such conversion would cause Holder s
beneficial ownership (as defined by Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of the Company to exceed 4.9 of
its total issued and outstanding common or voting shares. Upon not less than sixty-one (61) days advance written notice, at any time or
from time to time, the Holder at its sole discretion, may waive this 4.9 conversion limit. However, the Holder agrees not to convert
this Note if such conversion would cause Holder s beneficial ownership (as defined by Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended) of the Company to exceed 9.9 of its total issued and outstanding common or voting shares. Any common shares converted
under this Note need to be delivered to the Holder within Three (3) business days of the receipt of Conversion Notice. 

7. CONVERSION COST. The Company agrees to reimburse the Holder s certificate processing cost
by adding 1,500 to the Principal for each note conversion effected by Holder. 

8. COMMON SHARE ISSUANCE . Upon receipt by the Company of a written request from Holder to convert
any amount due under any Note or to exercise any portion of any Warrant, subject to any limitations on conversion or exercise contained
in any Note, the Company shall have three (3) business days Delivery Date to request issuance of the shares of Common
Stock rightfully listed in such request. If the Company fails to timely deliver the shares through willful failure or deliberate hindrance,
the Company shall pay to Holder in immediately available funds 1,000.00 per day past the Delivery Date that the shares are actually issued.
Any amounts due under this Section shall be paid by the fifth (5th) day of the month following the month in which they accrued or, at
the option of Holder, may be added to the principal under any Note. The Company agrees that the right to convert the Notes or exercise
its Warrants is a valuable right to Holder and a material consideration of it entering this Agreement. The parties agree that it would
be impracticable and extremely difficult to ascertain the amount of actual damages caused by a failure of the Company to timely deliver
shares as required hereby. Therefore, the parties agree that the foregoing liquidated damages provision represents reasonable compensation
for the loss which would be incurred by the Holder due to any such breach. The parties agree that this Section is not intended to in any
way limit Holder s right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief. 

9. ADJUSTMENTS. In case the Company shall at any time prior to the conversion of the Note, or the
maturity of the Note, whichever first occurs, effect a recapitalization or reclassification of such character that its Common Stock shall
be changed into or become exchangeable for a larger number of shares, then, then the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to reflect any such event. There shall be no adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Promissory Note in the event of a reverse stock
split or other reduction in the Company s shares. 

10. DEFAULT. The occurrence of any one of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default: 

a) The non-payment, when due or upon demand, of any principal or interest pursuant to this Note; 

b) The material breach of any representation or warranty in the Services Agreement; 

c) The breach of any material covenant or undertaking herein or therein the Services Agreement; 

d) The commencement by the Company of any voluntary proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency, readjustment of debt, receivership, dissolution, or liquidation law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter
in effect; or the adjudication of the Company as insolvent or bankrupt by a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction; or the petition
or application by the Company for, acquiescence in, or consent by the Company to, the appointment of any receiver or trustee for the Company
or for all or a substantial part of the property of the Company; or the assignment by the Company for the benefit of creditors; or the
written admission of the Company of its inability to pay its debts as they mature; 

8 

e) The commencement against the Company of any proceeding relating to the Company under any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency, adjustment of debt, receivership, dissolution or liquidation law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now
or hereafter in effect, provided, however, that the commencement of such a proceeding shall not constitute an Event of Default unless
the Company consents to the same or admits in writing the material allegations of same, or said proceeding shall remain undismissed for
20 days; or the issuance of any order, judgment or decree for the appointment of a receiver or trustee for the Company or for all or a
substantial part of the property of the Company, which order, judgment or decree remains undismissed for 20 days; or a warrant of attachment,
execution, or similar process shall be issued against any substantial part of the property of the Company; 

f) The Company liquidates, transfers, sells or assigns substantially all of its assets or elects to wind
down its operations or dissolve; 

g) The Company fails to maintain irrevocable TA instruction or file with the Company s transfer agent
or switches transfer agents without at least twenty (20) day s prior written notice to Holder; 

h) The Company fails to stay current in its SEC reporting obligations, including maintaining XBRL financial
information on the Company s corporate website. 

i) The Company fails to deliver the Holder and/or its assigns the shares of Common Stock rightfully listed
in the Conversion Notice or Warrant Exercise Notice within three (3) business days. 

j) The Company defaults on any other debt or warrant agreement exceeding a value of 50,000. 

k) The Company breaches any other agreement it has with Holder or its assigns. 

l) The Company interferes with Holder s or its assigns efforts to remove the restrictive legend
from the Common Stock issued as a result of conversion of the Note when Holder or its assign has provided an attorney opinion letter opining
that the shares are eligible to have the legend removed pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise. 

There will be no cure period
available for the Event of Default as defined in Section 10(d) and 10(e); Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, and provided such
Event of Default as defined in Section 10(a) through 10(c), and 10(f) through 10(l), has not been cured by the Company within five (5)
business days after the occurrence of such Event of Default (except a payment default of any interest, principal and/or other amount when
due, of which no cure period is available), the Holder, may, by written notice to the Company, declare all or any portion of the unpaid
Principal Amount due to Holder, together with all accrued interest thereon, immediately due and payable (without advanced notice as may
otherwise by required hereunder); provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default as set forth in paragraph (d) or paragraph
(e) hereof, all or any portion of the unpaid Principal Amount due to Holder, together with all accrued interest thereon, shall immediately
become due and payable without any such notice. Holder shall also have all other remedies available under law and equity. There shall
be a late charge equal to 5 of the amount of any unpaid principal plus any interest accrued as of the due date. 

In the event that Holder at
its sole discretion elects to allow the Company to continue with repayment of the principal and interest on this Note after an Event of
Default, the interest rate on the unpaid principal of this Note will change to 20 or the highest interest rate currently allowable under
Florida law for loans of this amount (the Default Interest Rate ). In the event of any changes under Florida law relating
to the increases or decreases of allowable interest rates, this Note will be changed to the highest amount allowable under Florida law
without notification or further ratification. As of the date of Default or any Event of Default, assuming the Holder allows reinstatement
or continuation of this Note, the Default Interest Rate shall become the new rate of interest on this Note. 

9 

Any payments that
the Holder allows under this section shall be made through a wire transfer of funds or Certified Check. 

Upon the occurrence of any
Event of Default, the Holder at any time, at its sole discretion, may elect to immediately (without prior notice) convert the outstanding
Principal Amount of this Note, or any portion of the Principal Amount hereof, and any accrued interest, in whole or in part, into shares
of the Common Stock, according to the terms of this Note. 

11. NOTICE. Any and all notices, demands, advance requests or other communications required or desired
to be given hereunder by any party shall be in writing and shall be validly given or made to another party if (i) personally served, (ii)
sent by email on the date such email is sent (provided confirmation of such email being sent is provided upon request) (iii) deposited
in the United States mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (iv) by facsimile with confirmation receipt. Notice hereunder
is to be given as follows: 

If to the Company: 

411 N New River Drive E Suite 2022 

 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 

 Attn: Daniel R. Thompson 

If to the Holder: 

Greentree Financial Group, Inc. 

 7951 S.W. 6th Street, Suite 216 

 Plantation, Florida 33324 

 Attn: R. Chris Cottone 

12. SUCCESSION AND ASSIGNABILITY . This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. The Holder may assign any of his or its rights, interests, or obligations
hereunder on his or its own discretion without further approval from the Company. 

13. GOVERNING LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to conflict of law provisions. All disputes arising out of or in connection with
this Note, or in respect of any legal relationship associated with or derived from this Note, shall only be heard in any competent court
residing in Broward County, Florida. The Company agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and
may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any manner provided by law. The Company further waives any objection
to venue in any such action or proceeding on the basis of inconvenient forum. The Company agrees that any action on or proceeding brought
against the Holder shall only be brought in such courts. 

14. ATTORNEYS FEES. In the event the Holder hereof shall refer this Note to an attorney to enforce
the terms hereof, the Company agrees to pay all the costs and expenses incurred in attempting or effecting the enforcement of the Holder's
rights, including reasonable attorney's fees, whether or not suit is instituted. 

10 

15. CONFORMITY WITH LAW. It is the intention of the Company and of the Holder to conform strictly to
applicable usury and similar laws. Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, it is agreed that the aggregate
of all charges which constitute interest under applicable usury and similar laws that are contracted for, chargeable or receivable under
or in respect of this Note, shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount of interest permitted by such laws, and any excess,
whether occasioned by acceleration or maturity of this Note or otherwise, shall be canceled automatically, and if theretofore paid, shall
be either refunded to the Company or credited on the Principal Amount of this Note. 

16. WAIVER. Holder shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Note unless such waiver
is given in a dated writing signed by Holder. No delay or omission on the part of Holder in exercising any right pursuant to this Note
shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by Holder of any provision of this Note or of any rights against
any individual, entity or collateral shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of strict compliance of any other provision of this Note
by any other individual or entity. No prior waiver by Holder or course of dealing between Holder and any individual or entity collectively
constituting the Company shall constitute a waiver of any rights of Holder or of any obligations pursuant to this Note. 

17. This Note and the Services Agreement (and the warrant issued thereunder) constitute the entire agreement
between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and may not be altered or amended except by written agreement signed by the
parties. 

In witness whereof, the below parties signed and
sealed this Note as of above date written. 

CARDIFF INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 GREENTREE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 HOLDER 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel R. Thompson 
 
 By: 
 /s/ R. Chris Cottone 
 
 Name: 
 Daniel R. Thompson 
 
 Name: 
 R. Chris Cottone 
 
 Title: 
 Chairman 
 
 Title: 
 Vice President 

11 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 20
 cardiff_ex1015.htm
 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE TO GREENTREE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. ON SEPTEMBER 12, 2016

Exhibit 10.15 

EXHIBIT B 

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Cardiff International, Inc.,
a Florida corporation, its successors and assigns (the Company) promises to pay to the order of Greentree Financial Group, Inc.,
a Florida corporation Holder ), in immediately available funds, the aggregate principal amount set forth below (the Principal
Amount ), plus all accrued interest thereon, in accordance with the terms of this Convertible Promissory Note Note ). 

EFFECTIVE DATE: 
 September 12, 2016 

PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: 
 80,000 

1. INCORPORATION . This Note is being issued pursuant to the terms of that certain Services Agreement,
dated as of September 12, 2016 by and between the Company and the Holder (the Services Agreement ). If not otherwise defined
herein, all capitalized terms herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Services Agreement. Further, all of the terms, representations,
warranties, agreements, covenants and conditions set forth in the Services Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. To the extent
that there is a conflict between any condition, term or provision of this Note and the Services Agreement, the conditions, terms, and
provisions set forth herein shall specifically supersede the conflicting conditions, provisions and/or terms in the Services Agreement. 

2. PAYMENT. All outstanding principal shall be due one year from the Effective Date Maturity
Date ). The Company shall have three (3) days after the Maturity Date to deliver payment to the Holder. Payment shall be made at
Holder s address at 7951 SW 6 th Street, Suite 216, Plantation, FL 33324, or as otherwise directed by Holder. 

3. INTEREST. Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note at the annual rate
of ten percent (10 until the entire Principal Amount is paid in full. Interest shall not be compounded and shall be computed on the
basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year comprised of twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days each, with any calculation based upon
a partial month of less than thirty (30) days based on actual days lapsed. The Company will make interest payments semi-annually, with
the first interest payment due six (6) months from the Effective Date hereof and on each 6 months from such date until all interest and
outstanding principal is paid in full. 

4. PREPAYMENT. The Company may, at its option, at any time and from time to time, prepay all or any
part of the principal balance of this Note before the Maturity Date, with a penalty or premium equal to 20 of the Principal; provided ,
that it shall provide Holder with fifteen (15) days advanced written notice of its intent to prepay this Note. Holder shall have
the option to elect to convert this Note per the terms of this Note and the Services Agreement at any time prior to the Company s
prepayment. 

5. REORGANIZATION. In case of any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation,
entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization, in which the Company shall not be the continuing or surviving entity of such
consolidation, merger or reorganization (any such transaction being hereinafter referred to as a Reorganization ), then,
in each case, the Holder of this Note, on conversion hereof at any time after the consummation or effective date of such Reorganization
(the Reorganization Date ), shall receive, in lieu of the shares of stock or other securities at any time issuable upon the
conversion of this Note issuable on such conversion prior to the Reorganization Date, the stock and other securities and property (including
cash) to which such Holder would have been entitled upon the Reorganization Date if such Holder had converted this Note immediately prior
thereto. The Company shall ensure that the surviving entity in any Reorganization specifically assumes the Company s obligations
under this Note and the Services Agreement. 

7 

6. CONVERSION. Upon not less than five (5) days advance written notice Conversion
 Notice ), at any time or from time to time, six (6) months after the Closing, the Holder at its sole option, may convert the
 outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, or any portion of the Principal Amount hereof, and any accrued interest, in whole or in
 part, into shares of the common stock of the Company (the Common Stock ). Any amount so converted will be converted
 into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of 0.03 per share or 50 of the lowest closing bid price on the primary
 trading market on which the Company's Common Stock is quoted for the last twenty trading days immediately prior to but not including
 the Conversion Date, whichever is lower (the ''Conversion Price ). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Note, the Holder
 may not convert this Note if such conversion would cause Holder s beneficial ownership (as defined by Section 13(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of the Company to exceed 4.9 of its total issued and outstanding common or voting
 shares. Upon not less than sixty-one (61) days advance written notice, at any time or from time to time, the Holder at its sole
 discretion, may waive this 4.9 conversion limit. However, the Holder agrees not to convert this Note if such conversion would cause
 Holder s beneficial ownership (as defined by Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of the Company
 to exceed 9.9 of its total issued and outstanding common or voting shares. Any common shares converted under this Note need to be
 delivered to the Holder within Three (3) business days of the receipt of Conversion Notice. 

7. CONVERSION COST. The Company agrees to reimburse the Holder s certificate processing cost
by adding 1,000 to the Principal for each note conversion effected by Holder. 

8. COMMON SHARE ISSUANCE . Upon receipt by the Company of a written request from Holder to convert
any amount due under any Note or to exercise any portion of any Warrant, subject to any limitations on conversion or exercise contained
in any Note, the Company shall have three (3) business days Delivery Date to request issuance of the shares of Common
Stock rightfully listed in such request. If the Company fails to timely deliver the shares through willful failure or deliberate hindrance,
the Company shall pay to Holder in immediately available funds 1,000.00 per day past the Delivery Date that the shares are actually issued.
Any amounts due under this Section shall be paid by the fifth (5th) day of the month following the month in which they accrued or, at
the option of Holder, may be added to the principal under any Note. The Company agrees that the right to convert the Notes or exercise
its Warrants is a valuable right to Holder and a material consideration of it entering this Agreement. The parties agree that it would
be impracticable and extremely difficult to ascertain the amount of actual damages caused by a failure of the Company to timely deliver
shares as required hereby. Therefore, the parties agree that the foregoing liquidated damages provision represents reasonable compensation
for the loss which would be incurred by the Holder due to any such breach. The parties agree that this Section is not intended to in any
way limit Holder s right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief. 

9. ADJUSTMENTS. In case the Company shall at any time prior to the conversion of the Note, or the
maturity of the Note, whichever first occurs, effect a recapitalization or reclassification of such character that its Common Stock shall
be changed into or become exchangeable for a larger number of shares, then, then the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to reflect any such event. There shall be no adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Promissory Note in the event of a reverse stock
split or other reduction in the Company s shares. 

10. DEFAULT. The occurrence of any one of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default: 

a) The non-payment, when due or upon demand, of any principal or interest pursuant to this Note; 

b) The material breach of any representation or warranty in the Services Agreement; 

c) The breach of any material covenant or undertaking herein or therein the Services Agreement; 

d) The commencement by the Company of any voluntary proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency, readjustment of debt, receivership, dissolution, or liquidation law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter
in effect; or the adjudication of the Company as insolvent or bankrupt by a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction; or the petition
or application by the Company for, acquiescence in, or consent by the Company to, the appointment of any receiver or trustee for the Company
or for all or a substantial part of the property of the Company; or the assignment by the Company for the benefit of creditors; or the
written admission of the Company of its inability to pay its debts as they mature; 

8 

e) The commencement against the Company of any proceeding relating to the Company under any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency, adjustment of debt, receivership, dissolution or liquidation law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now
or hereafter in effect, provided, however, that the commencement of such a proceeding shall not constitute an Event of Default unless
the Company consents to the same or admits in writing the material allegations of same, or said proceeding shall remain undismissed for
20 days; or the issuance of any order, judgment or decree for the appointment of a receiver or trustee for the Company or for all or a
substantial part of the property of the Company, which order, judgment or decree remains undismissed for 20 days; or a warrant of attachment,
execution, or similar process shall be issued against any substantial part of the property of the Company; 

f) The Company liquidates, transfers, sells or assigns substantially all of its assets or elects to wind
down its operations or dissolve; 

g) The Company fails to stay current in its SEC reporting obligations, including posting current XBRL
 data on the Company s corporate website, after December 31, 2016; 

h) The Company fails to maintain irrevocable TA instruction or file with the Company s transfer
 agent; or 

i) The Company fails to deliver the Holder
 the shares of Common Stock rightfully listed in the Conversion Notice within Three (3)
 business days. 

There will be no cure period
available for the Event of Default as defined in Section 10(d) and 10(e); Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, and provided such
Event of Default as defined in Section 10(a) through 10(c), and 10(f) through 10(l), has not been cured by the Company within five (5)
business days after the occurrence of such Event of Default (except a payment default of any interest, principal and/or other amount when
due, of which no cure period is available), the Holder, may, by written notice to the Company, declare all or any portion of the unpaid
Principal Amount due to Holder, together with all accrued interest thereon, immediately due and payable (without advanced notice as may
otherwise by required hereunder); provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default as set forth in paragraph (d) or paragraph
(e) hereof, all or any portion of the unpaid Principal Amount due to Holder, together with all accrued interest thereon, shall immediately
become due and payable without any such notice. Holder shall also have all other remedies available under law and equity. There shall
be a late charge equal to 5 of the amount of any unpaid principal plus any interest accrued as of the due date. 

In the event that Holder at
its sole discretion elects to allow the Company to continue with repayment of the principal and interest on this Note after an Event of
Default, the interest rate on the unpaid principal of this Note will change to 20 or the highest interest rate currently allowable under
Florida law for loans of this amount (the Default Interest Rate ). In the event of any changes under Florida law relating
to the increases or decreases of allowable interest rates, this Note will be changed to the highest amount allowable under Florida law
without notification or further ratification. As of the date of Default or any Event of Default, assuming the Holder allows reinstatement
or continuation of this Note, the Default Interest Rate shall become the new rate of interest on this Note. 

9 

Any payments that
the Holder allows under this section shall be made through a wire transfer of funds or Certified Check. 

Upon the occurrence of any
Event of Default, the Holder at any time, at its sole discretion, may elect to immediately (without prior notice) convert the outstanding
Principal Amount of this Note, or any portion of the Principal Amount hereof, and any accrued interest, in whole or in part, into shares
of the Common Stock, according to the terms of this Note. 

11. NOTICE. Any and all notices, demands, advance requests or other communications required or desired
to be given hereunder by any party shall be in writing and shall be validly given or made to another party if (i) personally served, (ii)
sent by email on the date such email is sent (provided confirmation of such email being sent is provided upon request) (iii) deposited
in the United States mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (iv) by facsimile with confirmation receipt. Notice hereunder
is to be given as follows: 

If to the Company: 

411 N New River Drive E Suite 2022 

 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 

 Attn: Daniel R. Thompson 

If to the Holder: 

Greentree Financial Group, Inc. 

 7951 S.W. 6th Street, Suite 216 

 Plantation, Florida 33324 

 Attn: R. Chris Cottone 

12. SUCCESSION AND ASSIGNABILITY . This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. The Holder may assign any of his or its rights, interests, or obligations
hereunder on his or its own discretion without further approval from the Company. 

13. GOVERNING LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to conflict of law provisions. All disputes arising out of or in connection with
this Note, or in respect of any legal relationship associated with or derived from this Note, shall only be heard in any competent court
residing in Broward County, Florida. The Company agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and
may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any manner provided by law. The Company further waives any objection
to venue in any such action or proceeding on the basis of inconvenient forum. The Company agrees that any action on or proceeding brought
against the Holder shall only be brought in such courts. 

14. ATTORNEYS FEES. In the event the Holder hereof shall refer this Note to an attorney to enforce
the terms hereof, the Company agrees to pay all the costs and expenses incurred in attempting or effecting the enforcement of the Holder's
rights, including reasonable attorney's fees, whether or not suit is instituted. 

10 

15. CONFORMITY WITH LAW. It is the intention of the Company and of the Holder to conform strictly to
applicable usury and similar laws. Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, it is agreed that the aggregate
of all charges which constitute interest under applicable usury and similar laws that are contracted for, chargeable or receivable under
or in respect of this Note, shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount of interest permitted by such laws, and any excess,
whether occasioned by acceleration or maturity of this Note or otherwise, shall be canceled automatically, and if theretofore paid, shall
be either refunded to the Company or credited on the Principal Amount of this Note. 

16. WAIVER. Holder shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Note unless such waiver
is given in a dated writing signed by Holder. No delay or omission on the part of Holder in exercising any right pursuant to this Note
shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by Holder of any provision of this Note or of any rights against
any individual, entity or collateral shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of strict compliance of any other provision of this Note
by any other individual or entity. No prior waiver by Holder or course of dealing between Holder and any individual or entity collectively
constituting the Company shall constitute a waiver of any rights of Holder or of any obligations pursuant to this Note. 

17. This Note and the Services Agreement (and the warrant issued thereunder) constitute the entire agreement
between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and may not be altered or amended except by written agreement signed by the
parties. 

In witness whereof, the below parties signed and
sealed this Note as of above date written. 

CARDIFF INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 GREENTREE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 HOLDER 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel R. Thompson 
 
 By: 
 /s/ R. Chris Cottone 
 
 Name: 
 Daniel R. Thompson 
 
 Name: 
 R. Chris Cottone 
 
 Title: 
 Chairman 
 
 Title: 
 Vice President 

11 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-14.1>
 21
 cardiff_ex1401.htm
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

Exhibit
14.1 

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

1. INTRODUCTION 

This Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (this Code has been adopted by the Board of Directors (the Board of Cardiff Lexington Corporation
(together with its subsidiaries, we, us, our or the Company for its directors,
officers and other employees. As used herein, the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller, or persons performing similar functions are sometimes also referred to as the Senior Financial Officers. 

All persons subject to this
Code are expected to foster a culture of honesty, integrity, fairness, professionalism and accountability. The guiding principles in
this Code are designed to deter wrongdoing and to help us adhere to the highest level of ethical conduct in all our activities, including
our relationships with other directors, officers and other employees, and with customers, suppliers, competitors, the government, and
the public, including job candidates and our stockholders. 

2. COMPLIANCE
 WITH LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS 

We are committed to conducting
our business affairs in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. In line with our culture of accountability, each
person subject to this Code is expected to have a basic understanding of the major laws and regulations that apply to their work. If
you are unsure about a situation or practice, or applicable law, rule or regulation, please contact the Chief Financial Officer for assistance. 

While it is impractical to
list all pertinent laws in this Code, a few widely applicable legal requirements are described here: 

Insider Trading
Laws 

Using any non-public
Company information to trade in securities (e.g. buying or selling stock, including derivatives), or providing a family member, friend
or any other person with a tip about this information, could constitute insider trading. Insider trading is illegal, and
it violates this Code and our Insider Trading Policy. You should familiarize yourself with the Insider Trading Policy, which describes
company-wide measures designed to mitigate insider trading risks such as blackout periods and preclearance procedures. 

You should also remember
that complying with securities laws extends beyond the Company you should not buy or sell stock of any other company using material
non-public information you have learned about that company through the scope of your employment or otherwise. Please contact the Administrator
of the Insider Trading Policy with any specific questions about trading in securities. 

Anti-corruption
and Anti-bribery Laws 

We do not tolerate
corruption in connection with any of our business dealings. We strictly prohibit bribes, kickbacks, illegal payments and any other offer
of items of value that may improperly influence or reward any individual, whether that individual is a government official or a private
party, and whether provided directly or through a third party such as a supplier, customs broker or other agent. 

You should be careful
when you give gifts and pay for meals, entertainment or other business courtesies on behalf of the Company. Anything of value can be
considered a gift, and a gift should not be given or received unless all of the following conditions are met: (i) it is of nominal value
(less than 150); (ii) it is customary under the circumstances (cash is never customary); (iii) it is not designed to obtain special
or favored treatment; (iv) it is legal in the location and under the circumstances where given and (v) the recipient is not a government
official. The best approach to complying with this policy is to exercise good judgment gifts and other business courtesies should
not become a regular occurrence, should not be excessive in value and should not impact business objectivity. 

1 

You should be especially
careful when dealing with a governmental official. Government officials include any government employee; candidate for
public office; or employee of government-owned or -controlled companies, public international organizations, or political parties. Several
laws around the world, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, specifically prohibit offering or giving anything of value to
government officials to influence official action or to secure an improper advantage. This includes not only traditional gifts, but also
things like meals, travel, political or charitable contributions, and job offers for government officials relatives. To prevent
violations, before extending any gift or other business courtesy involving a government official, please consult our Anti-Corruption
Policy and if you still have questions, please contact the Chief Financial Officer. 

Antitrust and
Competition Laws 

You should treat
business partners, competitors and other stakeholders and decision-makers fairly. This means we should not take unfair advantage through
manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or other unfair practices. Antitrust
and competition law is a complex subject but in general these laws prohibit activities aimed at preventing or restricting free competition,
abusing intellectual property rights or using market power to unfairly disadvantage competitors. If there is a question as to the appropriateness
of a particular business decision or course of action, you should seek advice from the Chief Financial Officer. 

3. CONFLICTS
 OF INTEREST 

A conflict of interest is
any activity that is inconsistent with or opposed to our best interest, or that gives the appearance of impropriety or divided loyalty.
When considering a course of action, ask yourself whether the action you re considering could create an incentive for you, or appear
to others to create an incentive for you, to benefit yourself, your friends or family, or an associated business at the expense of the
Company. If the answer is yes, the action you re considering is likely to create a conflict of interest situation,
and you should avoid it. A common conflict of interest scenario involves business opportunities found through work, such as a product,
service, app, customer, supplier or other opportunity we may want to pursue. You may not compete with the Company, and any business opportunities
discovered through your work at the Company belong first to the Company. A few other places where conflicts of interest often arise include:
making personal investments; purchasing or selling products for personal gain; hiring, promoting or selecting contractors or vendors;
accepting outside employment, advisory roles and board seats and starting your own business; inventions; friends and relatives; workplace
relationships; and gifts, entertainment and other business courtesies. Use good judgment, and if you are unsure about a potential conflict
of interest, please consult our Related Party Transactions Policy and if you still have questions, please contact the Chief Financial
Officer. 

4. PROTECTION
 AND PROPER USE OF COMPANY ASSETS AND PERSONAL INFORMATION 

Employees use Company assets
every day, including computers, phones, software, vehicles, facilities, supplies, data and intellectual property. You should protect
these assets against loss, damage or theft and use them only for legal, appropriate reasons in accordance with Company guidelines. 

Confidential proprietary
information and intellectual property generated and gathered in our business is also a valuable Company asset. Protecting these assets
plays a vital role in our continued growth and ability to compete. Intellectual property includes copyrights, patents, trademarks, product
and package designs, brand names and logos, inventions and trade secrets. At all times, you should take precautions to protect our intellectual
property and confidential business information including not talking about or sharing information about these things in public places
or forums (such as social media). As part of our day-to-day operations, we also come into contact with the personal information of customers,
job candidates, business partners and other employees. It is critical that you keep personal information safe and follow all applicable
data privacy laws and Company policies for collecting, storing, using, sharing and disposing of personal information. Please contact
the Chief Financial Officer with any questions about privacy or data protection. 

2 

5. PUBLIC
 DISCLOSURE 

Senior Financial Officers
are responsible for ensuring that the disclosure in the Company s periodic reports is full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable.
To fulfill our legal, financial and management obligations, you should follow the Company s policies and make sure our financial
records are complete and accurate and internal controls are honored. Inaccurate financial reporting could undermine stockholder confidence,
impact our reputation and subject the Company to fines and penalties. 

6. EQUAL
 OPPORTUNITY, NON-DISCRIMINATION AND FAIR EMPLOYMENT 

We are committed to diversity
and inclusion in all aspects of our business. We do not tolerate discrimination based on characteristics such as race, sex, age, religion,
gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, pregnancy or related conditions, ancestry, marital
status, mental or physical disability, medical condition, veteran status or any other basis protected by local law. We also make all
reasonable accommodations to meet our obligations under laws protecting the rights of the disabled. Our policies are designed to ensure
that all personnel are treated, and treat each other, fairly and with respect and dignity. This applies to interactions with employees,
customers, contractors, suppliers and applicants for employment, and any other interactions where you represent the Company. 

We also have a zero-tolerance
policy on harassment, violence or any verbal or physical conduct that creates an intimidating, offensive or hostile work environment.
Any behavior or incident that violates this Code should be immediately reported to your manager, HR, the Chief Financial Officer, or
any combination thereof. We will promptly and thoroughly investigate any complaints and take appropriate action. 

7. WORKPLACE
 SAFETY 

We are committed to providing
a safe and healthy workplace. You are expected to follow all applicable health and safety rules and practices and to report accidents,
injuries and unsafe conditions, procedures, or behaviors. You are also expected to report to work in a condition to perform you duties,
free from the influence of drugs or alcohol. 

8. COMPLIANCE
 WITH THIS CODE AND REPORTING OF ANY ILLEGAL OR UNETHICAL BEHAVIOR 

All directors, officers and
other employees, as well as independent contractors, consultants and others who do business with us are expected to comply with this
Code. Failure to comply with this Code, or failure to report a violation, may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination
of employment or the end of your working relationship with the Company. You have a responsibility to speak up when you are in a situation
or are aware of a situation that you believe may violate or lead to a violation of this Code, Company policy or the law. If you have
knowledge of a possible violation, you must notify either your manager (provided your manager is not involved in the violation), HR or
the Chief Financial Officer. You can also report violations in writing to the Chief Financial Officer at ethics@cardifflexington.com.
If you would be more comfortable doing so, you may submit your reports anonymously. Your information will be shared only with those who
have a need to know, such as those involved in answering your questions or investigating and correcting issues you raise. If your report
involves accounting, internal accounting controls, finance, or auditing matters, we may be required to share such information with the
Audit Committee of the Board. We will not retaliate, and will not tolerate any kind of retaliation, for reporting a concern in good faith. 

9. WAIVERS
 AND AMENDMENTS 

Amendments to this Code must
be approved by the Board and will be promptly disclosed as required by law. Any waivers of the provisions in this Code for Senior Financial
Officers may only be granted by the Board and will be promptly disclosed as required by law. 

3 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 22
 cardiff_ex2101.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of 
 Organization 
 
 Percentage of Ownership 
 
 Nova Ortho and Spine, PLLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 100 
 
 Platinum Tax Defenders 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 
 
 Edge View Properties, Inc. 
 
 Idaho 
 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 23
 cardiff_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Alex Cunningham, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cardiff Lexington Corporation; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 6, 2023 

/s/ Alex Cunningham 

Alex Cunningham 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 24
 cardiff_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Zia Choe, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cardiff Lexington Corporation; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 6, 2023 

/s/ Zia Choe 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 25
 cardiff_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Executive
Officer of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on June 6, 2023. 

/s/ Alex Cunningham 

Alex Cunningham 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Cardiff Lexington Corporation and will be retained by Cardiff Lexington Corporation and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 26
 cardiff_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Interim
Chief Financial Officer of Cardiff Lexington Corporation (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on June 6, 2023. 

/s/ Zia Choe 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Cardiff Lexington Corporation and will be retained by Cardiff Lexington Corporation and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 30
 cdif-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 32
 cdif-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 33
 cdif-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 34
 cdif-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

