<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230519_10-K_edgar_data_866374_0000866374-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15918992</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>376792</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2444875</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5430972</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3841054</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3561398</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000866374-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20230519
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230519154232
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000866374-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230519
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230519

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLEX LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866374
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARDS [3672]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			U0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23354
		FILM NUMBER:		23939795

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 CHANGI SOUTH LANE
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			486123
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(65) 6876-9899

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 CHANGI SOUTH LANE
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			486123

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLEXTRONICS INTERNATIONAL LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940318

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLEX HOLDINGS PTE LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000866374-23-000028.txt : 20230519

10-K
 1
 flex-20230331.htm
 10-K

flex-20230331 
 
 Use these links to rapidly review the document 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 Or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Not Applicable (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of registrant's principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report . 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of September 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Company's ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based upon the closing sale price as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at May 12, 2023 Ordinary Shares, No Par Value 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

1 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 35 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 97 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 99 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 99 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 99 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 99 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 99 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 99 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 99 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 100 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 100 
 Exhibit Index 
 100 
 Signatures 
 104 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Except for historical information contained herein, certain matters included in this annual report on Form 10-K are, or may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. The words "will," "may," "designed to," "believe," "should," "anticipate," "plan," "expect," "intend," "estimate" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report. These forward-looking statements are contained principally under Item 1, "Business," and under Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Because these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from the expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements include those described in Item 1A, "Risk Factors" and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." In addition, new risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors or to assess the impact of such risk factors on our business. Given these risks and uncertainties, the reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
 Unless otherwise specifically stated, references in this report to "Flex," the "Company," "we," "us," "our" and similar terms mean Flex Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Flex is the diversified manufacturing partner of choice that helps market-leading brands design, build and deliver innovative products that improve the world. Through the collective strength of a global workforce across approximately 30 countries with responsible, sustainable operations, Flex supports the entire product lifecycle with advanced manufacturing solutions and operates one of the most trusted global supply chains. The Company also provides additional value to customers through a broad array of services, including design and engineering, component services, rapid prototyping, fulfillment, and circular economy solutions. Flex supports a diverse set of industries including cloud, communications, enterprise, automotive, industrial, consumer devices, lifestyle, healthcare, and energy. As of March 31, 2023, Flex's three operating and reportable segments were as follows: 
 Flex Agility Solutions ("FAS"), which is comprised of the following end markets: 
 Communications, Enterprise and Cloud ("CEC") , including data infrastructure, edge infrastructure and communications infrastructure 
 Lifestyle , including appliances, consumer packaging, floorcare, micro mobility and audio 
 Consumer Devices , including mobile and high velocity consumer devices. 
 Flex Reliability Solutions ("FRS"), which is comprised of the following end markets: 
 Automotive , including next generation mobility, autonomous, connectivity, electrification, and smart technologies 
 Health Solutions , including medical devices, medical equipment, and drug delivery 
 Industrial , including capital equipment, industrial devices, and renewables and grid edge. 
 Nextracker, the leading provider of intelligent, integrated solar tracker and software solutions that are used in utility-scale and ground-mounted distributed generation solar projects around the world. Nextracker's products enable solar panels to follow the sun s movement across the sky and optimize plant performance. 
 On February 13, 2023, the Company s subsidiary, Nextracker Inc. ("Nextracker"), completed its initial public offering (the IPO of 30,590,000 shares of its Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Nextracker Common Stock ), which included the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase 3,990,000 additional shares of Nextracker Common Stock at the public offering price of 24.00 per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. Prior to the IPO, Nextracker was a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Flex. Upon the closing of the IPO, Flex beneficially owned 61.4 of the total outstanding shares of Nextracker s capital stock, including both Class A common stock and Class B common stock, voting as a single class. We continue to consolidate and present Nextracker as a segment subsequent to the IPO. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The FAS segment is optimized for speed to market, based on a highly flexible supply and manufacturing system. The FRS segment is optimized for longer product lifecycles requiring complex ramps with specialized production models and critical environments. Nextracker provides solar tracker technologies that optimize and increase energy production while reducing costs for significant plant return on investment. 
 Our customers include many of the world's leading technology, healthcare, automotive, and industrial companies. We are focused on establishing long-term relationships with our customers and have been successful in expanding relationships to incorporate additional product lines and services. 
 In fiscal year 2023, our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 34 of net sales. No customer accounted for greater than 10 of the Company's net sales in fiscal year 2023. 
 Flex believes that growth in the contract manufacturing services industry will be driven by increased complexities in products, markets, and environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") requirements. The Digitization of Everything is the mega-trend that is driving products and even whole industries to be smarter, more data-driven, and more connected. To make these next generation products, companies must integrate increasingly advanced technologies and build them at scale. Additionally, with regards to Nextracker, we believe that both the attractive cost of solar generation and increasing demand for renewable energy will drive continued growth in the utility-scale solar market. 
 In addition to the pandemic, rising global uncertainty over the past few years including trade and tariff issues, increasing geopolitical unrest, and severe labor shortages are creating further complexity. Companies are rethinking their entire production strategies. We are seeing a global rebalancing in sourcing and producing to maximize resiliency and decrease time to market. Sustainability is no longer an afterthought. Businesses are being held to a much higher standard for how and where their products are sourced and produced, and, increasingly, how they are disposed. 
 These complexities are making it harder for companies to manage their own supply chains and manufacturing operations. They are looking for trusted partners to help them navigate this complex environment. We believe that only a few outsourcing providers have the right capabilities and scale to meet these challenges effectively and profitably. Flex is one of these partners. 
 
 STRATEGY 
 Flex helps its customers responsibly design and build products that create value and improve people s lives. We do this by providing our customers with product development lifecycle services, from innovation, design, and engineering, to manufacturing, supply chain solutions, component services, logistics, fulfillment and circular economy offerings. Flex s strategy is to continue investing in areas where we can differentiate and add value, whether through engineering and design services, product technologies or developing differentiated processes and business methods. We are strengthening our abilities in software, robotics, artificial intelligence, factory automation, simulation, digital twins, and other disruptive technologies. We select ethical partners and integrate the supply chain so that our customers can operate efficiently and responsibly. We are committed to investing in our employees and communities, which includes addressing critical environmental issues. 
 People . To maintain competitiveness and world-class capabilities, we focus on hiring and retaining the world's best talent. We have focused on attracting the best engineering, functional and operational leaders and have accelerated efforts to develop the future leaders of the Company. 
 Customer Focus . We believe that building strong partnerships with our customers and delivering on our commitments strengthens trust and customer retention. For Flex, customers come first, and we have a relentless focus on delivering distinctive products and services in a cost-effective manner with fast time to market. We are highly collaborative and leverage our global system and processes to operate with speed and responsiveness to provide customers a reliable and resilient supply chain and responsible manufacturing technology solutions and services. 
 Markets . We focus on companies that are leaders in their industry and value our superior capabilities in design, manufacturing, and supply chain services. Flex focuses on high-growth industries and markets where we have distinctive competence and a compelling value proposition. Examples include investments in specific technologies and industries such as healthcare, automotive, industrial, and energy. Our market-focused approach to managing our business increases customers' competitiveness by leveraging our deep vertical and cross-industry expertise, as well as global scale, regional presence, and agility to respond to changes in market dynamics. 
 Operations . We continue to invest in maintaining a leadership position in our world-class manufacturing and services capabilities including automation, simulation tools, digitizing our factories, and implementing leading edge Industry 4.0 methodologies. We leverage our broad set of capabilities globally to provide a competitive advantage by minimizing logistics costs, manufacturing costs, and cycle times while increasing flexibility and responsiveness. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SERVICE OFFERINGS 
 Flex provides design, manufacturing and supply chain services through a network of over 100 locations in approximately 30 countries across four continents. We have established global scale through an extensive network of innovation labs, manufacturing operations, and services sites in the world's major consumer and enterprise products markets (Asia, the Americas, and Europe) to serve the supply chain needs of both multinational and regional companies. 
 We believe we have the broadest worldwide product development lifecycle solutions in the industry, from concept design to manufacturing to aftermarket and end of life services. We believe our key competitive advantages are our people, processes, and capabilities for making products, systems, and solutions for customers: 
 Time to market advantage : Our sophisticated supply chain management tools and expertise allow us to provide customers with access to real-time information that increases visibility and reduces risk throughout the entire product lifecycle. Our experience with new product introductions and manufacturing ramps provides customers with a time to market advantage. 
 Broad range of services : Our full range of services include innovation and design, engineering, manufacturing, supply chain management, component services, forward and reverse logistics, fulfillment, and circular economy solutions. Our deep cross-industry knowledge and multi-domain expertise accelerate the production of complex products for increasingly interconnected industries. 
 Global and regional scale : Flex s physical infrastructure includes over 100 facilities in approximately 30 countries, staffed by approximately 172,000 employees, providing customers with truly global scale and strategic geographic distribution capabilities to meet their market needs. 
 We offer global economies of scale in advanced materials and technology sourcing, manufacturing and after-market services, as well as market-focused expertise and capabilities in design and engineering. As a result of extensive experience in specific markets, we have developed a deep understanding of complex market dynamics, giving us the ability to anticipate trends that impact customers' businesses. Our expertise can help improve customers' market positioning by effectively adjusting product plans and roadmaps to efficiently and cost-effectively deliver high quality products that meet their geographic and time to market requirements. 
 Our services include all processes necessary to design, build, ship, and service a wide range of products for customers. These services include: 
 Design and Engineering Services . Across all of the key industries and markets in which Flex does business, the Company offers industry-leading global design services, with extensive product design engineering resources that provide design services, product development, systems integration services, and solutions to satisfy a wide array of customer requirements, including: 
 System architecture; 
 User interface and industrial design; 
 Cross-industry technologies; 
 Hardware design; 
 Software integration; and 
 Design for excellence. 
 Flex has established state-of-the art innovation hubs in the Americas, Asia and Europe, with differentiated offerings and specialized services in emerging technologies from edge AI and connectivity to sensors integration for specific industries and markets. These innovation hubs offer customers geographically-focused centers of design services, help customers de-risk technologies, develop products from concept to volume production and go to market in a rapid, cost effective and low risk manner. 
 Flex is exposed to different and, in some cases greater, potential liabilities from the various design services we provide than those we typically face in our core assembly and manufacturing services. See "Risk Factors The success of certain of our activities depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; claims of infringement or misuse of intellectual property and/or breach of license agreement provisions against our customers or us could harm our business ." 
 Systems Assembly and Manufacturing . Our systems assembly and manufacturing operations generate the majority of our revenues and include printed circuit board assembly and assembly of systems and subsystems that incorporate printed circuit 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 boards and complex electromechanical components. We assemble electronic products with custom electronic enclosures on either a build-to-order or configure-to-order basis. As customers seek to provide greater functionality in physically smaller products, they increasingly require more sophisticated manufacturing technologies and processes. Our investment in advanced manufacturing equipment and our expertise in innovative miniaturization, packaging and interconnective technologies enable us to offer a variety of leading-edge manufacturing solutions. We support a wide range of product demand profiles, from low-volume, high-complexity programs, to high-volume production. Our systems assembly and manufacturing capabilities include enclosures, testing services, and materials procurement and inventory management. 
 Power Solutions . We offer a full-service power supply business that provides a range of solutions from custom to highly scalable system solutions. We have expertise in high efficiency and high-density switching power supplies ranging from 1 to 3,000 watts. Our product portfolio includes chargers for smartphones and tablets, adapters for notebooks and gaming systems, and power supplies for the server, storage, and networking markets. The Flex company, Anord Mardix, offers an extensive product portfolio of critical power solutions including switchgear, busway, power distribution and modular power systems, along with monitoring solutions and services. This portfolio combined with our embedded power, server and storage products, racks and enclosures and full systems assembly capability provides the opportunity for growth in the data center market. 
 Solar Tracker and Software Solutions. Nextracker is the leading provider of intelligent, integrated solar tracker and software solutions used in utility-scale and ground-mounted distributed generation solar projects around the world. Nextracker's products enable solar panels in utility-scale power plants to follow the sun s movement across the sky and optimize plant performance. By optimizing and increasing energy production and reducing costs, Nextracker's tracker products and software solutions offer significant return on investment ROI ). Single axis solar trackers generate up to 25 more energy than projects that use fixed-tilt systems that do not track the sun. Nextracker has developed an intelligent independent row tracking system with proprietary technology that we believe produces more energy, lowers operating costs, and is easier to deploy compared to other tracker products. Nextracker's tightly-integrated software solutions use advanced algorithms and artificial intelligence technologies to optimize the performance and capabilities of its tracker products. 
 Global Services and Solutions. By delivering value-added fulfillment, logistics, repair, refurbishment, recycling services and circular economy solutions, Flex Global Services and Solutions empowers customers to find the optimal route to market, deliver a seamless customer experience and build a sustainable, scalable competitive advantage. Our customers are enabled to maximize operational resiliency thanks to the breadth of our global scale, strategic insights and extensive visibility. The Company's suite of services is tailored to customers operating in the computing, consumer digital, infrastructure, industrial, mobile, automotive and healthcare industries. 
 Circular Economy Solutions . We offer a suite of integrated reverse logistics, repair and refurbishment solutions that use globally consistent processes, which help increase our customers' brand loyalty by improving turnaround times and raising end-customer satisfaction levels while significantly reducing the carbon footprint for our customers. Our reverse logistics and repair solutions include returns management, exchange programs, complex repair, asset recovery, recycling and e-waste management. We provide repair expertise to multiple product lines such as consumer and midrange products, printers, smart phones, consumer medical devices, notebook personal computers, set-top boxes, game consoles and highly complex infrastructure products. 
 Component Services. We provide manufacturing, customization, procurement, global logistics services and innovative supply chain solutions on a wide range of electronic components by utilizing the Flex global procurement and supply chain ecosystem to increase resiliency. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 The contract manufacturing services market is extremely competitive. Flex competes against numerous domestic and foreign manufacturing service providers, as well as current and prospective customers, who evaluate our capabilities in light of their own capabilities and cost structures. 
 In recent years, we have seen an increased level of diversification by many companies in the technology, automotive and healthcare industries along with the convergence of many industries being transformed by technology advances. Digitization and increasingly complex products require highly customized solutions, in turn resulting in significant changes to the overall manufacturing and supply chain landscape. 
 We believe the principal competitive factors in the contract manufacturing services market are quality and range of services; design and technological capabilities; cost; location of sites; sustainability; and responsiveness and flexibility. We believe we are extremely competitive with regard to all of these factors. 
 We also compete in the solar industry with Nextracker's specialized tracker solutions and we believe the principal factors that drive competition in this market include established track record of product performance; system energy yield; software 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 capabilities; product features; total cost of ownership and return on investment; reliability; customer support; product warranty terms; services; supply chain and logistics capabilities; and vendor financial strength and stability. We believe Nextracker is extremely competitive with regard to all of these factors. 
 
 COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS 
 We continuously enhance our business through the development and expansion of our product and service offerings. We strive to maintain the efficiency and flexibility of the organization, with repeatable execution that adapts to macro-economic changes to provide clear value to customers, while increasing their competitiveness. We have a focused strategy on delivering value to customers through manufacturing technology, a trusted supply chain, a broad array of services, and domain expertise. 
 Global Scale and Regional Strength . We believe our global scale and regional capabilities are a significant competitive advantage, as customers increasingly require a broad range of manufacturing and supply chain services and solutions globally. Increasingly, customers are exploring transitioning to regional-based supply chains to enhance resiliency, take advantage of time to market and specific customization required to win in those markets. Our global expertise, footprint and diverse supply chain network provide customers with the ability to quickly adjust to changing regional, trade and manufacturing dynamics. We have a very balanced global manufacturing footprint with 38 of net sales in North America, 22 in China, 20 in Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"), and 20 in other areas for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (with net sales attributable to the country in which the product is manufactured, or service is provided). 
 Trusted Resilient Supply Chain . We offer one of the most trusted and resilient global supply chain services through a combination of digital supply chain capabilities, deep expertise, real time visibility and analytics, and collaborative supplier relationships to help customers navigate complex, global supply chains. 
 Long-Standing, Diverse Customer Relationships . We believe our long-term relationships with key customers are the result of our track record of meeting commitments and delivering value that increases customers' competitiveness. We serve a wide range of customers a cross six reporting units within the FAS and FRS segments in addition to our Nextracker business. No customer accounts for more than 10 of our annual revenue and the ten largest accounted for 34 of the Company s net sales in fiscal year 2023. We believe we are well-positioned to grow faster than the industry average. 
 Cross-Industry Synergies . One of our competitive strengths is our ability to leverage technology from one industry and apply it to a different application within another industry. Examples include hyperscale datacenters, electrification and next generation mobility, human machine interface, and internet of things ("IoT"). These cross-industry synergies give our customers access to technology they would not otherwise have. 
 Industrial Parks; Cost-Efficient Manufacturing Services. We have developed self-contained industrial parks that co-locate manufacturing and logistics operations with our suppliers in various cost-efficient locations. These sites enhance supply chain management efficiency, while providing multi-technology solution value for customers. 
 Innovative and Reliable Tracker Solutions. Nextracker's solar trackers provide high levels of performance and operability and improve over time through software enhancements when coupled with our software solutions. The benefits of Nextracker's solutions include increased energy yield performance, superior constructability, reliability, ease of maintenance, and advanced software and sensor capabilities. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 Culture underlies our stakeholder experience. Our values are intended to reflect and guide our behaviors and shape our culture. We endeavor for our values-driven culture to align us as we pursue our purpose, uphold our mission, live our values, advance toward our vision, and activate our strategy. 
 In support of cultivating an inclusive, high-performing culture with our workforce, we continued to proliferate our Ways of Working, four specific behaviors that bring our values to life through actions, provide a framework for how we make decisions, and support ongoing progress on our Flex Forward strategy. The purpose of these behaviors is to enable us to put our culture into practice and provide an accountability system through training and development as well as performance management systems to ensure our desired behaviors become a part of our everyday working norms. In 2022, we refreshed our leadership competencies to provide a common language and framework for our people leaders throughout the organization as it relates to leadership expectations, behaviors and skills necessary to lead the business and our people. Building on our vision, mission, values, and Ways of Working, we use this framework to assess, hire, train, and nurture our talent to develop the skills necessary for our ongoing success. 
 How we live our values defines our culture: 
 We support each other as we strive to find a better way. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We move fast with discipline and purpose. 
 We do the right thing always. 
 We bring our values to life through four behaviors: 
 1. Respect and value others. 
 2. Collaborate and share openly. 
 3. Learn and adapt. 
 4. Honor commitments. 
 Our leadership competency framework includes three key elements of leadership to help leaders guide and develop our teams and execute on our strategy: 
 People: Building and developing our people. 
 Strategy: Defining and driving our strategy. 
 Results: Executing and delivering results. 
 We believe that the performance of our Company is impacted by our human capital management, and as a result we consistently work to attract, select, develop, engage and retain strong, diverse talent. Our policies, philosophy and strategies support the inclusion of all people in our working environment. Further, we are committed to respecting the human rights of our employees and improving their quality of life. 
 The Company's vision, mission, purpose, and value statements aim to cultivate an inclusive, high-performing culture where employees are empowered and given opportunities to reach their full potential. We are committed to providing a positive and safe workplace for Flex employees, respecting their dignity, creating an inclusive environment, and ensuring access to opportunity. We recognize that we have an opportunity to promote and support a culture of inclusion and diversity, wellness, and health and safety among our employees. This year, we continued our culture initiative to create common language, expectations and behaviors through rollouts of training on our Ways of Working to all sites globally. We supported our leaders globally through quarterly training and team discussions to continue to build an understanding of not only our Ways of Working but also important new leadership expectations and inclusion practices. 
 Employees. As of March 31, 2023, our global workforce totaled approximately 172,000 employees including our contractor workforce. In certain international locations, our employees are represented by labor unions and by work councils. 
 Region: Number of Employees Americas 69,755 Asia 68,454 Europe 33,899 Total 172,108 
 Well-being, Health, and Safety . Flex is committed to providing a safe and injury-free workplace. We provide programs and tools to improve physical, mental, financial, and social well-being. Our programs give access to a variety of innovative, flexible, and convenient health and wellness programs for our global employees, including on-site health centers in some of our major factories and providing 100 of employees access to emotional and mental health programs. 
 We promote a zero-injury culture through health and safety management systems, some of which are certified ISO 45001:2018, that implement a data-driven and risk-based approach in monitoring and reporting performance regularly. Some of the specific goals for which we measure our performance include increasing employee development, social and environmental management system audits, human rights policy training completion, Responsible Business Alliance ("RBA") compliance for rest day requirements and decreasing safety incident rates. 
 In response to the remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, we continued our contingency and resiliency plans that are encompassed in our business continuity programs. We continued to enhance health and safety measures across all facilities, as our foremost focus remains the health and safety of our employees. We continuously monitored site risks and calibrated practices and protocols accordingly such as personal protective equipment, sanitization measures, temperature checks, and 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 social distancing. These measures enabled us to continue to conduct operations throughout the pandemic and have been recognized by several governments as a role model for employee safety. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion . Diversity, equity and inclusion are key priorities and strengths at Flex and are embedded in the fabric of our culture. Our commitment to diversity is exemplified by the composition of our Board of which three of eleven directors are female and three of eleven directors are ethnically diverse. 
 In 2022, we continued our progress on improving diversity, equity and inclusion through employee programs. Our employee resources groups ("ERGs") work to create a community that fosters belonging, builds cultural awareness, and develops a new generation of diverse leaders at Flex by establishing a sustainable structure with executive support that challenges bias and promotes unity. With over 15,000 members, the Company maintains ERG chapters worldwide across seven identities: Asian and Pacific Islander, Black, LatinX, LGBTQ+, People with Disabilities, Women, and Veterans. As of March 2023, our Women in Flex and Women in Tech ERGs merged to form EmpowHER, an ERG focused on developing and retaining women talent. Our ERGs help to create a sense of community, and support retention and attraction. Each ERG has an executive sponsor and is supported by senior leaders across the Company. The Company also held cultural awareness activities throughout the year to highlight specific groups including People with DiversAbilities Awareness Weeks, Black History Month, Asian Pacific Heritage Month, PRIDE Month, LatinX Heritage Month, and Women s History Month. 
 In partnership with McKinsey, we continued to offer leadership development opportunities through their Management Accelerator and Executive Leadership Program to 45 Asian, 42 Black and 37 LatinX employees. We also continued SheLeads, our global leadership development program for women employees, offered leadership coaching and mentoring to over 100 gender and ethnically diverse leaders, and continued to implement on-demand inclusion training offerings. We also provided self-service tools and training on diversity, equity, and inclusion practices to help employees build self-awareness, empathy and cultural competency, embrace inclusivity and improve diversity in recruiting. Furthermore, we leveraged external community partnerships with organizations such as Catalyst, the Business Roundtable, the National Society of Black Engineers NSBE and Women in Electronics to amplify our impact in recruiting and retaining diverse talent. 
 As of March 31, 2023, women represent 44 of our global employees, and underrepresented minorities (those who identify as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American, Asian and Pacific Islander and/or two or more races) represent 49 of our U.S. employees. Approximately 20 of our executive team and approximately 22 of our leadership team (director level and above) are female. Approximately 22 of our executive team and approximately 32 of our U.S. leadership team (director level and above) are comprised of underrepresented minorities. 
 We continued efforts in support of our corporate goals to increase the number of employees and leaders from underrepresented groups and are focused on evolving strategies and programs to help improve representation and better hire, retain and promote diversity across the organization. Additionally, we remain committed to parity in pay and opportunity. 
 Talent Attraction, Development, and Retention . Talent attraction, development, and retention are critical to our success and core to our mission as a company. To support the advancement of our employees, we provide training and development programs and opportunities encouraging advancement from within as well as continue to fill our team with strong and experienced external talent. We leverage both formal and informal programs, including in-person, virtual, social and self-directed learning, mentoring, coaching, and external development to identify, foster, and retain top talent. Employees have access to courses through our learning and development plat form , Flex Learn. In 2022, our employees completed more than five million hours of training programs. 
 We are also focused on completing talent and performance reviews. Our in-depth talent reviews serve to identify high potential talent to advance in roles with greater responsibility, assess learning and development needs, and establish and refresh succession plans for critical leadership roles across the enterprise. In calendar year 2022, we updated our performance ratings to allow for more differentiation and clear performance feedback and also integrated our values and Ways of Working into our performance assessment process. Our performance review process promotes transparent communication of team member performance, which we believe is a key factor in our success. The performance and the talent reviews enable ongoing assessments, reviews, and mentoring to identify career development and learning opportunities for our employees. 
 As a part of our efforts to improve employee experiences at Flex, we conduct the annual enterprise-wide employee engagement Flex Voice survey. Our leadership uses the results of the survey to continue developing our strengths and identify and take action on opportunities for improvement. This year 88 of employees completed the Flex Voice survey and the results reflected increased enthusiasm and engagement. 
 Compensation and Benefits . Our total rewards are designed to attract, motivate and retain employees. Our compensation philosophy is driven by the desire to attract and retain top talent, while ensuring that compensation aligns with our corporate financial objectives and the long-term interests of our shareholders. Our pay structures offer competitive salaries, bonuses, and equity awards in the countries where we operate. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 In each of the countries where we have operations, our comprehensive benefit plans offer a locally competitive mix of some or all of the following: medical, dental and vision insurance, short and long-term disability, flexible spending accounts, various types of voluntary coverage, and other benefit programs. We routinely benchmark our salaries and benefits against market peers to ensure our total rewards package remains competitive. 
 Board Oversight of Human Capital Management . The Compensation and People Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for assisting the Board in oversight of our human capital management, including among other aspects, receiving periodic updates (not less than twice annually) regarding, and overseeing any significant change to our human capital management strategy including, corporate culture, diversity and inclusion, pay and opportunity equity, social initiatives and results, talent attraction training, development and retention programs. 
 Additional Human Capital Management Information . Additional information regarding human capital management will be included in our proxy statement filed in connection with our 2023 Annual General Meeting and our upcoming sustainability report. The information in the sustainability report is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference. 
 
 SUSTAINABILITY 
 At Flex, our sustainability journey began in 2002 with the creation of the Flex Foundation. For 20 years, sustainability has been integrated into the fabric of our company, a key area of differentiation for Flex. In 2021, we refreshed our sustainability strategy with a new framework and joined the Science Based Targets initiative, a global movement comprised of leading companies working to reach the Paris Agreement s goal of limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 C above preindustrial levels. Our sustainability framework is centered on the world, our people and our approach to business practices. Through our 2030 goals, we are committed to reducing our environmental impact, advancing a safe, inclusive and respectful work environment for our employees, investing in our communities, partnering with our customers and suppliers to help mitigate value chain emissions, and driving ESG-focused practices with transparency. In 2022, we announced our commitment to reach net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2040, strengthening our climate action efforts. 
 Our strategy and global efforts, through our sustainability programs and multi-year objectives, are aligned with the principles set forth in the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs"). For the last three years, we were named an Advanced member of the United Nations Global Compact ("UNGC"), the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative, showcasing our commitment to integrate sustainability throughout our company and across our entire supply chain. Our 2030 sustainability strategy includes our most ambitious goals to date and spans several environmental, social, and governance pillars. Several goals of note include cutting operational emissions in half, collaborating with customers and suppliers to reduce value chain emissions, increasing gender representation at the director-level and above, providing access to mental health and well-being services to all employees, and maintaining top quartile performance for governance and transparency. The Flex Social and Environmental framework is based upon the principles, policies, and standards prescribed by the RBA, a worldwide association of electronics companies committed to promoting an industry code of conduct to improve working and environmental, health and safety conditions, as well as other relevant international standards (e.g., ISO 14001, United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights). 
 During calendar year 2022, we received several awards and accolades for our sustainability program and efforts including Manufacturing Leadership Awards and Business Intelligence Group's Sustainability Initiative of the Year. In addition, we received Cisco's Excellence in Sustainability Award for distinguishing ourselves as visionaries and collaborators in the social and environmental space. 
 Through the Flex Foundation, we work with nonprofits, community leaders and governments to promote inclusive and sustainable economic growth, employment, and decent work for all. We help protect the environment, support resource conservation and provide disaster relief. We accomplish this through grants, corporate and employee donations, and volunteerism. In calendar year 2022, the Flex Foundation partnered with several organizations, including the American Red Cross, Amity Foundation, and the Hispanic Foundation of Silicon Valley, among others, and provided nearly 771 thousand in grant support to 38 local projects in 16 countries, four regional projects to support well-known organizations, including Give2Asia and Save the Children, and several NGOs that support minorities and the environment, globally. 
 Flex is committed to transparency in sustainability reporting. The Company has adhered to the Global Reporting Initiative since 2013 and has published an annual sustainability report each year since 2016. In 2022, we maintained our AA rating from Morgan Stanley Capital International ("MSCI"), and strong marks from CDP (formally known as Carbon Disclosure Project) for water security and climate change, receiving an A and A- respectively. The Company also aligned its sustainability report to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board framework. In addition, the Company produced its first Task force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report in 2022. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 More detailed information can be found in the Flex annual sustainability report located at https://flex.com/company/our-sustainability. The information in the sustainability report and on our sustainability webpage is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS AND CLIMATE CHANGE 
 Our operations, including past and present business operations as well as past and present ownership of real property, are subject to extensive and changing federal, state, local and international environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, concerning, among other things, the health and safety of our employees, the generation, use, storage, transportation, discharge and disposal of certain materials (including chemicals and hazardous materials) used in or derived from our operations, emissions or discharge of substances including pollutants into the air and water, and the investigation and remediation of contaminated sites. We have implemented processes and procedures aimed to ensure that our operations comply with all applicable environmental regulations. 
 We also comply with an increasing number of regulations concerning product safety and stewardship, packaging and labeling as well as product environmental compliance regulations focused on the restriction of certain hazardous substances, including: 
 Restrictions on Hazardous Substances RoHS 2011/65/EU 
 Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment WEEE 2012/19/EU directives 
 The regulation EC 1907/2006 EU Directive REACH Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals 
 China's RoHS entitled, Management Methods Caused by Controlling Pollution for Electronic Information Products EIPs 
 Moreover, climate change and other ESG-related laws, regulations, treaties, and similar initiatives and programs are being adopted and implemented throughout the world, many of which we will be required to comply with. As described above, we are committed to maintaining compliance with ESG-related laws applicable to our operations, products, and services. 
 We do not believe that costs of compliance with these environmental laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, operating results, or competitive position. In addition, we are responsible for cleanup of contamination at some of our current and former manufacturing facilities and at some third-party sites. We engage environmental consulting firms to assist us in the evaluation of environmental liabilities associated with our ongoing operations, historical disposal activities, and closed sites in order to establish appropriate accruals in our financial statements. We determine the amount of our accruals for environmental matters by analyzing and estimating the probability of occurrence and the reasonable possibility of incurring costs in light of information currently available. 
 Compliance with environmental laws and regulations, including those concerning climate change and other ESG-related matters, requires continuing management efforts by the Company. The imposition of more stringent standards or requirements under these laws or regulations, the results of future testing and analysis undertaken by us at our operating facilities, or a determination that we are potentially responsible for the release of hazardous substances at other sites could result in expenditures in excess of amounts currently estimated to be required for such matters. Additionally, we could be required to alter our operations in order to comply with any new standards or requirements under environmental laws or regulations. There can be no assurance that additional environmental matters will not arise in the future or that costs will not be incurred with respect to sites as to which no issue is currently known. 
 Our business requires close collaboration with our customers and suppliers to mitigate risks of non-compliance with these laws and regulations. We have developed rigorous compliance programs designed to meet the needs and specifications of our customers as well as applicable regulations. These programs vary from collecting compliance or material data from our Flex controlled or managed suppliers to full laboratory testing. We include compliance requirements in our standard supplier contracts. Non-compliance could result in significant costs and/or penalties. 
 RoHS and other similar legislation ban or restrict the use of lead, mercury and certain other specified substances in electronics products and WEEE requires European Union ("EU") importers and/or producers to assume responsibility for the collection, recycling and management of waste electronic products and components. In the case of WEEE, although the compliance responsibility rests primarily with the EU importers and/or producers rather than with electronic manufacturing services ("EMS") companies, original equipment manufacturers ("OEM") may turn to EMS companies for assistance in meeting their WEEE obligations. Flex continues to monitor developments related to product environmental compliance and is working with our customers and other technical organizations to anticipate and minimize impacts to our operations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to the discussion in "Risk Factors" for further details of the legal and regulatory initiatives related to environmental matters including climate change that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 We own or license various United States and foreign patents relating to a variety of technologies. For certain of our proprietary processes, inventions, and works of authorship, we rely on trade secret or copyright protection. We also maintain trademark rights (including registrations) for our corporate name and several other trademarks and service marks that we use in our business in the United States and other countries throughout the world. We have implemented appropriate policies and procedures (including both technological means and training programs for our employees) to identify and protect our intellectual property, as well as that of our customers and suppliers. As of March 31, 2023, and 2022, the carrying value of our intellectual property was not material. 
 Although we believe that our intellectual property assets and licenses are sufficient for the operation of our business as we currently conduct it, from time to time third parties assert patent infringement claims against us or our customers. In addition, we provide design and engineering services to our customers and also design and make our own products. As a consequence of these activities, our customers are sometimes requiring us to take responsibility for intellectual property to a greater extent than in our manufacturing and assembly businesses. If and when third parties make assertions regarding the ownership or right to use intellectual property, we could be required to either enter into licensing arrangements or to resolve the issue through litigation. Such license rights might not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, and any such litigation might not be resolved in our favor. Additionally, litigation could be lengthy and costly and could materially harm our financial condition regardless of the outcome. We also could be required to incur substantial costs to redesign a product or re-perform design services. See "Risk Factors - The success of certain of our activities depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; claims of infringement or misuse of intellectual property and/or breach of license agreement provisions against our customers or us could harm our business. " 
 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Our Internet address is https://www.flex.com. We make available, free of charge, through our Internet website the Company's annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other filings with the SEC. 
 We were incorporated in the Republic of Singapore in May 1990. Our principal corporate office is located at 2 Changi South Lane, Singapore 486123. Our U.S. corporate headquarters is located at 12455 Research Boulevard, Austin, TX 78759. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 These statements reflect management s current beliefs, assumptions and expectations and are subject to a number of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially. Such factors include but are not limited to: 
 Weak global economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, currency volatility, slower growth or recession, higher interest rates, geopolitical uncertainty (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine) and instability in financial markets may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and access to capital markets. 
 We depend on industries that continually produce technologically advanced products with short product lifecycles and our business would be adversely affected if our customers' products are not successful or if our customers lose market share. 
 Our customers may cancel their orders, change production quantities or locations, or delay production, and our current and potential customers may decide to manufacture some or all of their products internally, which could harm our business. 
 Our industry is extremely competitive; if we are not able to continue to provide competitive products and services, we may lose business. 
 A significant percentage of our sales comes from a small number of customers and a decline in sales to any of these customers could adversely affect our business. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We have been and continue to be adversely affected by supply chain issues, including shortages of required electronic components, fluctuations in the pricing or availability of raw materials, and logistical constraints. 
 We conduct operations in a number of countries and are subject to the risks inherent in international operations. 
 Our components business is dependent on our ability to quickly launch world-class component products, and our investment in the development of our component capabilities, together with the start-up and integration costs necessary to achieve quick launches of world-class component products, has in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our margins and profitability. 
 Our exposure to financially troubled customers or suppliers may adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our margins and profitability have in the past been, and may in the future be, adversely affected due to substantial investments, start-up and production ramp costs in our design services. 
 If we do not effectively manage changes in our operations, our business may be harmed; we have taken substantial restructuring charges in the past and we may need to take material restructuring charges in the future. 
 A breach of our IT or physical security systems, or violation of data privacy laws, may cause us to incur significant legal and financial exposure and disrupt our operations. 
 We are subject to the risk of increased income taxes. 
 We are subject to risks relating to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to risks associated with changes in laws, regulations or policies that may adversely impact our business, including environmental protection laws and regulations, including those related to climate change. 
 Our strategic relationships with major customers create risks. 
 We may not achieve some or all of the intended or anticipated benefits of Nextracker being a separate, publicly-traded company, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The success of certain of our activities depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; claims of infringement or misuse of intellectual property and/or breach of license agreement provisions against our customers or us could harm our business. 
 We may not meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes for medical devices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are subject to physical and operational risks from natural disasters, severe weather events, and climate change. 
 If our products or components contain defects, demand for our services may decline, our reputation may be damaged, and we may be exposed to product liability and product warranty liability. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may in the future again have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 Our customers may cancel their orders, change production quantities or locations, or delay production, any of which could harm our business; the short-term nature of our customers commitments and rapid changes in demand have in the past caused, and may in the future, cause supply chain and other issues which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Cancellations, reductions, or delays by a significant customer or by a group of customers have harmed, and may in the future harm, our results of operations by reducing the volumes of products we manufacture and deliver for those customers, by causing a delay in the repayment of our expenditures for inventory in preparation for customer orders and/or our possession of excess or obsolete inventory that we may not be able to sell to customers or third parties which may result in an impairment loss for inventory, and by lowering our asset utilization and overhead absorption resulting in lower gross margins and earnings. 
 As a provider of design and manufacturing services and components for electronics, we must provide increasingly rapid product turnaround times for our customers. We generally do not obtain firm, long-term purchase commitments from our customers, and we often experience reduced lead times in customer orders which may be less than the lead time we require to procure necessary components and materials. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Many factors outside of our control impact our customers and their ordering behavior, including recession in end markets, changing technology and industry standards, commercial acceptance for products, product obsolescence, and loss of business. The short-term nature of our customers' commitments and the rapid changes in demand for their products reduces our ability to accurately estimate the future requirements of our customers. This makes it difficult to schedule production and maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity. In that regard, we must make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, setting production schedules and locations, making component procurement commitments, and allocating personnel and other resources based on our estimates of our customers' requirements. We cannot assure you that present or future customers will not significantly change, reduce, cancel or delay their orders. 
 On occasion, customers require rapid increases in production or require that manufacturing of their products be transitioned from one facility to another to reduce costs or achieve other objectives. These demands may stress our resources, cause supply chain management issues, and reduce our margins. We may not have sufficient capacity at any given time to meet our customers' demands, and transfers from one facility to another can result in inefficiencies and costs due to excess capacity in one facility and corresponding capacity constraints at another. Many of our costs and operating expenses are relatively fixed, and thus customer order fluctuations, deferrals, and transfers of demand from one facility to another, as described above, have had a material adverse effect on our operating results in the past and we may experience such effects in the future. 
 A significant percentage of our sales come from a small number of customers and a decline in sales to any of these customers could adversely affect our business. 
 Sales to our ten largest customers represent a significant percentage of our net sales. Our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 34 , 34 and 36 of net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. No customer accounted for more than 10 of net sales in fiscal year 2023, 2022 and 2021. Our principal customers have varied from year to year. These customers may experience dramatic declines in their market shares or competitive position, due to economic or other forces, that may cause them to reduce their purchases from us or, in some cases, result in the termination of their relationship with us. Significant reductions in sales to any of these customers, or the loss of major customers, would materially harm our business. If we are not able to replace expired, canceled or reduced contracts with new business in a timely manner, our revenues and profitability could be harmed. Additionally, mergers, acquisitions, consolidations or other significant transactions involving our key customers generally entail risks to our business. If a significant transaction involving any of our key customers results in the loss of or reduction in purchases by any of our largest customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Supply chain disruptions, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, have in the past affected, and may in the future, affect our ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, or result in excess or obsolete inventory. We have been and continue to be adversely affected by supply chain issues, including shortages of required electronic components. 
 From time to time, we have experienced shortages of some of the components, including electronic components, that we use. These shortages can result from strong demand for those components or from problems experienced by suppliers, such as shortages of raw materials. We have also experienced, and continue to experience, such shortages due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Most recently, we have experienced shortages of semiconductor components which have impacted our business. These component shortages have and will continue to result in curtailed production or delays in production, which prevent us from making scheduled shipments to customers. Inflationary pressures have increased and may continue to increase pricing of components. Our failure or inability to accurately forecast demand and volatility in the availability of materials, equipment, components, and services, including rising prices due to inflation or scarcity of availability, have in the past adversely impacted, and may in the future, adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Our inability to make scheduled shipments has caused and will continue to cause us to experience a reduction in sales, increase in inventory levels and costs, and could adversely affect relationships with existing and prospective customers. Component shortages have in the past, and may in the future also increase our cost of goods sold because we may be required to pay higher prices for components in short supply and redesign or reconfigure products to accommodate substitute components. As a result, component shortages have adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our operating results. Our customers also may experience component shortages which may adversely affect customer demand for our products and services. Our end markets have been and continue to be impacted by logistical constraints, as well as driver shortages and increased freight and logistics costs around the world. 
 In addition, if a component shortage is threatened or anticipated, we may purchase such components early to avoid a delay or interruption in our operations. Purchasing components early has in the past caused, and may in the future, cause us to incur additional inventory carrying costs and cause us to experience inventory obsolescence, both of which may not be recoverable from our customers and adversely affect our gross profit margins and results of operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our supply chain has been and may continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and may be impacted by other events outside our control, including macro-economic events, trade restrictions, political crises, social unrest, terrorism, and conflicts (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine), other public health emergencies, or natural or environmental occurrences in locations where we or our customers and suppliers have manufacturing, research, engineering and other operations. 
 Our business has in the past been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by delays and increased costs resulting from issues that our common carriers deal with in transporting our materials, our products, or both. 
 Given the complexity of our supply chain and our geographically dispersed operations, we depend on a variety of common carriers to transport our materials from our suppliers to us, and to transport our products from us to our customers. Problems suffered by any of these common carriers, whether due to geopolitical issues, the COVID-19 pandemic, a natural disaster, labor problems, increased energy prices, criminal activity or some other issue, have in the past resulted, and may in the future result in shipping delays, increased costs, or other supply chain disruptions, and therefore have in the past had, and may in the future have. a material adverse effect on our operations. The effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate these risks. 
 Our components business is dependent on our ability to quickly launch world-class component products, and our investment in the development of our component capabilities, together with start-up and integration costs, has in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our margins and profitability. 
 Our components business, which includes power supply manufacturing, is part of our strategy to improve our competitive position and to grow our future margins, profitability and shareholder returns by expanding our capabilities. The success of our components business is dependent on our ability to design and introduce world-class components that have performance characteristics which are suitable for a broad market and that offer significant price and/or performance advantages over competitive products. 
 To create these world class components offerings, we must continue to make substantial investments in the development of our components capabilities, in resources such as research and development, technology licensing, test and tooling equipment, facility expansions, and personnel requirements. We may not be able to achieve or maintain market acceptance for any of our components offerings in any of our current or target markets. The success of our components business will also depend upon the level of market acceptance of our customers' end products, which incorporate our components, and over which we have no control. 
 Our margins and profitability have in the past been, and may in the future be, adversely affected due to substantial investments, start-up and production ramp costs in our design services. 
 As part of our strategy to enhance our end-to-end service offerings, we continue to expand our design and engineering capabilities. Providing these services can expose us to different or greater potential risks than those we face when providing our manufacturing services. 
 Although we enter into contracts with our design services customers, we often design and develop products for these customers prior to receiving a purchase order or other firm commitment from them. We are required to make substantial investments in the resources necessary to design and develop these products, and no revenue may be generated from these efforts if our customers do not approve the designs in a timely manner or at all. In addition, we may make investments in designing products and not be able to design viable manufacturable products, in which cases we may not be able to recover our investments. Even if we are successful in designing manufacturable products and our customers accept our designs, if our customers do not then purchase anticipated levels of products, we may not realize any profits. Our design activities often require that we purchase inventory for initial production runs before we have a purchase commitment from a customer. Even after we have a contract with a customer with respect to a product, these contracts sometimes allow the customer to delay or cancel deliveries and may not obligate the customer to any particular volume of purchases. These contracts can generally be terminated on short notice. In addition, some of the products we design and develop must satisfy safety and regulatory standards and some must receive government certifications. If we fail to obtain these approvals or certifications on a timely basis, we would be unable to sell these products, which would harm our sales, profitability and reputation. 
 Our design services offerings require significant investments in research and development, technology licensing, test and tooling equipment, patent applications, facility building and expansion, and recruitment. We may not be able to achieve a high enough level of sales for this business to be profitable. The costs of investing in the resources necessary to expand our design and engineering capabilities, and in particular to support our design services offerings, have historically adversely affected our profitability, and may continue to do so as we continue to make investments to grow these capabilities. 
 In addition, we often agree to certain product price limitations and cost reduction targets in connection with these services. Inflationary and other increases in the costs of the raw materials and labor required to produce the products have occurred and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 may recur from time to time. Also, the production ramps for these programs are typically significant and negatively impact our margin in early stages as the manufacturing volumes are lower and result in inefficiencies and unabsorbed manufacturing overhead costs. We may not be able to reduce costs, incorporate changes in costs into the selling prices of our products, or increase operating efficiencies as we ramp production of our products, which would adversely affect our margins and our results of operations. 
 If we do not effectively manage changes in our operations, our business may be harmed; we have taken substantial restructuring charges in the past and we may need to take material restructuring charges in the future. 
 The expansion of our business, as well as business contractions and other changes in our customers' requirements, including as a result of COVID-19, have in the past, and may in the future, require that we adjust our business and cost structures by incurring restructuring charges. Restructuring activities involve reductions in our workforce at some locations and closure of certain facilities. All of these changes have in the past placed, and may in the future place, considerable strain on our financial and management control systems and resources, including decision support, accounting management, information systems and facilities. If we do not properly manage or maintain adequate financial and management controls, including internal controls over financial reporting, reporting systems and procedures to manage our employees, our business could be harmed. 
 In recent years, including fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, we initiated targeted restructuring activities focused on optimizing our portfolio, in particular customers and products in our consumer devices business, optimizing our cost structure in lower growth areas and, more importantly, streamlining certain corporate and segment functions. Restructuring charges are recorded based upon employee termination dates, site closure and consolidation plans generally in conjunction with an overall corporate initiative to drive cost reduction and realign the Company's global footprint. 
 We may be required to take additional charges in the future to align our operations and cost structures with global economic conditions, market demands, cost competitiveness, and our geographic footprint as it relates to our customers' production requirements. We may consolidate certain manufacturing facilities or transfer certain of our operations to other geographies. If we are required to take additional restructuring charges in the future, our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Additionally, there are other potential risks associated with our restructurings that could adversely affect us, such as delays encountered with the finalization and implementation of the restructuring activities, work stoppages, and the failure to achieve targeted cost savings. 
 A breach of our IT or physical security systems, or violation of data privacy laws, may cause us to incur significant legal and financial exposure. 
 We rely on our information systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable information relating to employees, customers, and other business partners), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities including financial reporting, inventory management, procurement, invoicing, and electronic communications. With increased work-from-home arrangements, we are increasingly dependent upon our information systems to operate our business and our ability to effectively manage our business depends on the security, reliability and adequacy of our information systems. We may be adversely affected if our information systems break down, fail, or are no longer supported. In addition, we continue to invest in and implement modifications and upgrades to our information systems, which may be complex and require significant management oversight, and subject us to inherent costs and associated risks including disruption of operations and loss of information. 
 We regularly face attempts by sophisticated and malicious actors to gain unauthorized access to our information systems, including those using techniques that change frequently or may be disguised or difficult to detect and remain dormant until a triggering event or that may continue undetected for an extended period of time. They may attempt to gain access to our networks, data centers or cloud resources - including those managed by third parties - or those of our customers, vendors or end users; steal proprietary information related to our business, products, employees, and customers; or interrupt our systems, operations or services or those of our customers or others. We believe such attempts are increasing in number and in technical sophistication, which, if we are subject to, could have material adverse effects. Due to the political uncertainty and military actions involving Russia, Ukraine and surrounding regions, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a currently heightened risk of information technology breaches, computer malware, ransomware or other cyber attacks, including attacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain and ability to produce, sell and distribute our products. 
 In some instances, we, our customers, and the users of our products and services might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. We have implemented security systems with the intent of maintaining and protecting the physical security of our facilities and inventory and protecting our customers and our suppliers confidential information. We seek to 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 detect and investigate all unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network, products, and services, and to prevent their recurrence where practicable through changes to our internal processes and tools. There can be no assurance, however, that our security measures will be sufficient to prevent a material breach or compromise in the future. 
 We are subject to, and at times have suffered from, breach or attempted breach of our security systems which have in the past and may in the future result in unauthorized access to our facilities and/or unauthorized acquisition, use or theft of the inventory or information we are trying to protect. If unauthorized parties gain physical access to our operations or inventory or if they gain electronic access to our information systems or if such operations, information or inventory is used in an unauthorized manner, misdirected, or lost or stolen during transmission or transport, any theft or misuse of such operations, information or inventory could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, loss of competitive advantage, governmental inquiry and oversight, difficulty in marketing our services, increased security and compliance costs, higher insurance premiums, allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations, litigation by affected parties including our customers and possible financial obligations for damages related to the theft or misuse of such information or inventory, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and cash flow. Further, third parties, such as cloud or hosted solution providers, could be a source of risk in the event of a failure of their own systems and infrastructure or could experience their own privacy or security event which could create risks similar to those described above. These risks are likely to be elevated in times of geopolitical instability and escalated tensions between countries. Moreover, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to comply with evolving cybersecurity regulations and to modify and enhance our information systems, information security and controls, and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. 
 In addition, data privacy laws and regulations, including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), the UK GDPR, the EU ePrivacy Directive, Singapore s Personal Data Protection Act, China's Personal Information Protection Law ("PIPL"), and other privacy and data security laws throughout the Asia Pacific region and across the globe pose increasingly complex compliance challenges, which may increase compliance costs, and any failure to comply with data privacy laws and regulations could result in significant penalties. Additionally, many U.S. states including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia have recently enacted legislation and associated regulations, and it is anticipated that many more states will enact similar legislation and/or release additional regulations which, if passed, may have conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. The California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA became effective January 1, 2020 and was further amended by the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), which became effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA and CPRA, among other requirements, require covered companies to provide new rights and disclosures to California consumers, and allow such consumers abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information and other activities, and creates a new regulatory enforcement body. These recent and potential additional regulations and avenues for enforcement could result in, among other things, government inquiries, which could result in significant penalties. Additionally, new privacy laws and regulations are under development at the U.S. Federal and state level and many international jurisdictions. 
 The effects of the GDPR, the PIPL, the CPRA and other state laws and other data privacy laws and regulations, including the many international privacy laws, may be significant, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Any actual or perceived failures to comply with these laws or regulations, or related contractual or other obligations, or any perceived privacy rights violation, whether by us, one of our third-party service providers or vendors or another third party, could lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, damages for contract breach, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as well as harm to our reputation and market position. The GDPR, the PIPL, U.S. state laws and other laws and self-regulatory codes may affect our ability to reach current and prospective customers, to understand how our solutions and services are being used, to respond to customer requests allowed under the laws, and to implement our business strategy effectively. These laws and regulations could similarly affect our customers. 
 Our strategic relationships with major customers create risks. 
 In the past, we have completed numerous strategic transactions with customers. Under these arrangements, we generally acquire inventory, equipment and other assets from the customers, and lease or acquire their manufacturing facilities, while simultaneously entering into multi-year manufacturing and supply agreements for the production of their products. We may pursue these customer divestiture transactions in the future. These arrangements entered into with divesting customers typically involve many risks, including the following: 
 we may need to pay a purchase price to the divesting customers that exceeds the value we ultimately may realize from the future business of the customer; 
 the integration of the acquired assets and facilities into our business may be time-consuming and costly, including the incurrence of restructuring charges; 
 we, rather than the divesting customer, bear the risk of excess capacity at the facility; 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 we may not achieve anticipated cost reductions and efficiencies at the facility; 
 we may be unable to meet the expectations of the customer as to volume, product quality, timeliness and cost reductions; 
 our supply agreements with the customers generally do not require any minimum volumes of purchase by the customers, and the actual volume of purchases may be less than anticipated; and 
 if demand for the customers' products declines, the customer may reduce its volume of purchases, and we may not be able to sufficiently reduce the expenses of operating the facility or use the facility to provide services to other customers. 
 As a result of these and other risks, we have been, and in the future may be, unable to achieve anticipated levels of profitability under these arrangements. In addition, these strategic arrangements have not, and in the future may not, result in any material revenues or contribute positively to our earnings per share. 
 We may encounter difficulties with acquisitions and divestitures, which could harm our business. 
 We have completed numerous acquisitions of businesses, including the recent acquisition of Anord Mardix, and we may acquire additional businesses in the future. Any future acquisitions may require additional equity financing, which could be dilutive to our existing shareholders, or additional debt financing, which could increase our leverage and potentially affect our credit ratings. Any downgrades in our credit ratings associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our ability to borrow by resulting in more restrictive borrowing terms. As a result of the foregoing, we also may not be able to complete acquisitions or strategic customer transactions in the future to the same extent as in the past, or at all. 
 To integrate acquired businesses, we must implement our management information systems, operating systems and internal controls, and assimilate and manage the personnel of the acquired operations. The difficulties of this integration may be further complicated by geographic distances. The integration of acquired businesses may not be successful and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. In addition, the integration of acquired businesses may require that we incur significant restructuring charges. 
 In addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks and challenges, including: 
 diversion of management's attention from the normal operation of our business; 
 potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired companies; 
 difficulties managing and integrating operations in geographically dispersed locations; 
 the potential for deficiencies in internal controls at acquired companies; 
 increases in our expenses and working capital requirements, which reduce our return on invested capital; 
 lack of experience operating in the geographic market or industry sector of the acquired business; 
 cybersecurity and compliance related issues; 
 initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chain or relatively small supply chain partners; and 
 exposure to unanticipated liabilities of acquired companies. 
 In addition, divestitures involve significant risks, including without limitation, difficulty finding financially sufficient buyers or selling on acceptable terms in a timely manner, and the agreed-upon terms could be renegotiated due to changes in business or market conditions. Divestitures could adversely affect our profitability and, under certain circumstances, require us to record impairment charges or a loss as a result of the transaction. In addition, completing divestitures requires expenses and management attention and could leave us with certain continuing liabilities. 
 These and other factors have harmed, and in the future could harm, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability at acquired operations or realize other anticipated benefits of an acquisition or divestiture, and could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We may not achieve some or all of the intended or anticipated benefits of Nextracker being a separate, publicly-traded company, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 On February 13, 2023, Nextracker completed its IPO and, as of the closing, the Company beneficially owned 61.4 of the total outstanding shares of Nextracker s capital stock. We may not be able to achieve all of the intended or anticipated 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 strategic and financial benefits expected as a result of the IPO and Nextracker being a separate, publicly-traded company, or such benefits may be delayed, or not occur at all. These intended and anticipated benefits include the following: 
 Allows investors to separately evaluate the merits, performance and future prospects of each company s respective businesses and to invest in each company separately based on their distinct characteristics. 
 Allows us and Nextracker to more effectively pursue our respective distinct operating priorities and strategies and enable management of both companies to focus on unique opportunities for long-term growth and profitability. Our and Nextracker s separate management teams will also be able to focus on executing the companies differing strategic plans without diverting attention from the other businesses. 
 Permits each company to concentrate its financial resources solely on its own operations without having to compete with each other for investment capital, providing each company with greater flexibility to invest capital in its businesses in a time and manner appropriate for its distinct strategy and business needs. 
 Creates an independent equity structure that will afford Nextracker direct access to the capital markets and facilitate its ability to capitalize on its unique growth opportunities. 
 If we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits expected to result from the IPO and Nextracker being a separate, publicly-traded company, or if such benefits are delayed, our businesses, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. The actions required to separate our and Nextracker s respective businesses may divert the attention of our management and employees from other aspects of our business operations and could adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of us and our Nextracker business. Further, the Nextracker business will be subject to additional costs as a result of being a separate, publicly-traded company. The consummation of the IPO also resulted in a dilution of our economic interest in the Nextracker business and, as a result, we will only benefit from a portion of any profits and growth of the Nextracker business in the future, and as a result our prior historical results may not be indicative of future results. Moreover, the combined value of the two publicly-traded companies may not be equal to or greater than what the value of our ordinary shares would have been had the IPO not occurred. To the extent we pursue any other alternatives for our Nextracker business subsequent to the IPO, such as a tax-free spin-off transaction or additional follow-on offerings, we may be exposed to various risks similar to those described above. In addition, we may receive opinions from outside tax counsel as to the tax implications of the IPO or any such future transactions which rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings regarding past and future conduct of both us and Nextracker, and which, if incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate or not satisfied, could result in significant tax liabilities to us and our shareholders. 
 We have overlapping directors with Nextracker, which may lead to conflicting interests or the appearance of conflicting interests. 
 Several of our directors and officers also serve as directors of Nextracker. Our officers and members of our Board of Directors have fiduciary duties to our shareholders. Likewise, any such persons who serve as directors of Nextracker have fiduciary duties to Nextracker s stockholders. Therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting us and Nextracker. The appearance of conflicts of interest created by such overlapping relationships also could impair the confidence of our investors. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly due to seasonal demand. 
 Two of our significant end markets are the lifestyle market and the consumer devices market. These markets exhibit particular strength generally in the two quarters leading up to the end of the calendar year in connection with the holiday season. As a result, we have historically experienced stronger revenues in our second and third fiscal quarters as compared to our other fiscal quarters. Economic or other factors leading to diminished orders in the end of the calendar year could harm our business. 
 We depend on our executive officers and skilled personnel. 
 Our success depends to a large extent upon our ability to hire and retain a workforce with the skills necessary for our business to develop and manufacture the products desired by our customers. We need highly skilled personnel in multiple areas including, among others, engineering, manufacturing, information technology, cybersecurity, supply chain, business development, and management including our executive officers and other key employees. Generally, our employees are not bound by employment or non-competition agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our executive officers and other key employees. We could be seriously harmed by the loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees. Future leadership transitions and management changes may cause uncertainty in, or a disruption to, our business, and may increase the likelihood of senior management or other employee turnover. In addition, in connection with expanding our design services offerings, we must attract and retain experienced design engineers. Our failure to recruit and retain experienced design 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 engineers could limit the growth of our design services offerings, which could adversely affect our business. There is substantial competition in our industry for skilled employees and we may incur higher labor, recruiting and/or training costs in order to attract and retain employees with the requisite skills. We may not be successful in hiring or retaining such employees which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, hiring, training and retaining skilled employees may be adversely impacted by global economic uncertainty and changes to office environments and workforce trends. From time to time, we face challenges that may impact employee retention, such as workforce reductions and facility consolidations and closures, and some of our most experienced employees are retirement-eligible which may adversely impact retention. To the extent that we lose experienced personnel through retirement or otherwise, it is critical for us to develop other employees, hire new qualified employees and successfully manage the transfer of critical knowledge. There also is the risk that we will be unable to achieve our diversity, equity and inclusion objectives and goals or meet the related requirements of our shareholders and other stakeholders. 
 Catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 
 Our operations or systems could be disrupted by natural disasters, terrorist activity, public health issues (including the COVID-19 pandemic), cybersecurity incidents, interruptions of service from utilities, political crises and conflicts (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine), transportation or telecommunications providers, or other catastrophic events. Climate change may exacerbate the frequency and intensity of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions. Such events could make it difficult or impossible to manufacture or deliver products to our customers, receive production materials from our suppliers, or perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our revenue and require significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. While we maintain business recovery plans that are intended to allow us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can be disruptive to our business, some of our systems are not fully redundant and we cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from all such disruptions. 
 We maintain a program of insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks. We place our insurance coverage with multiple carriers in numerous jurisdictions. However, one or more of our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. The types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on availability, cost, and decisions with respect to risk retention. The policies have deductibles and exclusions that result in us retaining a level of self-insurance. Losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may in the future again have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken to limit its spread have materially impacted our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. The impact of the pandemic on our business has included and could again in the future include: 
 disruptions to or restrictions on our ability to ensure the continuous provision of our manufacturing services and solutions, including as a result of temporary closures or reductions in operational capacity of our manufacturing facilities; 
 temporary closures of our direct and indirect suppliers, resulting in adverse effects to our supply chain, and other supply chain disruptions, which adversely affect our ability to procure sufficient inventory to support customer orders; 
 workforce disruptions, including temporary shortages of skilled employees available to staff manufacturing facilities due to shelter-in-place orders and travel restrictions within as well as into and out of countries; 
 restrictions or disruptions of transportation, such as reduced availability of air transport, port closures, and increased border controls or closures; 
 increases in operational expenses and other costs related to requirements implemented to mitigate the impact of the pandemic; 
 delays or limitations on the ability of our customers to perform or make timely payments; and 
 reductions in short- and long-term demand for our manufacturing services and solutions, or other disruptions in technology buying patterns. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic also created significant macroeconomic uncertainty, volatility and disruption, which may continue to adversely affect our and our customers and suppliers liquidity, cost of capital and ability to access the capital markets and cause further disruptions in our supply chain and customer demand. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 The extent to which the remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to impact our business and financial results going forward will be dependent on future developments such as its length and severity, its potential resurgence in the future including the emergence of more contagious or vaccine-resistant variants, the availability and distribution of effective treatments and vaccines, and public health measures and actions taken to contain COVID-19, and the overall impact of the remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and capital markets, among many other factors, all of which remain uncertain and unpredictable. We cannot at this time quantify or forecast the business impact of the remaining effects of the COVID-19, and there can be no assurance that the remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will not have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial results and financial condition. To the extent the remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, it increases the likelihood and potential severity of other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 Industry Risks 
 We depend on industries that continually produce technologically advanced products with short product lifecycles and our business would be adversely affected if our customers' products are not successful or if our customers lose market share. 
 We derive our revenue from customers in a number of end markets and factors affecting any of these industries in general or our customers in particular, could adversely impact us. These factors include: 
 rapid changes in technology, evolving industry standards, and requirements for continuous improvement in products and services that result in short product lifecycles; 
 demand for our customers' products may be seasonal; 
 our customers may fail to successfully market their products, and our customers' products may fail to gain widespread commercial acceptance; 
 our customers' products may have supply chain issues, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 our customers may experience dramatic market share shifts in demand which may cause them to lose market share or exit businesses. 
 Our industry is extremely competitive; if we are not able to continue to provide competitive services, we may lose business. 
 We compete with a number of different companies, depending on the type of service we provide or the location of our operations. For example, we compete with major global EMS providers, other smaller EMS companies that have a regional or product-specific focus and Original Design Manufacturers ("ODMs") with respect to some of the services that we provide. We also compete with our current and prospective customers, who evaluate our capabilities in light of their own capabilities and cost structures. In the past, some of our customers moved a portion of their manufacturing from us in order to more fully utilize their excess internal manufacturing capacity. Any of these developments could cause a decline in our sales, loss of market acceptance of our products or services, decreases of our profits or loss of our market share. Our industry is extremely competitive, many of our competitors have achieved substantial market share, and some may have lower cost structures or greater design, manufacturing, financial or other resources than we do. We face particular competition from Asian-based competitors, including Taiwanese ODM suppliers who compete in a variety of our end markets and have a substantial share of global information technology hardware production. If we are unable to provide comparable manufacturing services and improved products at lower cost than the other companies in our market, our net sales could decline. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our debt level may create limitations. 
 As of March 31, 2023, our total debt was approximately 3.8 billion. This level of indebtedness could limit our flexibility as a result of debt service requirements and restrictive covenants, and may limit our ability to access additional capital or execute our business strategy. 
 Our exposure to financially troubled customers or suppliers may adversely affect our financial results. 
 We provide manufacturing services to companies and industries that have in the past, and may in the future, experience financial difficulty. When our customers experience financial difficulty, we have difficulty recovering amounts owed to us by these customers, or demand for our products from these customers sometimes declines. Additionally, if our suppliers experience financial difficulty, we could have difficulty sourcing supplies necessary to fulfill production requirements and meet scheduled shipments. When one or more of our customers becomes insolvent or otherwise is unable to pay for the services provided by us on a timely basis, or at all, our operating results and financial condition are adversely affected. Such adverse effects have in the past included and could in the future include one or more of the following: an increase in our provision for 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 doubtful accounts, a charge for inventory write-offs, a reduction in revenue, and an increase in our working capital requirements due to higher inventory levels and increases in days our accounts receivables are outstanding. 
 The market price of our ordinary shares is volatile. 
 The stock market in recent years has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices of companies, including technology companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated to or disproportionately impacted by the operating performance of these companies. The market for our ordinary shares has been and may in the future be subject to similar volatility. Factors such as fluctuations in our operating results, announcements of technological innovations or events affecting other companies in the electronics industry, currency fluctuations, general market fluctuations, and macro-economic conditions may cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline. Stock price fluctuations could impact the value of our equity compensation, which could affect our ability to recruit and retain employees. 
 Changes in our credit rating may make it more expensive for us to raise additional capital or to borrow additional funds. We are also exposed to interest rate fluctuations on our outstanding borrowings and investments. 
 Our credit is rated by credit rating agencies. Our 4.750 Notes due 2025, our 3.750 Notes due 2026, our 6.000 Notes due 2028, our 4.875 Notes due 2029 and our 4.875 Notes due 2030 are currently rated BBB- by Standard and Poor's ("S P") which is considered to be investment grade by S P, rated Baa3 by Moody s which is considered to be investment grade by Moody's, and rated BBB- by Fitch which is considered to be "investment grade" by Fitch. Any decline in our credit rating may make it more expensive for us to raise additional capital in the future on terms that are acceptable to us, if at all, negatively impact the price of our ordinary shares, increase our interest payments under some of our existing debt agreements, and have other negative implications on our business, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the interest rate payable on some of our credit facilities is subject to adjustment from time to time if our credit ratings change. Thus, any potential future negative change in our credit rating may increase the interest rate payable on these credit facilities. 
 In addition, we are exposed to interest rate risk under our variable rate terms loans, bilateral facilities and revolving credit facility for indebtedness we have incurred or may incur under such facilities. The interest rates on our borrowings under our revolving credit facility may be based on either (i) the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("Term SOFR") or (ii) the base rate (the greatest of the agent's prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , and the Term SOFR plus 1.00 plus an applicable margin, in each case depending on our credit rating, and other borrowings also may be based on Term SOFR. Refer to the discussion in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, "Bank Borrowings and Long-Term Debt" for further details of our debt obligations. We are also exposed to interest rate risk on our invested cash balances, our securitization facilities and our factoring activities. 
 We are subject to the risk of increased income taxes. 
 We are subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory rates and changes in tax laws or their interpretation including changes related to tax holidays or tax incentives. The international tax environment continues to change as a result of both coordinated efforts by governments and unilateral measures designed by individual countries, both intended to tackle concerns over perceived international tax avoidance techniques, which could ultimately have an adverse effect on the taxation of international businesses. In the U.S., various proposals to raise corporate income taxes are under active consideration. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was enacted into law by the U.S. government, which includes a new corporate minimum tax, a stock repurchase excise tax, numerous green energy credits, and other tax provisions. Pending further guidance, it is possible that the IRA could increase our future tax liability, which could in turn adversely impact our business and future profitability. In addition, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD has proposed certain international tax reforms that would impose a minimum tax rate of 15 , among other provisions, as part of its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project. On December 14, 2022, EU member states agreed to adopt the OECD s minimum tax rules, which are expected to begin going into effect in 2024. Several other countries are also considering changes to their tax law to implement the OECD s minimum tax proposal. As this framework is subject to further negotiation and implementation by each member country, the timing and ultimate impact of any such changes on our tax obligations are uncertain. Any such changes, if adopted, could increase tax complexity and uncertainty, adversely impact our effective tax rate and may have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. The foregoing and other changes to tax laws could have broader implications, including impacts to the economy, currency markets, inflation or competitive dynamics, which are difficult to predict, and may positively or negatively impact the Company. 
 Our taxes could also increase if certain tax holidays or incentives are not renewed upon expiration, or if tax rates applicable to us in such jurisdictions are otherwise increased. Our continued ability to qualify for specific tax holiday extensions will depend on, among other things, our anticipated investment and expansion in these countries and the manner in which the local governments interpret the requirements for modifications, extensions or new incentives. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, the Company and its subsidiaries are regularly subject to tax return audits and examinations by various taxing jurisdictions around the world. For example, one of the Company's Brazilian subsidiaries has received assessments for certain sales and import taxes which the Company is opposing. In determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax examinations. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of the resolution of a tax examination, we believe that our reserves for uncertain tax benefits reflect the outcome of tax positions that are more likely than not to occur. However, we cannot assure you that the final determination of any tax examinations will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of a current or future examination, there could be a material adverse effect on our tax provision, operating results, financial position and cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 
 We are subject to risks associated with investments. 
 We invest in private funds and companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a return on our investments. We make investments in private funds and companies to further our strategic objectives, support key business initiatives, and develop business relationships with related portfolio companies. Many of the instruments in which we invest are non-marketable at the time of our initial investment. If any of the funds or companies in which we invest fail, we could lose all or part of our investment. From time-to-time we have identified observable price changes, or impairments in investments, and we have written down investments' fair values and recognized a loss. 
 Our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets could become impaired, which could reduce the value of our assets and reduce our net income in the year in which the write-off occurs. 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. We also ascribe value to certain identifiable intangible assets, which consist primarily of customer relationships, developed technology and trade names, among others, as a result of acquisitions. We have in the past incurred and may in the future incur impairment charges on goodwill or identifiable intangible assets if we determine that the fair values of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets are less than their current carrying values. We evaluate, on a regular basis, whether events or circumstances have occurred that indicate all, or a portion, of the carrying amount of goodwill may no longer be recoverable, in which case an impairment charge to earnings would become necessary. If the financial performance of our businesses were to decline significantly, we could incur a material non-cash charge in our statement of operations for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. Refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements and "Critical Accounting Estimates" in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further discussion of the impairment testing of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. 
 A decline in general economic conditions or global equity valuations could impact the judgments and assumptions about the fair value of our businesses and we could be required to record impairment charges on our goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets in the future, which could impact our consolidated balance sheet, as well as our consolidated statement of operations. If we are required to recognize an impairment charge in the future, the charge would not impact our consolidated cash flows, liquidity, capital resources, and covenants under our existing credit facilities, asset securitization program, and other outstanding borrowings. 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank failed and was taken into receivership by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership; the following week, a syndicate of U.S. banks infused 30 billion in First Republic Bank; and later that same week, the Swiss Central Bank provided 54 billion in covered loan and short-term liquidity facilities to Credit Suisse Group AG, all in an attempt to reassure depositors and calm fears of a banking contagion. Increasing concerns over bank failures and bailouts and their potential broader effects and potential systemic risk on the banking sector generally may adversely affect our access to capital and our business and operations more generally. Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in financial accounting standards or policies have affected, and in the future may affect, our reported financial condition or results of operations. 
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ("AICPA"), the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create accounting policies. Changes to accounting rules or challenges to our interpretation or application of the rules by regulators may have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results or on the way we conduct business. Refer to "Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements" within note 2 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 International Risks 
 Weak global economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, currency volatility, slower growth or recession, higher interest rates, geopolitical uncertainty and instability in financial markets may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and access to capital markets. 
 Our operations and the execution of our business plans and strategies are subject to the effects of global economic trends, geopolitical risks and demand or supply shocks from events that could include political crises and conflict (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine), war, a major terrorist attack, natural disasters or actual or threatened public health emergencies (such as COVID-19). They are also affected by local and regional economic environments, supply chain constraints and policies in the U.S. and other markets that we serve, including interest rates, monetary policy, inflation, economic growth, recession, commodity prices, currency volatility, currency controls or other limitations on the ability to expatriate cash, sovereign debt levels and actual or anticipated defaults on sovereign debt. For example, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related sanctions and other measures imposed by the European Union, the U.S. and other countries and organizations in response have led, and may continue to lead, to disruption and instability in global markets, supply chains and industries that could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, changes in local economic conditions or outlooks, such as lower rates of investment or economic growth in China, Europe or other key markets, affect the demand for or profitability of our products and services outside the U.S., and the impact on the Company could be significant given the extent of our activities outside the United States. Political changes and trends such as populism, protectionism, economic nationalism and sentiment toward multinational companies and resulting tariffs, export controls or other trade barriers, or changes to tax or other laws and policies, have been and may continue to be disruptive and costly to our businesses, and these can interfere with our global operating model, supply chain, production costs, customer relationships and competitive position. Further escalation of specific trade tensions, including intensified decoupling between the U.S. and China, or in global trade conflict more broadly could be harmful to global economic growth or to our business in or with China or other countries, and related decreases in confidence or investment activity in the global markets would adversely affect our business performance. We also do business in many emerging market jurisdictions where economic, political and legal risks are heightened. Further, an increase in inflation pressures, such as what the market is currently experiencing, could affect our profitability and cash flows, due to higher wages, higher operating costs, higher financing costs, and/or higher supplier prices. Inflation may also adversely affect foreign exchange rates. We may be unable to pass along such higher costs to our customers. In addition, inflation may adversely affect customers financing costs, cash flows, and profitability, which could adversely impact their operations and our ability to collect receivables. Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of our customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for our products and our customers ability to repay obligations to us. 
 These conditions may result in reduced consumer and business confidence and spending in many countries, a tightening in the credit markets, a reduced level of liquidity in many financial markets, high volatility in credit, fixed income and equity markets, currency exchange rate fluctuations, and global economic uncertainty. In addition, longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business. If financial institutions that have extended credit commitments to us are adversely affected by the conditions of the U.S. and international capital markets, they may become unable to fund borrowings under their credit commitments to us, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and our ability to borrow additional funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development and other corporate purposes. 
 We conduct operations in a number of countries and are subject to the risks inherent in international operations. 
 The geographic distances between the Americas, Asia and Europe create a number of logistical and communications challenges for us. These challenges include managing operations across multiple time zones, directing the manufacture and delivery of products across long distances, coordinating procurement of components and raw materials and their delivery to multiple locations, and coordinating the activities and decisions of the core management team, which is based in a number of different countries. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Facilities in several different locations may be involved at different stages of the production process of a single product, leading to additional logistical difficulties. 
 Because our manufacturing operations are located in a number of countries throughout the Americas, Asia and Europe, we are subject to risks of changes in economic, social and political conditions in those countries, including: 
 fluctuations in the value of local currencies; 
 labor unrest, difficulties in staffing and geographic labor shortages; 
 longer payment cycles; 
 cultural differences; 
 increases in duties, tariffs, and taxation levied on our products including anti-dumping and countervailing duties; 
 trade restrictions including limitations on imports or exports of components or assembled products, unilaterally or bilaterally; 
 trade sanctions and related regulatory enforcement actions and other proceedings; 
 potential trade wars; 
 increased scrutiny by the media and other third parties of labor practices within our industry (including but not limited to forced labor and adverse working conditions) which may result in allegations of violations, more stringent and burdensome labor laws and regulations and inconsistency in the enforcement and interpretation of such laws and regulations, higher labor costs, increased risk of cross-border cargo being detained or seized and/or loss of revenues if our customers become dissatisfied with our labor practices and diminish or terminate their relationship with us; 
 inflationary pressures, such as those the market is currently experiencing, which may increase costs for materials, supplies, and services; 
 imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; 
 environmental protection laws and regulations, including those related to climate change; 
 expropriation of private enterprises; 
 ineffective legal protection of our intellectual property rights in certain countries; 
 natural disasters; 
 exposure to infectious disease, epidemics and pandemics, including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, on our business operations in geographic locations impacted by the outbreak and on the business operations of our customers and suppliers; 
 inability of international customers and suppliers to obtain financing resulting from tightening of credit in international financial markets; 
 ongoing global supply chain disruptions, slowing the ability of our facilities to import necessary materials and export our products; 
 political unrest; and 
 a potential reversal of current favorable policies encouraging foreign investment or foreign trade by our host countries. 
 The attractiveness of our services to customers and our ability to conduct business with certain customers can be affected by changes in U.S. and other countries' policies, including regarding trade. We have significant operations located in China, which have been in the past, and could in the future be, adversely affected by evolving laws, regulations and policies, including with respect to COVID-19, import and export tariffs and restrictions, and information security and privacy, as well as changes in the political and geopolitical environment involving China. U.S.-China bilateral trade relations remain uncertain. The U.S. s various trade actions, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported from China or deemed to be of Chinese origin, as well as the potential for new tariffs, trade embargoes or sanctions by the U.S., and countermeasures imposed by China in response, could, depending on their duration and implementation as well as our ability to mitigate their impact, materially affect our business, including in the form of increased cost of goods sold, decreased margins, increased pricing for customers, and reduced sales. Moreover, we could be subject to reputational harm if any of our customers, former customers or vendors were 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 subject to U.S. sanctions or if our customers,former customers or vendors did business with sanctioned countries. Furthermore, geopolitical changes in China-Taiwan relations could disrupt the operations of several companies in Taiwan that are critical to the global supply of semiconductors and other electronic components on which many of our customers depend. 
 In addition, some countries in which we operate, such as Brazil, Hungary, India, Malaysia, Mexico and Poland, have experienced periods of slow or negative growth, high inflation, significant currency devaluations or limited availability of foreign exchange. Furthermore, in countries such as Brazil, China, India and Mexico, governmental authorities exercise significant influence over many aspects of the economy, and their actions could have a significant effect on us. 
 Demand for Nextracker solar trackers could be indirectly depressed as a result of existing and/or increased tariffs, duties or taxation of imported solar panels and cells. Moreover, the ongoing anti-dumping investigation by the U.S. Department of Commerce into imports of crystalline silicon photovoltaic solar panels and cells from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam, which investigation might lead to retroactive and/or prospective tariffs on imports of panels and cells may, as a result of increased costs, depress or delay demand for U.S. solar projects and Nextracker s solar trackers in the U.S. 
 We could be seriously harmed by inadequate infrastructure, including lack of adequate power and water supplies, transportation, raw materials and parts in countries in which we operate. In addition, we may encounter labor disruptions and rising labor costs, in particular within the lower-cost regions in which we operate. Any increase in labor costs that we are unable to recover in our pricing to our customers could adversely impact our operating results. 
 Operations in foreign countries also present risks associated with currency exchange and convertibility, inflation and repatriation of earnings. Inflation may impact the Company s profits and cash flows as well as adversely affect foreign exchange rates. In some countries, economic and monetary conditions and other factors could affect our ability to convert our cash distributions to U.S. dollars or other freely convertible currencies, or to move funds from our accounts in these countries. Furthermore, the central bank of any of these countries may have the authority to suspend, restrict or otherwise impose conditions on foreign exchange transactions or to approve distributions to foreign investors. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could increase our operating costs. 
 We have manufacturing operations and industrial parks that are located in various part of the world, including Asia, Eastern Europe, Mexico and Brazil. A portion of our purchases and our sale transactions are denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar. As a result, we are exposed to fluctuations in these currencies impacting our fixed cost overhead or our supply base relative to the currencies in which we conduct transactions. 
 Currency exchange rates fluctuate on a daily basis as a result of a number of factors, including changes in a country's political and economic policies. The primary impact of currency exchange fluctuations is on the cash, receivables, payables and expenses of our operating entities. As part of our currency hedging strategy, we use financial instruments such as forward exchange, swap contracts, and options to hedge our foreign currency exposure in order to reduce the short-term impact of foreign currency rate fluctuations on our operating results. If our hedging activities are not successful or if we change or reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience significant unexpected fluctuations in our operating results as a result of changes in exchange rates. 
 We are also exposed to risks related to the valuation of the Chinese currency relative to the U.S. dollar. The Chinese currency is the renminbi ("RMB"). A significant increase in the value of the RMB could adversely affect our financial results and cash flows by increasing both our manufacturing costs and the costs of our local supply base. Volatility in the functional and non-functional currencies of our entities and the United States dollar could seriously harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We are subject to risks relating to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 From time to time, we are involved in various claims, suits, investigations and legal proceedings. Additional legal claims or regulatory matters may arise in the future and could involve matters relating to commercial disputes, government regulatory and compliance, intellectual property, antitrust, tax, employment or shareholder issues, product liability claims and other issues on a global basis. If we receive an adverse judgment in any such matter, we could be required to pay substantial damages and cease certain practices or activities. Regardless of the merits of the claims, litigation and other proceedings may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our business. The defense and ultimate outcome of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings may result in higher operating expenses and a decrease in operating margin, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Any existing or future lawsuits could be time-consuming, result in significant expense and divert the attention and resources of our management and other key employees, as well as harm our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including a range of regulations in the United States and other countries. Non-compliance with these laws and regulations can result in a wide range of penalties including the denial of export privileges, fines, criminal penalties, and the seizure of inventories. On February 14, 2019, we submitted an initial notification of voluntary disclosure to the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") regarding possible noncompliance with U.S. economic sanctions requirements among certain non-U.S. Flex-affiliated operations. On September 28, 2020, we made a submission to OFAC that completed the Company s voluntary disclosure based on the results of an internal investigation regarding the matter. On June 11, 2021, we notified OFAC that we had identified possible additional relevant transactions at one non-U.S. Flex-affiliated operation. We submitted an update to OFAC on November 16, 2021 reporting on the results of our review of those transactions. We intend to continue to cooperate fully with OFAC in this matter going forward. Nonetheless, it is reasonably possible that we could be subject to penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 If our compliance policies are breached, we may incur significant legal and financial exposure. 
 We have implemented local and global compliance policies to ensure compliance with our legal obligations across our operations. A significant legal risk resulting from our international operations is compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar local laws of the countries in which we do business, including the UK Anti-Bribery Act, which prohibits covered companies from making payments to foreign government officials to assist in obtaining or retaining business. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics prohibits corrupt payments on a global basis and precludes us from offering or giving anything of value to a government official for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, to win a business advantage or to improperly influence a decision regarding Flex. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that all of our employees and agents will refrain from taking actions in violation of this and our related anti-corruption policies and procedures. Any such violation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If our products or components contain defects, demand for our services may decline, our reputation may be damaged, and we may be exposed to product liability and product warranty liability. 
 Our customers' products and the manufacturing processes and design services that we use to produce them often are highly complex. Defects in the products we manufacture or design, whether caused by a design, engineering, manufacturing or component failure or error, or deficiencies in our manufacturing processes, have occurred from time to time and, have in the past resulted, and may in the future result in delayed shipments to customers, reduced or canceled customer orders, or product or component failures. If these defects or deficiencies are significant, our business reputation could be damaged. 
 The failure of the products that we manufacture or of our manufacturing processes or facilities may subject us to regulatory enforcement, fines or penalties and, in some cases, require us to shut down, temporarily halt operations or incur considerable expense to correct a manufacturing process or facility. 
 In addition, we may be exposed to product liability or product warranty claims, which may include liability for personal injury or property damage. Product warranty claims may include liability to pay for the recall, repair or replacement of a product or component. Although we generally allocate liability for these claims in our contracts with our customers, increasingly we are unsuccessful in allocating such liability, and even where we have allocated liability to our customers, our customers may not have the resources to satisfy claims for costs or liabilities arising from a defective product or component for which they have assumed responsibility. 
 If we design, engineer or manufacture a product or component that is found to cause any personal injury or property damage or is otherwise found to be defective, we could spend a significant amount of money to resolve the claim. In addition, product liability and product recall insurance coverage are expensive and may not be available for some or all of our services offerings on acceptable terms, in sufficient amounts, or at all. A successful product liability or product warranty claim in excess of our insurance coverage or any material claim for which insurance coverage is denied, limited or is not available could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The success of certain of our activities depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; claims of infringement or misuse of intellectual property and/or breach of license agreement provisions against our customers or us could harm our business. 
 We retain certain intellectual property rights to some of the technologies that we develop as part of our engineering, design, and manufacturing services and components offerings. The measures we have taken to prevent unauthorized use of our 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 technology may not be successful. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, this could reduce or eliminate the competitive advantages of our proprietary technology, which would harm our business. 
 Our engineering, design and manufacturing services and component offerings involve the creation and use of intellectual property rights, which subject us to the risk of claims of infringement or misuse of intellectual property from third parties and/or breach of our agreements with third parties, as well as claims arising from the allocation of intellectual property risk among us and our customers. From time to time, we enter into intellectual property licenses (e.g., patent licenses and software licenses) with third parties which obligate us to report covered behavior to the licensor and pay license fees to the licensor for certain activities or products, or that enable our use of third party technologies. We may also decline to enter into licenses for intellectual property that we do not think is useful for or used in our operations, or for which our customers or suppliers have licenses or have assumed responsibility. 
 Given the diverse and varied nature of our business and the location of our business around the world, certain activities we perform, such as providing assembly services in China and India, may fall outside the scope of those licenses or may not be subject to the applicable intellectual property rights. Our licensors may disagree and claim royalties are owed for such activities. In addition, the basis (e.g., base price) for any royalty amounts owed are audited by licensors and may be challenged. Our customers are increasingly requiring us to indemnify them against the risk of intellectual property-related claims and licensors are claiming that activities we perform are covered by licenses to which we are a party. 
 If any claims of infringement or misuse of intellectual property from third parties and/or breach of our agreements with third parties, as well as claims arising from the allocation of intellectual property risk among us and our customers, are brought against us or our customers, whether or not these have merit, we could be required to expend significant resources in defense of such claims. In the event of such a claim, we may be required to spend a significant amount of money to develop alternatives or obtain licenses or to resolve the issue through litigation. We may not be successful in developing such alternatives or obtaining such licenses on reasonable terms or at all, and any such litigation might not be resolved in our favor, in which cases we may be required to curtail certain of our services and offerings. Additionally, litigation could be lengthy and costly, and could materially harm our financial condition regardless of outcome. 
 We also face certain heightened risks to our intellectual property rights due to our extensive operations in foreign jurisdictions, including the risk of theft or misuse of our intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The laws of certain countries in which we operate may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and the mechanisms to enforce intellectual property rights may be inadequate to protect our rights, which could harm our business. 
 We may not meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes for medical devices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 As a medical device manufacturer, we have additional compliance requirements. We are required to register with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA's Quality System Regulation ("QSR") requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is rigorously monitored through periodic inspections and product field monitoring by the FDA. If any FDA inspection reveals noncompliance with QSR or other FDA regulations, and the Company does not address the observation adequately to the satisfaction of the FDA, the FDA may take action against us. FDA actions may include issuing a letter of inspectional observations, issuing a warning letter, imposing fines, bringing an action against the Company and its officers, requiring a recall of the products we manufactured for our customers, refusing requests for clearance or approval of new products or withdrawal of clearance or approval previously granted, issuing an import detention on products entering the U.S. from an offshore facility, or shutting down a manufacturing facility. If any of these actions were to occur, it would harm our reputation and cause our business to suffer. 
 In the EU, we are required to maintain certain standardized certifications in order to sell our products and must undergo periodic inspections to obtain and maintain these certifications. Continued noncompliance to the EU regulations could stop the flow of products into the EU from us or from our customers. In China, the National Medical Products Administration controls and regulates the manufacture and commerce of healthcare products. We must comply with the regulatory laws applicable to medical device manufacturers, or our ability to manufacture products in China could be impacted. In Japan, the Pharmaceutical Affairs Laws regulate the manufacture and commerce of healthcare products. These regulations also require that subcontractors manufacturing products intended for sale in Japan register with authorities and submit to regulatory audits. Other countries where we operate, including elsewhere in Asia and Latin America, have similar laws regarding the regulation of medical device manufacturing. In the event of any noncompliance with these requirements, interruption of our operations and/or ability to sell into these markets could occur, which in turn could cause our reputation and business to suffer. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Our failure to comply with environmental, health and safety, product stewardship and producer responsibility laws or regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to extensive and changing federal, state, local and international environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, concerning, among other things, the health and safety of our employees, the generation, use, storage, transportation, discharge and disposal of certain materials (including chemicals and hazardous substances) used in or derived from our manufacturing processes. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing the recyclability of products, the materials that may be included in products, and our obligations to dispose of these products after end users have finished with them. Additionally, we may be exposed to liability to our customers relating to the materials that may be included in the components that we procure for our customers' products. Any violation or alleged violation by us of these laws or regulations could subject us to significant costs, fines or other penalties, the suspension of production, or prohibitions on sales of products we manufacture. In addition, such regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or could require us to acquire costly equipment, or to incur other significant expenses, including expenses associated with the recall of any non-compliant product or with changes in our operational, procurement and inventory management activities. 
 We are also required to comply with an increasing number of global and local product environmental compliance regulations focused on the restriction of certain hazardous substances. We are subject to the EU directives, including the Restrictions of Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electrical Equipment ("RoHS"), the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive ("WEEE") as well as the EU's REACH regulation. In addition, new technical classifications of e-Waste were recently adopted in June 2022 by the Basel Convention regarding electronics repair and refurbishment which become effective January 1, 2025. Also of note is China's Management Methods for Controlling Pollution Caused by Electronic Information Products regulation, commonly referred to as "China RoHS", which restricts the importation into and production within China of electrical equipment containing certain hazardous materials. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United States. RoHS and other similar legislation bans or restricts the use of lead, mercury and certain other specified substances in electronics products and WEEE requires EU importers and/or producers to assume responsibility for the collection, recycling and management of waste electronic products and components. We have developed rigorous risk mitigating compliance programs designed to meet the needs of our customers as well as applicable regulations. These programs may include collecting compliance data from our suppliers, full laboratory testing and public reporting of other environmental metrics such as carbon emissions, electronic waste and water, and we also require our supply chain to comply. Non-compliance could potentially result in our customers refusing to purchase our products, and significant costs, penalties, and/or other sanctions, such as restrictions on our products entering certain jurisdictions. In the case of WEEE, the compliance responsibility rests primarily with the EU importers and/or producers rather than with EMS companies. However, customers may turn to EMS companies for assistance in meeting their obligations under WEEE. 
 In addition, we are responsible for the cleanup of contamination at some of our current and former manufacturing facilities and at some third party sites. If more stringent compliance or cleanup standards under environmental laws or regulations are imposed, or the results of future testing and analyses at our current or former operating facilities indicate that we are responsible for the release of hazardous substances into the air, ground and/or water, we may be subject to additional liability. Additional environmental matters may arise in the future at sites where no problem is currently known or at sites that we may acquire in the future. Some environmental laws impose liability without fault, leading companies to be responsible for investigating, removing, or remediating possible hazardous substances released at properties it owns or operates, regardless of when such substances were released. Additionally, we could be required to alter our manufacturing and operations and incur substantial expense in order to comply with environmental regulations. Our failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations or adequately address contaminated sites could limit our ability to expand our facilities or could require us to incur significant expenses, which would harm our business. 
 Failure to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in the payment of significant damages, which would reduce our net income. 
 We are subject to a variety of domestic and foreign employment laws, including those related to safety, wages and overtime, discrimination, whistle-blowing, classification of employees and severance payments. Enforcement activity relating to these laws, particularly outside of the United States, can increase as a result of increased media attention due to violations by other companies, changes in law, political and other factors. There can be no assurance that we won't be found to have violated such laws in the future, due to a more aggressive enforcement posture by governmental authorities or for any other reason. Any such violations could lead to the assessment of fines against us by federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities or damages payable to employees, which fines could be substantial and which would reduce our net income. 
 Our business could be impacted as a result of actions by activist shareholders or others. 
 We may be subject, from time to time, to legal and business challenges in the operation of our company due to actions instituted by activist shareholders or others. Responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, may not align 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 with our business strategies and could divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies. Perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of shareholder activism may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business or other instability and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners and may affect our relationships with vendors, customers and other third parties. 
 Failure to meet environmental, social and governance (ESG) expectations or standards, or to achieve our ESG goals, may have an adverse impact on our business, impose additional costs on us, and expose us to additional risks. 
 In recent years, there has been an increased focus from investors, customers, consumers, and other stakeholders, as well as by governmental and non-governmental organizations, on ESG matters, including greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions and climate-related risks, environmental stewardship, responsible sourcing, social responsibility, human capital management, diversity, equity, and inclusion, workplace conduct, data privacy and cybersecurity and human rights. This increased focus on sustainability including ESG is present in our industry. This attention has resulted in a variety of required and voluntary reporting regimes that are not harmonized and continue to change. For example, governments around the world have enacted or are contemplating legislation and regulations that may impact how we conduct and/or report on our business by requiring the disclosure and tracking of certain GHG emissions and other climate and biodiversity information, and/or cyber security or human capital matters related to our business. A number of our customers have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include social and environmental responsibility provisions that their suppliers should comply with, or they may seek to include such provisions in their procurement terms and conditions. In addition, an increasing number of investors have adopted, or may adopt, ESG policies with which they expect their portfolio companies to comply. 
 We currently align our sustainability program with the standards set forth by various voluntary sustainability initiatives and organizations, and we have joined the Science Based Targets Initiative and the U.N. Global Compact, voluntary initiatives for businesses to develop, implement and disclose sustainability policies and practices. These ESG practices, policies, provisions and initiatives are subject to change, can be unpredictable, and may be difficult and expensive for us to comply with. 
 We have established sustainability and ESG programs aligned with sound ESG principles and have established and publicly announced certain goals, commitments, and targets, which we may refine in the future. These programs, goals, commitments and targets reflect our current initiatives, plans and aspirations, and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Evolving stakeholder expectations, and our ability to successfully execute these initiatives and accurately report our progress and accomplish our goals present numerous operational, financial, legal, regulatory, reputational and other risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control, and all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Additionally, the implementation of and reporting on these initiatives impose additional costs on us and a diversion of resources. If our ESG initiatives fail to satisfy investors, current or potential customers, consumers and our other stakeholders, our reputation, our ability to manufacture and sell products and services, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquirer could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce or otherwise as may be required, or at all, could also have similar negative impacts and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 Climate change, and the legal and regulatory initiatives related to climate change, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 There continues to be increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other GHGs in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Changes in weather patterns and an increased frequency, intensity and duration of extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, wildfires, water or other natural resource shortages, droughts, or flooding, could, among other things, pose physical risks to and impair our production capabilities, disrupt the operations of our supply chain and infrastructure, and impact our customers and their demand for our services. The geographic locations of our manufacturing facilities could intensify the negative impacts resulting from any of these issues. As a result, the effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In many of the countries in which we operate, governmental bodies are increasingly enacting legislation and regulations in response to the potential impacts of climate change. For example, some have enacted or are contemplating legislation and regulations that may impact how we conduct and/or report on our business by requiring the disclosure and tracking of certain GHG emissions. These laws and regulations have, and will continue to have, the potential to impact our operations directly or indirectly as a result of required compliance by us and our suppliers. In addition, we have committed to reduce our absolute scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions by fifty percent by 2030 and to reach net zero GHG emissions by 2040 as part of our long-term sustainability strategy and we may take additional voluntary steps to mitigate our impact on climate change. As a result, we may experience increases in energy, production, transportation and raw material costs, capital expenditures and insurance premiums and deductibles. Inconsistency of legislation and regulations among jurisdictions may also affect the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations. Any assessment of the potential impact of 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 future climate change legislation, regulations or industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain given the scope of potential regulatory change in the countries in which we operate. Given the political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be addressed, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We own or lease facilities located primarily in the geographies listed below. Our facilities consist of a global network of industrial parks, regional manufacturing operations, and design, engineering and product introduction centers. The majority of the square footage is active manufacturing space used by the FRS and FAS operating segments, as both use these properties. Our facilities are well maintained and suitable for the operations conducted. The productive capacity of our plants is adequate for current needs. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the square footage of our facilities by region is as follows: 
 Approximate Square Footage (In millions) Asia 19.6 Americas 15.7 Europe 11.6 Total (1) 46.9 
 
 (1) Consists of 20.7 million square feet in facilities that we own with the remaining 26.2 million square feet in leased facilities. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a description of our material legal proceedings, see note 14 "Commitments and Contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements included under Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 MARKET AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION 
 Our ordinary shares are quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "FLEX." 
 As of May 12, 2023, there were 2,847 holders of record of our ordinary shares. This does not include persons whose stock is in nominee or "street name" accounts through brokers. 
 DIVIDENDS 
 Since inception, we have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares. We currently do not have plans to pay any cash dividends in fiscal year 2024. 
 CERTAIN TAXATION CONSIDERATIONS UNDER SINGAPORE LAW 
 Dividends. Singapore does not impose a withholding tax on dividends. All dividends on our ordinary shares are not taxable in Singapore to shareholders, provided that any dividends are paid to shareholders outside of Singapore for this purpose and such dividends are not received or deemed to be received in Singapore by shareholders and are not derived by shareholders pursuant to any trade or business carried on in Singapore. Certain tax exemptions are available for foreign-sourced dividends received by Singapore tax residents, subject to conditions. Since inception, we have not declared nor paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares, and we currently do not have plans to pay any cash dividends. 
 Gains on Disposal. Under current Singapore tax law there is no tax on capital gains, and thus any profits from the disposal of shares are not taxable in Singapore unless the gains arising from the disposal of shares are income in nature and subject to tax, especially if they arise from activities which the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore regards as the carrying on of a trade or business in Singapore (in which case, the profits on the sale would be taxable as trade or business profits rather than capital gains). 
 Shareholders who apply, or who are required to apply, the Singapore Financial Reporting Standard ("FRS") 39, FRS 109 or Singapore Financial Reporting Standard (International) 9 SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) for the purposes of Singapore income tax may be required to recognize gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the nature of capital) in accordance with the provisions of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) (as modified by the applicable provisions of Singapore income tax law) even though no sale or disposal of shares is made. 
 Stamp Duty . There is no stamp duty payable for holding shares, and no duty is payable on the issue of new shares. Singapore stamp duty is payable on a transfer of existing shares if there is an instrument of transfer executed in Singapore or if there is an instrument of transfer executed outside Singapore that is received in Singapore. In such situations, stamp duty is payable on the instrument of transfer of such shares at the rate of 0.2 of the consideration for, or market value of, such shares, whichever is higher. The stamp duty is borne by the purchaser unless there is an agreement to the contrary. If the instrument of transfer is executed outside of Singapore, the stamp duty must be paid only if the instrument of transfer is received in Singapore. 
 Estate Taxation. Singapore estate duty was abolished for deaths occurring on or after February 15, 2008. 
 Tax Treaties Regarding Withholding. There is no reciprocal income tax treaty between the U.S. and Singapore regarding withholding taxes on dividends and capital gains. 
 STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following stock price performance graph and accompanying information is not deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, regardless of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares, the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index and a peer group comprised of Benchmark Electronics, Inc., Celestica Inc., Jabil Inc., and Sanmina Corporation. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The graph below assumes that 100 was invested in our ordinary shares, in the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index and in the peer group described above on March 31, 2018 and reflects the annual return through March 31, 2023, assuming dividend reinvestment. 
 The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not indicative of, or intended to forecast, the possible future performances of our ordinary shares. 
 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Flex, the S P 500 Index, and Peer Group 
 
 3/18 3/19 3/20 3/21 3/22 3/23 Flex Ltd. 100.00 61.24 51.29 112.12 113.59 140.89 S P 500 Index 100.00 109.50 101.86 159.25 184.17 169.94 Peer Group 100.00 94.41 79.94 154.03 174.45 240.74 
 Prepared by Zacks Investment Research, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Copyright 1980-2023. 
 Index Data: Copyright Standard and Poor's, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information regarding purchases of our ordinary shares made by us for the period from January 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023. 
 Period (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1 - February 3, 2023 770,845 23.33 770,845 919,054,492 February 4 - March 3, 2023 919,054,492 March 4 - March 31, 2023 1,222,841 21.25 1,222,841 893,066,204 Total 1,993,686 1,993,686 
 
 (1) During the period from January 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023, all purchases were made pursuant to the program discussed below in open market transactions. All purchases were made in accordance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 (2) On August 25, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized repurchases of our outstanding ordinary shares for up to 1.0 billion. This is in accordance with the share purchase mandate whereby our shareholders approved a repurchase limit of 20 of our issued ordinary shares outstanding at the Annual General Meeting held on the same date as the Board authorization. As of March 31, 2023, shares in the aggregate amount of 893 million were available to be repurchased under the current plan. 
 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 None. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [ RESERVED ] 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. We discuss factors that we believe could cause or contribute to these differences below and elsewhere in this report, including those set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are the diversified manufacturing partner of choice that helps market-leading brands design, build and deliver innovative products that improve the world. Through the collective strength of a global workforce across approximately 30 countries with responsible, sustainable operations, we support the entire product lifecycle with advanced manufacturing solutions and operate one of the most trusted global supply chains. We also provide additional value to customers through a broad array of services, including design and engineering, component services, rapid prototyping, fulfillment, and circular economy solutions. We support a diverse set of industries including cloud, communications, enterprise, automotive, industrial, consumer devices, lifestyle, healthcare, and energy. As of March 31, 2023, our three operating and reportable segments were as follows: 
 Flex Agility Sol utions ("FAS"), which is comprised of the following end markets: 
 Communications, Enterprise and Cloud ("CEC") , including data infrastructure, edge infrastructure and communications infrastructure 
 Lifestyle , including appliances, consumer packaging, floorcare, micro mobility and audio 
 Consumer Devices , including mobile and high velocity consumer devices. 
 Flex Reliability Solutions ("FRS"), which is comprised of the following end markets: 
 Automotive , including next generation mobility, autonomous, connectivity, electrification, and smart technologies 
 Health Solutions , including medical devices, medical equipment, and drug delivery 
 Industrial , including capital equipment, industrial devices, and renewables and grid edge. 
 Nextracker, the leading provider of intelligent, integrated solar tracker and software solutions that are used in utility-scale and ground-mounted distributed generation solar projects around the world. Nextracker's products enable solar panels to follow the sun s movement across the sky and optimize plant performance. 
 Our strategy is to provide customers with a full range of cost competitive, vertically-integrated global supply chain solutions through which we can design, build, ship and service a complete packaged product for our customers. This enables our customers to leverage our supply chain solutions to meet their product requirements throughout the entire product lifecycle. 
 Over the past few years, we have seen an increased level of diversification by many companies, primarily in the technology sector. Some companies that have historically identified themselves as software providers, Internet service providers or e-commerce retailers have entered the highly competitive and rapidly evolving technology hardware markets, such as mobile devices, home entertainment and wearable devices. This trend has resulted in a significant change in the manufacturing and supply chain solution requirements of such companies. While the products have become more complex, the supply chain solutions required by such companies have become more customized and demanding, and it has changed the manufacturing and supply chain landscape significantly. 
 We use a portfolio approach to manage our extensive service offerings. As our customers change the way they go to market, we have the capability to reorganize and rebalance our business portfolio in order to align with our customers' needs and requirements in an effort to optimize operating results. The objective of our business model is to allow us to be flexible and redeploy and reposition our assets and resources as necessary to meet specific customers' supply chain solution needs across all the markets we serve and earn a return on our invested capital above the weighted average cost of that capital. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that our continued business transformation is strategically positioning us to take advantage of the long-term, future growth prospects for outsourcing of advanced manufacturing capabilities, design and engineering services and after-market services. 
 Nextracker IPO 
 On February 13, 2023, our subsidiary, Nextracker completed an IPO of 30,590,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a public offering price of 24.00 per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. Upon the closing of the IPO, Flex beneficially owned 61.4 of the total outstanding shares of Nextracker s capital stock and received net proceeds of approximately 694 million, after deducting approximately 40 million in underwriting discounts. Refer to " Risk Factors - We may not achieve some or all of the intended benefits of Nextracker being a separate, publicly-traded company, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. " 
 Following Nextracker's IPO and a series of reorganization transactions, Nextracker now operates under an umbrella partnership C corporation ("Up-C") structure, in which all of the business and affairs of Nextracker LLC (the "LLC") are operated and controlled by Nextracker. See note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information. 
 Update on the Impact of COVID-19, Component Shortages and Logistical Constraints on our Business 
 With the series of waves of the global pandemic including follow-on variants of COVID-19, renewed disease control measures were taken during fiscal year 2023 to limit the spread including movement bans and shelter-in-place orders. Although not materially impacting our results in fiscal year 2023, with the lockdowns in China in the first half of fiscal year 2023 and COVID-19 outbreaks in China in the second half of fiscal year 2023, we experienced temporary plant closures and/or restrictions at certain of our manufacturing facilities in China. We continue to closely monitor the situation in all the locations where we operate. Our priority remains the welfare of our employees. Component shortages and logistical constraints improved as the year progressed, however, we continue to see constraints in large-node semiconductors. We continue to carefully monitor potential supply chain disruptions. Refer to Risk Factors - The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may in the future again have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. and " Supply chain disruptions, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, have in the past affected, and may in the future, affect our ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, or result in excess or obsolete inventory. We have been and continue to be adversely affected by supply chain issues, including shortages of required electronic components." 
 We are continuously evaluating our capital structure in response to the current environment and expect that our current financial condition, including our liquidity sources are adequate to fund future commitments. See additional discussion in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below. 
 Russian Invasion of Ukraine 
 We are monitoring and responding to the conflict in Ukraine and the associated sanctions and other restrictions. As of the date of this report, there is no material impact to our business operations and financial performance in Ukraine. The full impact of the conflict on our business operations and financial performance remains uncertain and will depend on future developments, including the severity and duration of the conflict and its impact on regional and global economic conditions. We will continue to monitor the conflict and assess the related restrictions and other effects and pursue prudent decisions for our team members, customers, and business. 
 Business Overview 
 We are one of the world's largest providers of global supply chain solutions, with revenues of 30.3 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. We have established an extensive network of manufacturing facilities in the world's major consumer and enterprise markets (Asia, the Americas, and Europe) to serve the growing outsourcing needs of both multinational and regional customers. We design, build, ship, and service consumer and enterprise products for our customers through a network of over 100 facilities in approximately 30 countries across four continents. We also provide intelligent, integrated solar tracker and software solutions used in utility-scale and ground-mounted distributed generation solar projects around the world. As of March 31, 2023, our total manufacturing capacity was approximately 27 million square feet. The following tables set forth the relative percentages and dollar amounts of net sales by region and by country, and net property and equipment, by country, based on the location of our manufacturing sites (amounts may not sum due to rounding): 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (In millions) Net sales by region: Americas 13,773 45 10,839 42 Asia 10,361 34 9,601 37 Europe 6,212 21 5,601 21 30,346 26,041 Net sales by country: Mexico 6,589 22 5,059 19 China 6,539 22 6,146 24 U.S. 5,020 17 3,690 14 Malaysia 2,448 8 1,866 7 Brazil 2,046 7 2,022 8 Hungary 1,310 4 1,230 5 Other 6,394 20 6,028 23 30,346 26,041 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (In millions) Property and equipment, net: Mexico 763 32 626 29 U.S. 365 16 354 17 China 338 14 299 14 Malaysia 152 6 110 5 Hungary 140 6 118 6 India 96 4 129 6 Other 495 22 489 23 2,349 2,125 
 
 We believe that the combination of our extensive open innovation platform solutions, design and engineering services, advanced supply chain management solutions and services, significant scale and global presence, and manufacturing campuses in low-cost geographic areas provide us with a competitive advantage and strong differentiation in the market for designing, manufacturing and servicing consumer and enterprise products for leading multinational and regional customers. Specifically, we offer our customers the ability to simplify their global product development, manufacturing process, and after-sales services, and enable them to meaningfully accelerate their time to market and cost savings. 
 Our operating results are affected by a number of factors, including the following: 
 weak global economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, currency volatility, slower growth or recession, higher interest rates, and geopolitical uncertainty (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine); 
 
 the mix of the manufacturing services we are providing, the number, size, and complexity of new manufacturing programs, the degree to which we utilize our manufacturing capacity, seasonal demand, and other factors; 
 
 the effects on our business when our customers are not successful in marketing their products, or when their products do not gain widespread commercial acceptance; 
 37 

Table of Contents 

our ability to achieve commercially viable production yields and to manufacture components in commercial quantities to the performance specifications demanded by our customers; 
 
 the effects that current credit and market conditions (including as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine) could have on the liquidity and financial condition of our customers and suppliers, including any impact on their ability to meet their contractual obligations; 
 
 the impacts on our business due to component shortages, disruptions in transportation or other supply chain related constraints including as a result of the COVID-19 global pandemic; 
 
 the remaining effects of the COVID-19 global pandemic on our business and results of operations; 
 
 the effects on our business due to certain customers' products having short product lifecycles; 
 
 our customers' ability to cancel or delay orders or change production quantities; 
 
 our customers' decisions to choose internal manufacturing instead of outsourcing for their product requirements; 
 
 integration of acquired businesses and facilities; 
 
 increased labor costs due to adverse labor conditions in the markets we operate; 
 
 changes in tax legislation; and 
 
 changes in trade regulations and treaties. 
 We also are subject to other risks as outlined in Item 1A, "Risk Factors". 
 Net sales for fiscal year 2023 increased approximately 17 , or 4.3 billion, to 30.3 billion from the prior year. The increase in sales was notable in all three segments. Net sales for our FAS segment increased 1.7 billion, or 12 , from the prior year, driven by strong growth in our CEC business and, to a lesser extent, an increase in our Lifestyle business. These increases were driven by a reduced impact from COVID-19 production pressures during the current year versus the prior year, coupled with new program wins, ramps, and clear-to-build improvement. The increases noted in FAS during fiscal year 2023 were partially offset by a decrease in our Consumer Devices business primarily due to relatively softer market demand and planned project completions in fiscal year 2022. Net sales for our FRS segment increased 2.1 billion, or 20 , from the prior year, primarily driven by strong increases in sales from our Industrial and Automotive businesses and, to a lesser extent, an increase in our Health Solutions business due to strong customer demand and ramps across various end markets coupled with incremental revenues from our Anord Mardix acquisition and the recovery of inflationary costs, despite continued supply constraints. Net sales for our Nextracker segment increased 0.4 billion, or 31 , from the prior year, primarily driven by an increase in gigawatts delivered and, to a lesser extent, an increased average selling price which was in part driven by an increase in recovered logistics costs. Our fiscal year 2023 gross profit totaled 2.3 billion, representing an increase of 0.3 billion, or 17 , from the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by the overall strong customer demand across various end markets which allowed for improved fixed cost absorption, despite continued margin pressures from component shortages, logistics constraints and the pass-through effect of inflationary cost recoveries. Our net income totaled 1.0 billion, representing an increase of 0.1 billion, or 10 , compared to fiscal year 2022, due to the factors explained above along with lower income taxes in fiscal year 2023, offset by the absence of an approximate 150 million non-cash gain recorded in fiscal year 2022 related to certain tax credits in Brazil and higher interest expense in fiscal year 2023. 
 Cash provided by operations decreased by approximately 0.1 billion primarily driven by the 0.2 billion decrease in changes in working capital and other, net offset by 0.1 billion increase in net income. Refer to "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section for further details of changes in working capital and other, net. 
 We believe adjusted free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments, fund acquisitions, repurchase company shares and for certain other activities. Our adjusted free cash flow is defined as cash from operations, less net purchases of property and equipment to present adjusted cash flows on a consistent basis for investor transparency. Our adjusted free cash flow was 0.3 billion and 0.6 billion for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. Refer to the Liquidity and Capital Resources section for the adjusted free cash flows reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure of cash flows from 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 operations. Cash used in investing activities decreased by approximately 0.3 billion to a cash outflow of 0.6 billion for fiscal year 2023, compared with a cash outflow of 1.0 billion for fiscal year 2022, primarily due to 0.5 billion of cash paid for the acquisition of Anord Mardix in fiscal year 2022 offset by an increase of approximately 0.2 billion of cash paid for purchases of property and equipment in fiscal year 2023. Cash provided by financing activities decreased by approximately 0.3 billion primarily driven by a 0.8 billion increase in net debt repayment partially offset by 0.3 billion in lower share repurchases and a net 0.2 billion increase in Nextracker related proceeds associated with Nextracker s IPO in fiscal year 2023, compared to the proceeds received from the sale of Nextracker redeemable preferred units in fiscal year 2022. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP" or "GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its long-term impacts and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, there has been and we expect there will continue to be uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and financial markets. We have made estimates and assumptions taking into consideration certain possible impacts due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. These estimates may change, as new events occur, and additional information is obtained. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
 We believe the following critical accounting estimates affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For further discussion of our significant accounting policies, refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 Revenue Recognition 
 In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to recognize, we apply the following steps: (i) identify the contracts with the customers; (ii) identify performance obligations in the contracts; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations per the contracts; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. Further, we assess whether control of the product or services promised under the contract is transferred to the customer at a point in time (PIT) or over time (OT). We are first required to evaluate whether our contracts meet the criteria for OT recognition. We have determined that for a portion of our contracts, we are manufacturing products for which there is no alternative use (due to the unique nature of the customer-specific product and intellectual property restrictions) and we have an enforceable right to payment including a reasonable profit for work-in-progress inventory with respect to these contracts. For certain other contracts, the Company s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Company performs under the contract. As a result, revenue is recognized under these contracts OT based on the cost-to-cost method as it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer based on the ratio of costs incurred to date as compared to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. For all other contracts that do not meet these criteria, we recognize revenue when we have transferred control of the related manufactured products which generally occurs upon delivery and passage of title to the customer. Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further details. 
 Customer Contracts and Related Obligations 
 Certain of our customer agreements include potential price adjustments which may result in variable consideration. These price adjustments include, but are not limited to, sharing of cost savings, committed price reductions, material margins earned over the period that are contractually required to be paid to the customers, rebates, refunds tied to performance metrics such as on-time delivery, and other periodic pricing resets that may be refundable to customers. We estimate the variable consideration related to these price adjustments as part of the total transaction price and recognize revenue in accordance with the pattern applicable to the performance obligation, subject to a constraint. We constrain the amount of revenues recognized for these contractual provisions based on our best estimate of the amount which will not result in a significant reversal of revenue in a future period. We determine the amounts to be recognized based on the amount of potential refunds required by the contract, historical experience and other surrounding facts and circumstances. Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further details. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value. Our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, short-term customer commitments and rapid changes in demand. We purchase our inventory based on forecasted demand and anticipated component shortages, and we estimate write downs for excess and obsolete inventory based on our regular reviews of inventory quantities on hand, and the latest forecasts of product demand and production requirements from our customers. If actual market conditions or our customers' product demands are less favorable 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 than those projected, additional write downs may be required. In addition, unanticipated changes in the liquidity or financial position of our customers and/or changes in economic conditions may require additional write downs for inventories due to our customers' inability to fulfill their contractual obligations with regards to inventory procured to fulfill customer demand. 
 Carrying Value of Long-Lived Assets 
 We review property and equipment and acquired amortizable intangible assets for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value. Recoverability of property and equipment and acquired amortizable intangible assets are measured by comparing their carrying amount to the projected cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If such asset groups are determined to be impaired, the impairment loss recognized, if any, is the amount by which the carrying amount of the property and equipment and acquired amortizable intangible assets exceeds fair value. Our judgments regarding projected cash flows for an extended period of time and the fair value of assets may be impacted by changes in market conditions, the general business environment and other factors including future developments of the remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which remain highly uncertain and unpredictable. To the extent our estimates relating to cash flows and fair value of assets change adversely we may have to recognize material impairment charges in the future. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. Recoverability of goodwill is measured at the reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit's carrying amount, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit, which is measured based upon, among other factors, market multiples for comparable companies as well as a discounted cash flow analysis. These approaches use significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy and require us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates and discount rates which consider our budgets, business plans and economic projections, and are believed to reflect market participant views. Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management, including interest rates, cost of capital, tax rates, market EBITDA comparables and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units, it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value, it could result in material impairments of our goodwill. Refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further detail on our goodwill. 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 Interests held by third parties in a consolidated majority-owned subsidiary are presented as noncontrolling interest, which represents the noncontrolling equity holders' interest in the underlying net assets of our consolidated majority-owned subsidiary. Noncontrolling interest, where we may be required to repurchase the noncontrolling interest under a contractual redemption requirement, is reported in the consolidated balance sheets between liabilities and equity, as redeemable noncontrolling interest RNCI ). Refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further discussion. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our deferred income tax assets represent temporary differences between the carrying amount and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities, which will result in deductible amounts in future years, including net operating loss carry forwards. Based on estimates, the carrying value of our net deferred tax assets assumes that it is more likely than not that we will be able to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions to realize these deferred income tax assets. Our judgments regarding future profitability may change due to future market conditions, changes in U.S. or international tax laws and other factors. If these estimates and related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to increase or decrease our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets previously recognized, resulting in additional or lesser income tax expense. 
 We are regularly subject to tax return audits and examinations by various taxing jurisdictions around the world, and there can be no assurance that the final determination of any tax examinations will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of a current or future examination, there could be a material adverse effect on our tax position, operating results, financial position and cash flows. Refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further discussion of our tax position. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of net sales (amounts may not sum due to rounding). The financial information and the discussion below should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." As further discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, the prior year amounts related to equity in earnings from our unconsolidated investments previously was included in the "other charges (income), net" caption and are now presented separately under "equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates" in the consolidated statements of operations. For comparability purposes, the prior periods have been recast to conform to the current presentation. The reclassifications had no effect on the previously reported results of operations. 
 For a discussion of our results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, refer to Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 
 The data below, and discussion that follows, represents our results from operations, and relative percentages. 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Net sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 92.4 92.5 Restructuring charges 0.1 0.1 Gross profit 7.5 7.4 Selling, general and administrative expenses 3.3 3.4 Intangible amortization 0.3 0.3 Restructuring charges Operating income 3.9 3.7 Interest, net 0.7 0.6 Other charges (income), net (0.7) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates (0.2) Income before income taxes 3.2 4.0 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (0.2) 0.4 Net income 3.4 3.6 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest 0.8 Net income attributable to Flex Ltd. 2.6 3.6 
 Net sales 
 The following table sets forth our net sales by segment, and their relative percentages: 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Net sales: (In millions) Flex Agility Solutions 15,769 52 14,027 54 Flex Reliability Solutions 12,733 42 10,603 41 Nextracker 1,903 6 1,458 6 Intersegment eliminations (59) (47) 30,346 26,041 
 
 Net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 totaled 30.3 billion, representing an increase of approximately 4.3 billion, or 17 , from 26.0 billion for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. Net sales for our FAS s egment increased 1.7 billion, or 12 , from the prior year, mainly due to an increase in net sales of 30 in our CEC business and 2 in our Lifestyle business due to new ramps, customer expansion, along with some effect from inflation pass-through while overcoming challenges from supply constraints. These increases in FAS were offset by a 19 decrease in net sales in our Consumer 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Devices business due to relatively softer market demand and a planned project completion in the fiscal year ended 2022. Net sales in our FRS segment increased 2.1 billion, or 20 , driven primarily by an increase of 24 in net sales in our Industrial business, a 22 increase in our Automotive business, and a 9 increase in our Health Solutions business from the prior year due to strong customer demand and ramps across various end markets coupled with incremental revenues from our Anord Mardix acquisition and the recovery of inflationary costs, despite continued supply constraints. Net sales for our Nextracker segment increased 0.4 billion, or 31 , from the prior year driven by an increase in gigawatts delivered and, to a lesser extent, an increased average selling price which was in part driven by an increase in recovered logistics costs. 
 Net sales increased across all regions with a 2.9 billion increase to 13.8 billion in the Americas, a 0.8 billion increase to 10.4 billion in Asia, and a 0.6 billion increase to 6.2 billion in Europe. 
 Our ten largest customers during fiscal years 2023 and 2022 accounted for approximately 34 of net sales. We have made substantial efforts to diversify our portfolio which allows us to operate at scale in many different industries, and, as a result, no customer accounted for greater than 10 of net sales in fiscal years 2023 or 2022. 
 Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales is affected by a number of factors, including the number and size of new manufacturing programs, product mix, labor cost fluctuations by region, component costs and availability and capacity utilization. 
 Cost of sales during fiscal year 2023 totaled 28.1 billion, representin g an increase of ap proximately 4.0 billion, or 16 from 24.1 billion during fiscal year 2022. Th e increase in cost of sales is most notable in our FRS segment. Cost of sales in FRS for fiscal year 2023 increased 2.0 billion, or approximately 21 from fiscal year 2022, which is in line with the 20 increase in revenue, primarily as a result of higher revenue in our Industrial and Automotive businesses. Cost of sales in FAS increased 1.6 billion, or approximately 12 , from fiscal year 2022, which is relatively consistent with the 12 increase in revenue, primarily as a result of higher revenue in our CEC and Lifestyle businesses, and partially offset by improved efficiencies. Cost of sales in our Nextracker segment increased 0.3 billion, or approximately 23 from fiscal year 2022, primarily due to the 31 increase in sales noted above, partially offset by improved recovery on freight and logistics cost increases. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit is affected by a fluctuation in costs of sales elements as outlined above and further by a number of factors, including product lifecycles, unit volumes, product mix, pricing, competition, new product introductions, and the expansion or consolidation of manufacturing facilities, as well as specific restructuring activities initiated from time to time. The flexible design of our manufacturing processes allows us to manufacture a broad range of products in our facilities and better utilize our manufacturing capacity across our diverse geographic footprint and service customers from all segments. In the case of new programs, profitability normally lags revenue growth due to product start-up costs, lower manufacturing program volumes in the start-up phase, operational inefficiencies, and under-absorbed overhead. Gross margin for these programs often improves over time as manufacturing volumes increase, as our utilization rates and overhead absorption improve, and as we increase the level of manufacturing services content. As a result of these various factors, our gross margin varies from period to period. 
 Gross profit during fiscal year 2023 increased 0.3 billion to 2.3 billion, or 7.5 of net sales, from 1.9 billion, or 7.4 of net sales, during fiscal year 2022 . The increase in gross profit during fiscal year 2023 primarily resulted from the overall stronger customer demand across various end markets which allowed for improved fixed cost absorption, despite continued pressure on margins from component shortages, logistics constraints and the pass-through effect of inflationary cost recoveries, compared to the prior year. 
 Segment income 
 An operating segment's performance is evaluated based on its pre-tax operating contribution, or segment income. Segment income is defined as net sales less cost of sales, and segment selling, general and administrative expenses, and does not include amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation, customer related asset recoveries, restructuring charges, legal and other, interest, net, other charges (income), net, and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. A portion of depreciation is allocated to the respective segments, together with other general corporate, research and development and administrative expenses. 
 The following table sets forth segment income and margins. Segment margins in the table below may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (In millions) Segment income: Flex Agility Solutions 694 4.4 605 4.3 Flex Reliability Solutions 607 4.8 546 5.1 Nextracker 203 10.7 90 6.2 
 
 FAS segment mar gin increased 10 basis points, to 4.4 for fiscal year 2023, from 4.3 for fiscal year 2022. The margin increase during the period was driven by strong execution against new project ramps and product mix, partially offset by elevated costs due to component shortages and logistics constraints and the effect of certain inflation pass-through recoveries. 
 FRS segment margin decreased 30 basis points, to 4.8 for fiscal year 2023, from 5.1 for fiscal year 2022. The margin decrease in the FRS segment was primarily driven by component shortage-related production disruptions, inflationary cost pressures as well as program investments impacting our Automotive and Health Solutions businesses during fiscal year 2023. 
 Nextracker segment margin increased 450 basis points, to 10.7 for fiscal year 2023, from 6.2 for fiscal year 2022 driven primarily by improved pricing and better cost controls and better cost absorption with increased revenue. 
 Restructuring charges 
 We continued to identify certain structural changes to restructure the business throughout fiscal year 2023. During fiscal year 2023, we recognized approximately 27 million of restructuring charges, primarily related to employee severance. During fiscal year 2022, we recognized approximately 15 million of restructuring charges, primarily related to employee severance. 
 Refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further discussion of our restructuring activities. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG A") totaled 1.0 billion, or 3.3 of net sales, during fiscal year 2023, compared to 0.9 billion, or 3.4 of net sales, during fiscal year 2022, increasing by 103 million or 12 , which reflects our enhanced cost control efforts to support higher revenue growth while keeping our SG A expenses relatively flat. 
 Intangible amortization 
 Amortization of intangible assets in fiscal years 2023 and 2022 were 82 million and 68 million, respectively, representing an increase of 14 million, fro m fiscal year 2022, primarily due to amortization expense related to new intangible assets from the Anord Mardix acquisition completed in December 2021, partially offset by certain intangible assets being fully amortized during fiscal year 2023. 
 Interest, net 
 Interest, net was 201 million during fiscal year 2023, compared to 152 million during fiscal year 2022, increasing 49 million primarily due to higher variable interest expense during fiscal year 2023. 
 Other charges (income), net 
 During fiscal year 2023, we recorded 5 million of other charges, net, compared to 164 million of other income, net, in fiscal year 2022, which was primarily driven by a 150 million gain related to a Brazilian tax credit recognized in fiscal year 2022 coupled with 25 million reduction in foreign exchange transaction gains compared to fiscal year 2022. 
 Refer to note 17 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further discussion of our other charges (income), net. 
 Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates 
 During fiscal year 2023, we recorded 4 million of equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates, compared to 61 million of equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates during fiscal year 2022. The decrease during fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to lower investment fund gains versus fiscal year 2022, resulting from discrete market events such as initial public offerings and financing rounds completed by certain companies included in those funds. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Income taxes 
 We work to ensure that we accrue and pay the appropriate amount of income taxes according to the laws and regulations of each jurisdiction in which we operate. Certain of our subsidiaries have, at various times, been granted tax relief in their respective countries, resulting in lower income taxes than would otherwise be the case under ordinary tax rates. The consolidated effective tax rates were (6.1) and 10.0 for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The effective rate varies from the Singapore statutory rate of 17.0 in each year as a result of the following items: 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Income taxes based on domestic statutory rates 17.0 17.0 Effect of jurisdictional tax rate differential 0.5 (10.9) Change in unrecognized tax benefit (0.7) 1.1 Change in valuation allowance (4.8) 1.1 Foreign exchange movement on prior year taxes recoverable 0.4 (0.9) Tax impacts related to sale of Nextracker 1.6 1.2 APB 23 tax liability 0.1 Restructuring of Nextracker LLC interest (20.0) Other (0.1) 1.3 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (6.1) 10.0 
 
 The variation in our effective tax rate each year is primarily a result of recognition of earnings in foreign jurisdictions which are taxed at rates lower than the Singapore statutory rate including the effect of tax holidays and tax incentives we received primarily for our subsidiaries in China, Malaysia, Costa Rica, Netherlands and Israel of 14 million and 23 million in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The primary driver of the negative effective tax rate for fiscal year 2023 relates to the recording of a 195 million deferred tax asset, with an offsetting entry to income tax benefit fully attributable to noncontrolling interest in connection with the Nextracker IPO whereby Nextracker Inc. purchased Nextracker LLC units from a related Flex U.S. subsidiary. Additionally, our effective tax rate is impacted by changes in our liabilities for uncertain tax positions of 7) million, and 12 million and changes in our valuation allowances on deferred tax assets of 47) million and 12 million in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. We generate most of our revenues and profits from operations outside of Singapore. 
 We are regularly subject to tax return audits and examinations by various taxing jurisdictions around the world, and there can be no assurance that the final determination of any tax examinations will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of a current or future examination, there could be a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, tax position, operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 We provide a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets that in our estimation are not more likely than not to be realized. During fiscal year 2023, we released valuation allowances totaling 12 million, which related primarily to certain operations in Australia, and the Netherlands, as these amounts were deemed to be more likely than not to be realized due to the sustained profitability during the past three fiscal years as well as continued forecasted profitability of those operations. During fiscal year 2023, we also added 12 million in valuation allowances primarily for the deferred tax assets related to operations in Hungary, Canada, and Switzerland. Various other valuation allowance positions were also reduced due to varying factors such as recognition of uncertain tax positions impacting deferred tax assets, one-time income recognition in loss entities, and foreign exchange impacts on deferred tax balances, and increased deferred tax assets as a result of current period losses in legal entities with existing full valuation allowance positions. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest was 240 million during fiscal year 2023, compared to 4 million during fiscal year 2022, increasing 236 million primarily due to the Nextracker IPO during fiscal year 2023. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 In response to the recent challenging environment following the COVID-19 pandemic, we continuously evaluate our ability to meet our obligations over the next 12 months and have proactively reset our capital structure during these times to improve maturities and liquidity. As a result, we expect that our current financial condition, including our liquidity sources, are adequate to fund current and future commitments. As of March 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 3.3 billion and bank and other borrowings of approximately 3.8 billion. We have a 2.5 billion revolving credit facility that is due to mature in July 2027 (the "2027 Credit Facility"), under which we had no borrowings outstanding as of March 31, 2023. In fiscal year 2023, we also entered into a 450 million delayed draw term loan credit agreement, under which 300 million was repaid during fiscal year 2023, and we had 150 million of borrowings outstanding as of March 31, 2023. During fiscal year 2023, we also issued 400 million of 6.000 Notes due January 2028. The proceeds obtained, together with cash on hand, were used for general corporate purposes, which included redeeming 500 million in aggregate principal amount of our 5.000 notes due 2023 on December 20, 2022 and for working capital requirements. We also borrowed 250 million, under a one-year term-loan agreement. The proceeds of the term loan were used to repay the outstanding 250 million Euro term loan due on December 9, 2022. During fiscal year 2023, the Company repaid all outstanding Euro term loans. Nextracker also entered into a new 500 million revolving credit facility agreement (the "Nextracker Revolver") and borrowed 150 million under a five-year term loan facility in fiscal year 2023 that is due to mature in February 2028. There were no borrowings outstanding under the 500 million Nextracker Revolver as of March 31, 2023. Refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statement in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for additional details. As of March 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants under all of our credit facilities and indentures, we also expect to remain in compliance with the covenants in the upcoming 12 months for our credit facilities and indentures. 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statement in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data", our subsidiary Nextracker completed its IPO on February 13, 2023. We received 694 million in net proceeds from the offering, which includes the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, after deducting approximately 40 million in underwriting discounts. We currently do not expect Nextracker to declare or pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future, other than tax distributions and certain cash distributions related to the impact of taxes pursuant to the tax receivable agreement by and among Nextracker, Nextracker LLC, Yuma, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Yuma ), Yuma Subsidiary, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yuma, TPG Rise Flash, L.P., ("TPG Rise"), an affiliate of the private equity firm TPG TPG ), and the following affiliates of TPG: TPG Rise Climate Flash Cl BDH, L.P., TPG Rise Climate BDH, L.P. and The Rise Fund II BDH, L.P. If Nextracker discontinues the payment of, or is unable to pay, such distributions to us, this will reduce our available liquidity. Furthermore, the terms of indebtedness incurred by Nextracker may, and the terms of the Nextracker Revolver will, limit the ability of Nextracker to pay dividends or make other distributions to us, or to amend the agreements between Nextracker and us and our other subsidiaries. In fiscal year 2023, the amount of dividends declared and paid by Nextracker to TPG Rise was 22 million. 
 Our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world. As of March 31, 2023, approximately 27 of our cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries outside of Singapore. Although substantially all of the amounts held outside of Singapore could be repatriated, under current laws, a significant amount could be subject to income tax withholdings. We provide for tax liabilities on these amounts for financial statement purposes, except for certain of our foreign earnings that are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Singapore (approximately 1.9 billion as of March 31, 2023). Repatriation could result in an additional income tax payment; however, for the majority of our foreign entities, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of Singapore and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our operations in jurisdictions outside of where they are held. Where local restrictions prevent an efficient intercompany transfer of funds, our intent is that cash balances would remain outside of Singapore and we would meet our liquidity needs through ongoing cash flows, external borrowings, or both. 
 The following is a discussion of our cash flows for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. For a discussion of our cash flows for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, please refer to Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 
 Fiscal Year 2023 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 1.0 billion during fiscal year 2023. The total cash provided by operating activities resulted primarily from 1.0 billion of net income for the period plus 0.5 billion of non-cash charges such as depreciation, amortization, non-cash lease expense, restructuring and impairment charges, provision for doubtful accounts, deferred income taxes and stock-based compensation. Depreciation expense was 0.4 billion and relatively consistent with prior years. These additions were offset by a net change in our operating assets and liabilities of 0.6 billion primarily driven by changes in net working capital as discussed below. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We believe net working capital is a key metric that measures our liquidity. Net working capital is calculated as current assets less current liabilities. Net working capital increased by 1.6 billion to 5.2 billion as of March 31, 2023, from 3.6 billion as of March 31, 2022. This increase was primarily driven by a 0.9 billion increase in inventories due to strong demand, coupled with increased buffer stock to address continued component shortages and logistics constraints, clear-to build constraints and logistics challenges and increases in inventory pricing, an 0.8 billion decrease in bank borrowings and current portion of long-term debt due to debt repayments, a 0.4 billion increase in accounts receivable, net and a 0.3 billion decrease in accounts payable, partially offset by a 1.1 billion increase in deferred revenue and customer working capital advances due to advances from customers to offset required investments in inventory. 
 Cash used in investing activities totaled 0.6 billion during fiscal year 2023. This was primarily driven by 0.6 billion of capital expenditures for property and equipment to continue expanding capabilities and capacity in support of our expanding CEC, Industrial, Health Solutions and Automotive businesses. 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 2 million during fiscal year 2023. This was primarily driven by 0.7 billion of net proceeds received from the sale of Nextracker Class A common stock through the IPO and 0.7 billion of proceeds from bank borrowings and long-term debt, partially offset by 1.0 billion net cash for repayments of bank borrowings and long-term debt, and 0.3 billion of cash paid for the repurchase of our ordinary shares. Refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statement in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for additional details. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 1.0 billion during fiscal year 2022. The total cash provided by operating activities resulted primarily from 0.9 billion of net income for the period plus 0.6 billion of non-cash charges such as depreciation, amortization, non-cash lease expense, restructuring and impairment charges, provision for doubtful accounts, deferred income taxes and stock-based compensation. Depreciation expense was 0.4 billion and relatively consistent with prior years. These additions were offset by a net change in our operating assets and liabilities of 0.5 billion primarily driven by changes in net working capital, partially offset by an increase in cash from other current liabilities of 1.1 billion primarily attributed to customer advances received. 
 Cash used in investing activities totaled 1.0 billion during fiscal year 2022. This was primarily driven by approximately 0.5 billion of cash paid for the acquisition of Anord Mardix in December 2021, net of cash acquired, and approximately 0.4 billion of capital expenditures for property and equipment to continue expanding capabilities and capacity in support of our expanding Lifestyle, Automotive, and Industrial businesses. 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 0.3 billion during fiscal year 2022. This was primarily driven by 0.7 billion of proceeds received in aggregate, after premiums, following the issuance of the HUF 100 billion Bonds due December 2031 and the 350 million term loan due December 2022, and 0.5 billion of proceeds received from the sale of Nextracker redeemable preferred units, partially offset by 0.7 billion of cash paid for the repurchase of our ordinary shares and 0.2 billion of cash paid for the repayment of the Euro term loan due January 2022. 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 We believe adjusted free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments, fund acquisitions, repurchase company shares and for certain other activities. Our adjusted free cash flow is defined as cash from operations, less net purchases of property and equipment to present adjusted cash flows on a consistent basis for investors. Our adjusted free cash flow was 0.3 billion and 0.6 billion for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. Adjusted free cash flow is not a measure of liquidity under U.S. GAAP, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. Adjusted free cash flow should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net cash provided by operating activities. Adjusted free cash flows reconcile to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure of cash flows from operations as follows: 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (In millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 950 1,024 Purchases of property and equipment (635) (443) Proceeds from the disposition of property and equipment 20 11 Adjusted free cash flow 335 593 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Our cash balances are generated and held in numerous locations throughout the world. Liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of the business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. Local government regulations may restrict our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs under certain circumstances; however, any current restrictions are not material. We do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout the global organization. We believe that our existing cash balances, together with anticipated cash flows from operations and borrowings available under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our operations through at least the next twelve months and beyond. 
 Future liquidity needs will depend on fluctuations in levels of inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable, the timing of capital expenditures for new equipment, the extent to which we utilize operating leases for new facilities and equipment, and the levels of shipments and changes in the volume of customer orders. 
 We maintain global paying service agreements with several financial institutions. Under these agreements, the financial institutions act as our paying agents with respect to accounts payable due to our suppliers who elect to participate in the program. The agreements allow our suppliers to sell their receivables to one of the participating financial institutions at the discretion of both parties on terms that are negotiated between the supplier and the respective financial institution. Our obligations to our suppliers, including the amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by our suppliers decisions to sell their receivables under this program. During fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the cumulative payments due to suppliers participating in the programs amounted to approximately 1.4 billion and 1.3 billion, respectively. Pursuant to their agreement with one of the financial institutions, certain suppliers may elect to be paid early at their discretion. We are not always notified when our suppliers sell receivables under these programs. The available capacity under these programs can vary based on the number of investors and/or financial institutions participating in these programs at any point in time. 
 In addition, we maintain various uncommitted short-term financing facilities including but not limited to a commercial paper program, and a revolving sale and repurchase of subordinated notes established under the securitization facility, under which there were no borrowings outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 
 Historically, we have funded operations from cash and cash equivalents generated from operations, proceeds from public offerings of debt securities, bank debt and lease financings. We also have the ability to sell a designated pool of trade receivables under asset-backed securitization programs (the "ABS programs") and sell certain trade receivables, which are in addition to the trade receivables sold in connection with these securitization agreements. We may enter into debt and equity financings, sales of accounts receivable and lease transactions to fund acquisitions and anticipated growth as needed. 
 During fiscal year 2023, no accounts receivable had been sold under our ABS programs and we received approximately 3.5 billion from other sales of receivables under our factoring program. During fiscal year 2022, no accounts receivable had been sold under our ABS programs and we received approximately 1.6 billion from other sales of receivables under our factoring program. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the outstanding balance on receivables sold for cash was 0.8 billion and 0.6 billion, respectively, under our accounts receivable factoring programs, which were removed from accounts receivable balances in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Historically we have been successful in refinancing and extending the maturity dates on our term loans and credit facilities. In July 2022, the Company entered into a new 2.5 billion credit agreement which matures in July 2027 and consists of a 2.5 billion revolving credit facility with a sub-limit of 360 million available for swing line loans, and a sub-limit of 175 million available for the issuance of letters of credit. 
 The sale or issuance of equity or convertible debt securities could result in dilution to current shareholders. Further, we may issue debt securities that have rights and privileges senior to those of holders of ordinary shares, and the terms of this debt could impose restrictions on operations and could increase debt service obligations. This increased indebtedness could limit our flexibility as a result of debt service requirements and restrictive covenants, potentially affect our credit ratings, and may limit our ability to access additional capital or execute our business strategy. Any downgrades in credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow as a result of more restrictive borrowing terms. We continue to assess our capital structure and evaluate the merits of redeploying available cash to reduce existing debt or repurchase ordinary shares. 
 Under our current share repurchase program, our Board of Directors authorized repurchases of our outstanding ordinary shares for up to 1 billion in accordance with the share purchase mandate approved by our shareholders at the date of the most recent Annual General Meeting which was held on August 25, 2022. During fiscal year 2023, we paid 337 million to repurchase shares under the current and prior repurchase plans at an average price of 17.06 per share. As of March 31, 2023, shares in the aggregate amount of 893 million were available to be repurchased under the current plan. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS 
 Refer to the note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for details of our debt obligations. 
 In addition. we have leased certain of our property and equipment under finance lease commitments, and certain of our facilities and equipment under operating lease commitments. Future payments due under our debt including finance leases and related interest obligations and operating leases are as follows (amounts may not sum due to rounding): 
 Total Less Than 1 Year 1 - 3 Years 4 - 5 Years Greater Than 5 Years (In millions) Contractual Obligations: Bank borrowings, long-term debt and finance lease obligations: Bank borrowings and long-term debt 3,862 150 1,538 546 1,628 Finance leases 2 1 1 Interest on long-term debt obligations 736 149 366 169 52 Operating leases, net of subleases 719 147 234 160 178 Restructuring costs 50 50 Total contractual obligations 5,369 497 2,139 875 1,858 
 We have excluded 268 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits from the contractual obligations table as we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the periodic settlements with the respective taxing authorities. See note 15, "Income Taxes" to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for further details. 
 We also have outstanding firm purchase orders with certain suppliers for the purchase of inventory, which are not included in the table above. The majority of the purchase obligations are generally short-term in nature. We generally do not enter into non-cancelable purchase orders for materials until we receive a corresponding production forecast from our customers. Our purchase obligations can fluctuate significantly from period to period and can materially impact our future operating asset and liability balances, and our future working capital requirements. We intend to use our existing cash balances, together with anticipated cash flows from operations to fund our existing and future contractual obligations. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for recent accounting pronouncements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 A portion of our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to our highly liquid investment portfolio, with maturities of three months or less from original dates of purchase and are classified as cash equivalents on our consolidated balance sheet. We do not use derivative financial instruments in our highly liquid investment portfolio. We place cash and cash equivalents with various major financial institutions and highly rated money market accounts. Our investment policy has strict guidelines focusing on preservation of capital. The portfolio is comprised of various instruments including term deposits with banks, marketable securities and money market accounts. Our cash is principally invested in the U.S. dollar and China renminbi serving as a natural hedge of our renminbi denominated costs. As of March 31, 2023, the outstanding amount in the highly liquid investment portfolio was 2.3 billion, the largest components of which were U.S. dollar, Indian rupee, Brazilian real and China renminbi denominated money market accounts with an average return of 6.0 . A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not be expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows over the next fiscal year. 
 We had variable rate debt outstanding of approximately 0.6 billion as of March 31, 2023. Variable rate debt obligations consisted of borrowings under our term loans. Interest on these obligations is discussed in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data". 
 Our variable rate debt instruments create exposures for us related to interest rate risk. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not be expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows over the next fiscal year. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the approximate average fair value of our debt outstanding under our Notes due June 2025, February 2026, January 2028, June 2029, and May 2030 was 97.1 of the face value of the debt obligations based on broker trading prices in active markets. 
 In July 2017, the U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced the publication cessation dates for all U.S. Dollar and non-U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings. Most settings ceased at the end of December 2021 and the remaining U.S. Dollar settings (overnight and one-, three-, six- and twelve-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR) will cease at the end of June 2023. Although significant progress has been made by regulators, industry bodies, and market participants to introduce and implement the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as a replacement rate for U.S. dollar LIBOR, there is no assurance that an alternative reference rate such as SOFR will achieve sufficient market acceptance when the publication of the principal tenors of U.S. Dollar LIBOR is discontinued, or that market participants will otherwise implement effective transitional arrangements to address that discontinuation. Such failure to implement an alternative reference rate could result in widespread dislocation in the financial markets and volatility in the pricing of debt facilities negatively affecting our access to the borrowing of additional funds. Furthermore, while contractual arrangements in connection with certain of our debt facilities contemplate the transition from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate (including SOFR), the consequences of such transition cannot be entirely predicted and could result in an increase in the cost of our borrowings on our variable rate debt, which could adversely impact our interest expense, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RISK 
 We transact business in various foreign countries and are, therefore, subject to risk of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We have established a foreign currency risk management policy to manage this risk. To the extent possible, we manage our foreign currency exposure by evaluating and using non-financial techniques, such as currency of invoice, leading and lagging payments and receivables management. In addition, we may borrow in various foreign currencies and enter into short-term and long-term foreign currency derivative contracts, including forward, swap, and option contracts to hedge only those currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities, mainly accounts receivable, accounts payable, debt, and cash flows denominated in non-functional currencies. 
 We endeavor to maintain a partial or fully hedged position for certain transaction exposures. These exposures are primarily, but not limited to, revenues, customer and vendor payments and inter-company balances in currencies other than the functional currency of the operating entity. The credit risk of our foreign currency derivative contracts is minimized since all contracts are with large financial institutions and accordingly, fair value adjustments related to the credit risk of the counter-party financial institutions were not material. The gains and losses on foreign currency derivative contracts generally offset the losses and gains on the assets, liabilities and transactions hedged. The fair value of currency derivative contracts is reported on the balance sheet. The aggregate notional amount of outstanding contracts as of March 31, 2023 amounted to 11.1 billion and the recorded fair values of the associated assets and liabilities were not material to the Company's consolidated financial position. The majority of these foreign exchange contracts expire in less than three months. They will settle primarily in the Brazilian real, British pound, China renminbi, Euro, Indian rupee, Malaysian ringgit, Mexican peso, and U.S. dollar. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Based on our overall currency rate exposures as of March 31, 2023, including the derivative financial instruments intended to hedge the nonfunctional currency-denominated monetary assets, liabilities and cash flows, and other factors, a 10 appreciation or depreciation of the U.S. dollar from its cross-functional rates would not be expected, in the aggregate, to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the near-term. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Flex Ltd., Singapore 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Flex Ltd. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, redeemable noncontrolling interest and shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated May 19, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis of Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the US federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue - Customer Contracts and Related Obligations - Refer to Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Certain of the Company s customer agreements include potential price adjustments which are accounted for as variable consideration under the relevant accounting literature. For arrangements that include potential price adjustments the Company limits the amount of revenue recognized to that amount which is not probable of significant reversal, considering potential refunds required by the contract, historical experience and other surrounding facts and circumstances. The amount of variable consideration that is deferred is recorded in customer-related accruals on the consolidated balance sheets, which totaled 313 million as of March 31, 2023. 
 Auditing the Company s estimates of variable consideration required extensive audit effort and a high degree of auditor judgment. For these reasons we identified the measurement of variable consideration and the associated customer-related accruals as a critical audit matter. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Our audit procedures related to variable consideration and associated customer related accruals included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls the Company has in place relating to reviewing customer contracts to identify price adjustment clauses, estimating variable consideration and assessing the reasonableness of customer related accrual balances. 
 We evaluated the Company s accounting policy with respect to variable consideration, as well as its process for identifying contracts that include potential price adjustment clauses. 
 We selected a sample of contracts with customers that included potential price adjustment clauses and performed the following: 
 We read the customer contracts to develop an understanding of clauses that could give rise to variable consideration and evaluated whether the Company s accounting conclusions with respect to those clauses were reasonable. 
 We obtained and tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculations of customer related accruals and evaluated the Company s judgments regarding the amount of variable consideration that should be deferred. In making this evaluation we considered both the terms included in the customer contract and the Company s historical experience in settling amounts with the customer. 
 Nextracker Initial Public Offering and Noncontrolling Interest Refer to Notes 1, 2, 7 and 17 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 In February 2023, Nextracker Inc. Nextracker completed an initial public offering (IPO) for a minority interest in the Company s solar energy equipment supply business utilizing a structure that allows the Company to continue to realize tax benefits associated with the entity following the IPO (commonly known as an Up-C structure ). Several related transactions were contemporaneously executed with Nextracker, including: 1) the sale of LLC interests in Nextracker LLC to Nextracker; 2) an amended and restated Nextracker LLC Operating Agreement, which among other matters, named Nextracker Inc. the managing member of Nextracker LLC; and 3) a tax receivable agreement between the Company and Nextracker. These aforementioned transactions and agreements are collectively referred to as the Nextracker Reorganization transactions. As a result of the Nextracker Reorganization transactions, the Company has 1) determined that Nextracker is a variable interest entity and the Company is the primary beneficiary of Nextracker, and therefore consolidates Nextracker, 2) will measure and classify its non-controlling interest held in Nextracker within permanent equity, and 3) will recognize a deferred tax asset on its investment in Nextracker as a result of the Nextracker Reorganization transactions, with an offsetting entry to income tax benefit, fully attributable to non-controlling interest. We identified the Company s conclusions related to the Nextracker Reorganization transactions as a critical audit matter because of the complex judgments involved in applying the appropriate accounting guidance in the recording of such transactions. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve professionals having expertise in consolidation accounting, when performing audit procedures to evaluate management s judgments and conclusions. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s conclusions related to the Nextracker Reorganization transactions included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls the Company has in place relating to applying the appropriate technical accounting guidance in recording the financial statement impacts of the Nextracker Reorganization transactions. 
 We read the executed agreements and other supporting documents relevant to the Nextracker Reorganization transactions and evaluated key terms. 
 With the assistance of professionals having expertise in consolidation and tax accounting, we evaluated management s conclusions regarding the accounting for the Nextracker Reorganization transactions through consideration of possible alternatives under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We evaluated the Company s financial statement disclosures related to the impacts of the Nextracker Reorganization transactions for compliance with disclosure requirements in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ 
 
 May 19, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditors since 2002. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 FLEX LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 2022 (In millions, except share amounts) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts Contract assets Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Bank borrowings and current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued payroll Deferred revenue and customer working capital advances Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Redeemable noncontrolling interest Shareholders' equity Flex Ltd. shareholders' equity Ordinary shares, par value; authorized, and issued, and and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost; shares as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Flex Ltd. shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interest Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 FLEX LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions, except per share amounts) Net sales Cost of sales Restructuring charges Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Intangible amortization Restructuring charges Operating income Interest, net Other charges (income), net ) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates ) Income before income taxes Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Flex Ltd. Earnings per share attributable to the shareholders of Flex Ltd.: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing per share amounts: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 FLEX LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax 
 ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments and other, net of tax ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to Flex Ltd. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 FLEX LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Ordinary Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Amount Shares Outstanding Amount Accumulated Deficit Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments And Other Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Flex Ltd. Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interest Shareholders' Equity (In millions) BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Repurchase of Flex Ltd. ordinary shares at cost ) ) ) ) Issuance of Flex Ltd. vested shares under restricted share unit awards Net income Stock-based compensation Total other comprehensive income BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Sale of subsidiary's redeemable preferred units, net of transaction cost Repurchase of Flex Ltd. ordinary shares at cost ) ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance of Flex Ltd. vested shares under restricted share unit awards Net income Stock-based compensation Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Issuance of Nextracker common stock and related transactions ) Payment for pre-IPO dividend to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Repurchase of Flex Ltd. ordinary shares at cost ) ) ) ) Issuance of Flex Ltd. vested shares under restricted share unit awards Net income Stock-based compensation Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 FLEX LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income 936 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization and other impairment charges Provision for doubtful accounts (Note 2) ) Other non-cash income ) ) ) Non-cash lease expense Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Contract assets ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other current and noncurrent assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Other current and noncurrent liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the disposition of property and equipment Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from divestiture of businesses, net of cash held in divested businesses ) Other investing activities, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from bank borrowings and long-term debt Repayments of bank borrowings and long-term debt ) ) ) Payments for repurchases of ordinary shares ) ) ) Proceeds from issuances of Nextracker shares Payment for pre-IPO dividend to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary's redeemable preferred units Other financing activities, net ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rates on cash ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 countries with responsible, sustainable operations, Flex supports the entire product lifecycle with advanced manufacturing solutions and operates one of the most trusted global supply chains. The Company also provides additional value to customers through a broad array of services, including design and engineering, component services, rapid prototyping, fulfillment, and circular economy solutions. Flex supports a diverse set of industries including cloud, communications, enterprise, automotive, industrial, consumer devices, lifestyle, healthcare, and energy. As of March 31, 2023, Flex's operating and reportable segments were as follows: 
 Flex Agility Solutions ("FAS"), which is comprised of the following end markets: 
 Communications, Enterprise and Cloud , including data infrastructure, edge infrastructure and communications infrastructure 
 Lifestyle , including appliances, consumer packaging, floorcare, micro mobility and audio 
 Consumer Devices , including mobile and high velocity consumer devices. 
 Flex Reliability Solutions ("FRS"), which is comprised of the following end markets: 
 Automotive , including next generation mobility, autonomous, connectivity, electrification, and smart technologies 
 Health Solutions , including medical devices, medical equipment, and drug delivery 
 Industrial , including capital equipment, industrial devices, and renewables and grid edge. 
 Nextracker, the leading provider of intelligent, integrated solar tracker and software solutions that are used in utility-scale and ground-mounted distributed generation solar projects around the world. Nextracker's products enable solar panels to follow the sun s movement across the sky and optimize plant performance. 
 The Company's service offerings include a comprehensive range of value-added design and engineering services that are tailored to the various markets and needs of its customers. Other focused service offerings relate to manufacturing (including enclosures, metals, plastic injection molding, precision plastics, machining, and mechanicals), system integration and assembly and test services, materials procurement, inventory management, logistics and after-sales services (including product repair, warranty services, re-manufacturing and maintenance), supply chain management software solutions and component product offerings (including flexible printed circuit boards and power adapters and chargers). The Company also provides intelligent, integrated solar tracker and software solutions used in utility-scale and ground-mounted distributed generation solar projects around the world. 
 Nextracker Inc. Initial Public Offering 
 On February 13, 2023, the Company s subsidiary Nextracker Inc. ("Nextracker") completed an initial public offering IPO of shares of its Class A common stock, representing in the aggregate of its total outstanding shares of common stock. As a result of the IPO, the Company received net proceeds of approximately million , after deducting approximately million in underwriting discounts. 
 Nextracker, a Delaware corporation, was formed on December 19, 2022. Prior to the IPO, Nextracker's business operations were conducted through Nextracker LLC (the "LLC") and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, Flex sold redeemable preferred units Series A Preferred Units of the LLC representing a interest in the LLC to an unrelated third party; TPG Rise Flash, L.P. ("TPG Rise"), resulting in TPG Rise holding all of the outstanding LLC Series A Preferred Units and subsidiaries of Flex holding all of the outstanding LLC common units. Immediately prior to the IPO, as a result of accrued distributions paid in kind in respect of TPG Rise's outstanding LLC Series A Preferred Units, TPG Rise held Series A Preferred Units representing an interest of in the LLC while Flex held LLC common units representing a controlling interest of . As the Series A Preferred Units were redeemable upon the occurrence of conditions not solely within the control of the Company, Flex classified TPG Rise s redeemable noncontrolling interest as temporary equity on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. TPG Rise received a pro-rated annual preferred dividend- 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively, for the period prior to the IPO. In connection with the IPO, all of the Series A Preferred Units of the LLC were automatically converted into an equal number of LLC common units. TPG Rise and the Flex subsidiaries holding LLC common units also subscribed for an equal number of non-economic, voting Class B common shares of Nextracker. The common units of the LLC, together with a corresponding number of shares of Nextracker Class B common stock are exchangeable at any time at the option of the holder for shares of Nextracker Class A common stock on a -for-one basis or for cash, at the option of Nextracker and upon such exchange, a corresponding number of such holder's LLC Class B common stock will be cancelled. Following the IPO, the noncontrolling interest in Nextracker comprise the Class A common stock of Nextracker of Nextracker s total common stock) and respectively of Nextracker s Class B common stock and LLC s common units, held by TPG Rise. 
 Since the IPO, Nextracker has classes of common stock - Class A common stock, which is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NXT, and Class B common stock. On all matters submitted to a vote of Nextracker stockholders, each share of Class A and Class B common stock entitles its owners to vote per share. Class A common stock participates in earnings of Nextracker and Class B common stock does not participate in earnings of Nextracker. As of March 31, 2023, Flex owned shares of Class B common stock, representing approximately of the total outstanding shares of Nextracker s outstanding common stock. In addition, Flex retains a direct ownership of the LLC common units outstanding and participates proportionately in the earnings of the LLC. 
 The corporate structure of the transactions effected in relation to the IPO is an umbrella partnership C corporation structure, commonly referred to as an Up C structure, which is often used by partnerships and limited liability companies when they undertake an initial public offering of their business. The Up C structure allows us to continue to realize tax benefits associated with owning interests in an entity that is treated as a partnership, or pass-through entity, for income tax purposes following the IPO. 
 Following the IPO, both Flex and Nextracker are U.S. public company registrants. Nextracker has entered into various agreements to provide a framework for its relationship with Flex after the IPO, including a transition services agreement, an employee matters agreement and a registration rights agreement. These agreements provide for the allocation between Nextracker and Flex of Flex s employees, liabilities and obligations attributable to periods prior to, at and after the IPO and govern certain relationships between Nextracker and Flex after the IPO. 
 In conjunction with the Nextracker IPO, Nextracker made a distribution in an aggregate amount of million (the Distribution ). With respect to such Distribution, million was distributed to TPG Rise with the remainder distributed to Flex and its subsidiaries. The Distribution was financed, in part, with net proceeds from the million term loan under a credit agreement entered into by Nextracker. 
 In connection with the IPO, Nextracker entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement TRA with Flex and TPG Rise wherein of the tax benefits realized in relation to the IPO would be paid to those parties. Separately, a deferred tax asset of million has been booked reflecting Nextracker's outside basis difference in the Nextracker LLC units. 
 of the voting rights of Nextracker as of the IPO. Flex also has the ability to receive significant benefits from the VIE (through its ability to convert its investments in Nextracker and Nextracker LLC into Class A common stock of Nextracker or cash) and as such Flex has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. As such, Flex continues to consolidate Nextracker and the interests in Nextracker held by third parties are presented as a noncontrolling interest. Evaluation of the VIE model and identification of the primary beneficiary requires significant judgements to be made regarding which entities can control the activities of a VIE, who can receive benefits or absorb losses from the VIE and the significance of those benefits and losses to the VIE. 
 As Flex continues to consolidate Nextracker, it is exposed to potentially significant gains and losses from the Nextracker business. While a portion of these gains and losses will be attributed to noncontrolling interests, Flex s revenues, operating earnings, cash flows, earnings per share and statements of financial position will all fluctuate as a result of the performance of the Nextracker business. Nextracker, as a separate public company, is expected to operate largely independently of Flex, subject to Flex s ability to control the activities of Nextracker and certain agreements to provide ongoing services to Nextracker as part of the separation of the business. Nextracker is not expected to make distributions to Flex (outside of those required by the tax receivable agreement) and Flex is not expected to have to make contributions to Nextracker to fund its operations. As a legacy 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 2. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million of equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates from other charges (income), net for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 in order to align with current year presentation. 

61 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Refer to note 4 "Revenue" for further details. 
 Government Incentives and Grants 
 The Company receives incentives from federal, state and local governments in different regions of the world that primarily encourage the Company to establish, maintain, or increase investment, employment, or production in the regions. The Company accounts for government incentives as a reduction in the cost of the capital investment or a reduction of expense, based on the substance of the incentives received. Benefits are generally recorded when all conditions attached to the incentive have been met and there is reasonable assurance of receipt. The Company records capital-related incentives as a reduction to Property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets and recognizes a reduction to depreciation and amortization expense over the useful life of the corresponding acquired asset. The Company records operating grants as a reduction to expense in the same line item on the consolidated statements of operations as the expenditure for which the grant is intended to compensate. Government incentives and grants transactions are not material to the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 ) Year ended March 31, 2022 ) ) Year ended March 31, 2023 ) 
 
 (1) Charges and recoveries incurred during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 are primarily for costs and expenses or bad debt recoveries related to various distressed customers. 
 (2) Deductions and write-offs during fiscal year 2023 is primarily as a result of a settlement reached with a certain former customer. 
 No customer accounted for greater than 10 of the Company's net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. No customer accounted for greater than 10 of the Company's total balance of accounts receivable, net as of fiscal year ended 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of the Company's total balance of accounts receivable, net as of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. 
 The Company's ten largest customers accounted for approximately , and , of its net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 See additional discussion of derivatives in note 10. 
 Money market funds and time deposits 

Work-in-progress Finished goods 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 - 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or useful life of the improvement Furniture, fixtures, computer equipment and software, and other - 
 Land Construction-in-progress Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Total depreciation expense associated with property and equipment was approximately million, million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company reviews property and equipment for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of property and equipment is determined by comparing its carrying amount to the lowest level of identifiable projected undiscounted cash flows the property and equipment are expected to generate. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of property and equipment exceeds its fair value. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Reporting unit reallocation ) Acquisitions Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance at March 31, 2022 Acquisitions (1) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at March 31, 2023 
 (1) Represents purchase price adjustment for the acquisition of Anord Mardix in the fiscal year of 2023. 
 . residual value is estimated for any intangible assets. The fair value of the Company's intangible assets purchased through business combinations is determined based on management's estimates of cash flow and recoverability. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) ) Licenses and other intangibles ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Total intangible asset amortization expense recognized in operations during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. The gross carrying amounts of intangible assets are removed when fully amortized. During fiscal year 2023, the gross carrying amounts of fully amortized intangible assets totaled million. The Company also recorded million of foreign currency translation adjustments during fiscal year 2023, as the U.S. dollar fluctuated against foreign currencies for certain intangibles. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 
 The Company owns or licenses various United States and foreign patents relating to a variety of technologies. For certain of the Company's proprietary processes, inventions, and works of authorship, the Company relies on trade secret or copyright protection. The Company also maintains trademark rights (including registrations) for the Company's corporate name and several other trademarks and service marks that the Company uses in the Company's business in the United States and other countries throughout the world. The Company has implemented appropriate policies and procedures (including both technological means and training programs for the Company's employees) to identify and protect the Company's intellectual property, as well as that of the Company's customers and suppliers. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying value of the Company's intellectual property was not material. 
 
 Additional information is included in note 10. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively. 
 The Company recognized million of net equity in losses and million of equity in earnings, associated with its equity method investments, in equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates on the consolidated statement of operations during fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Non-consolidated investments in entities are accounted for using the equity method when the Company has an investment in common stock or in-substance common stock, and either (a) has the ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of the issuer, or (b) if the Company has a voting percentage generally equal to or greater than 20 but less than 50 , and for non-majority-owned investments in partnerships when generally greater than 5 . Cost method is used for investments where the Company does not have the ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of the investee, or if the Company s investment is in securities other than common stock or in-substance common stock. 
 The Company monitors these investments for impairment indicators and makes appropriate reductions in carrying values as required whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. The factors the Company considers in its evaluation of potential impairment of its investments include, but are not limited to, a significant deterioration in the earnings performance or business prospects of the investee, or factors that raise significant concerns about the investee s ability to continue as a going concern, such as negative cash flows from operation or working capital deficiencies. Fair values of these investments, when required, are estimated using unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy, and require management to make various judgmental assumptions primarily about comparable company multiples and discounted cash flow projections. Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining the fair value of the investments are outside the control of management. While the Company believes it has made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the investments, it is possible a material change could occur. If the actual results are not consistent with management's estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value, it could result in material impairments of investments. 
 For investments accounted for under the cost method that do not have readily determinable fair values, the Company measures them at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. 
 Customer Working Capital Advances 
 Customer working capital advances were billion and billion, as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The customer working capital advances are not interest-bearing, do not generally have fixed repayment dates and are generally reduced as the underlying working capital is consumed in production or the customer working capital advance agreement is terminated. 
 Other Current Liabilities 
 Other current liabilities include customer-related accruals of million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, current operating lease liabilities were million and million, respectively, which are included in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

3. 
 year to years. 

Operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (In years) Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 
 
 Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Operating Lease 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease liabilities 
 Total rent expense amounted to million, million, and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 4. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, is included in deferred revenue and customer working capital advances under current liabilities. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Over time Total FRS Point in time Over time Total Nextracker Point in time Over time Total Intersegment eliminations Point in time ) ) ) Over time Total ) ) ) Flex Point in time Over time Total 
 
 5. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million shares available for grant under the 2017 Plan. The Company no longer issues options to employees under the 2017 Plan. The number of outstanding and exercisable options are immaterial and the compensation cost related to options granted to employees under the 2017 Plan has been fully recognized as of March 31, 2023. 
 The Company also grants restricted share unit ("RSU") awards under its 2017 Plan. RSU awards are rights to acquire a specified number of ordinary shares for cash consideration in exchange for continued service with the Company. RSU awards generally vest in installments over a two to period and unvested RSU awards are generally forfeited upon termination of employment. 
 Vesting for certain RSU awards is contingent upon both service and market conditions or both service and performance conditions. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSU awards under the 2017 Plan was approximately million. These costs will be amortized generally on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately years. Approximately million of the total unrecognized compensation cost is related to RSU awards granted to certain key employees whereby vesting is contingent on meeting certain market conditions. Approximately million of the total unrecognized compensation cost is related to RSU awards granted to certain key employees whereby vesting is contingent on meeting certain performance conditions. 
 Determining Fair Value - RSU awards 
 Valuation and Amortization Method The fair market value of RSU awards granted, other than those awards with a market condition, is the closing price of the Company's ordinary shares on the date of grant and is generally recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting period. 
 Determining Fair Value - RSU awards with service and market conditions 
 Valuation and Amortization Method The Company estimates the fair value of RSU awards granted under the 2017 Plan whereby vesting is contingent on meeting certain market conditions using Monte Carlo simulation. This fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, which is the service period. 
 Expected volatility of Flex Volatility used in a Monte Carlo simulation is derived from the historical volatility of Flex's stock price over a period equal to the service period of the RSU awards granted. The service period is for those RSU awards granted in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 Average peer volatility Volatility used in a Monte Carlo simulation is derived from the historical volatilities of Flex's peer companies for the RSU awards granted in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, and volatility used in a Monte Carlo simulation is derived from the historical volatility of the Standard and Poor's ("S P") 500 index for the RSU awards granted in fiscal year 2021. 
 Average Peer Correlation Correlation coefficients were used to model the movement of Flex's stock price relative to Flex's peer companies for the RSU awards granted in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, and correlation coefficients were used to model the movement of Flex's stock price relative to the S P 500 index for the RSU awards granted in fiscal year 2021. 
 Expected Dividend The Company has never paid dividends on its ordinary shares and accordingly the dividend yield percentage is zero for all periods. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate assumptions The Company bases the risk-free interest rate used in the Monte Carlo simulation on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury constant maturities issued with a term equivalent to the expected term of the RSU awards. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Average peer volatility Average peer correlation Expected dividends Risk-free interest rate 
 Share-Based Awards Activity 
 Option activity for the 2017 Plan is immaterial for all periods presented. 
 Cash received from option exercises under the 2017 Plan, which was reflected within other financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows, was immaterial for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 Granted (1) Vested (1) ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Unvested RSU awards outstanding, end of fiscal year 
 (1) Included in the fiscal year 2023 amounts are million of share bonus awards representing the number of awards achieved above target levels based on the achievement of certain market conditions for awards granted in the fiscal year 2020. These awards were issued and immediately vested in accordance with the terms and conditions of the underlying awards. 
 Of the million unvested RSU awards granted in fiscal year 2023, approximately million are plain-vanilla unvested RSU awards with no performance or market conditions with an average grant date price of per share. Further, approximately million of these unvested RSU awards granted in fiscal year 2023 represents the target amount of grants made to certain key employees whereby vesting is contingent on certain market conditions, with an average grant date fair value estimated to be per award calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation. Vesting information for these shares is further detailed in the table below. 
 million unvested RSU awards outstanding under the 2017 Plan as of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, approximately million unvested RSU awards represent the target amount of grants made to certain key employees whereby vesting is contingent on meeting certain market conditions summarized as follows: 
 Targeted number of awards as of March 31, 2023 (in shares) Range of shares that may be issued (1) Average grant date fair value (per share) Assessment dates Year of grant Minimum Maximum Fiscal 2023 June 2025 Fiscal 2022 June 2024 Fiscal 2021 June 2023 Totals 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to based on measurement of Flex's total shareholder return against Flex's peer companies for RSU awards granted in fiscal years 2023 and 2022 and based on measurement of Flex's total shareholder return against the Standard and Poor's ("S P") 500 Composite Index for RSU awards granted in fiscal year 2021. 
 The Company will continue to recognize share-based compensation expense for awards with market conditions regardless of whether such awards will ultimately vest. During fiscal year 2023, million shares vested in connection with the awards with market conditions granted in fiscal year 2020. 
 Approximately million of these unvested RSU awards granted in fiscal year 2023 represents the target amount of grants made to certain key employees whereby vesting is contingent on certain performance conditions, with an average grant date price of per share. Vesting information for these shares is further detailed in the table below. 
 million unvested RSU awards outstanding under the 2017 Plan as of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, approximately million unvested RSU awards represent the target amount of grants made to certain key employees whereby vesting is contingent on meeting certain performance conditions summarized as follows: 
 Targeted number of awards as of March 31, 2023 (in shares) Range of shares that may be issued (1) Average grant date fair value (per share) Assessment date Year of grant Minimum Maximum Fiscal 2023 Mar 2026 Fiscal 2022 Mar 2025 Totals 
 (1) Vesting ranges from to based on performance of Flex's average earnings per share growth. 
 The total intrinsic value of RSU awards vested under all the Company's 2017 Plan was million, million and million during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on the closing price of the Company's ordinary shares on the date vested. 
 The 2022 Nextracker Equity Incentive Plan 
 During fiscal year 2023, Nextracker awarded million equity-based compensation awards to its employees under the 2022 Nextracker Plan, which included approximately million options awards, million RSU ("NRSU") awards and million performance-based restricted share unit awards NPSU ). Out of the million shares of NPSUs awarded, only million shares met the criteria for a grant date under ASC 718 as of March 31, 2023. Vesting for the awards granted under the 2022 Nextracker Plan is contingent upon continued employee service and certain performance conditions, including a liquidity event such as the IPO. Upon the completion of the IPO, the awards were modified to vest in Class A common stock of Nextracker instead of common units of Nextracker LLC. Nextracker recorded million of cumulative stock-based compensation expense following the IPO in fiscal year 2023. The incremental cost recognized resulting from the modification was immaterial in fiscal year 2023. 
 Expected dividends Risk-free interest rate - 

75 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Granted Vested Forfeited (1) ) ) Unvested awards outstanding, end of fiscal year 
 (1) Awards forfeited due to employee terminations. 
 (2) Vesting ranges from to based on the achievement levels of Nextracker's compounded annual growth rate over the performance period. 
 (3) Vesting ranges from to based on the achievement levels of Nextracker's total shareholder return over the performance period. 
 As of March 31, 2023, total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested awards under the 2022 Nextracker Plan was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average expected vesting period of years. 
 
 6. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Flex Ltd. Shares used in computation: Weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share attributable to the shareholders of Flex Ltd. Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Flex Ltd. Shares used in computation: Weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding Weighted-average ordinary share equivalents from RSU awards (1) Weighted-average ordinary shares and ordinary share equivalents outstanding Diluted earnings per share 
 _________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 7. 
 in the LLC. This was presented as a redeemable noncontrolling interest on Flex s consolidated balance sheets. TPG Rise received a pro-rated annual preferred dividend on its investment for the period prior to the IPO. In connection with the IPO, all of the preferred units of the LLC were automatically converted into an equal number of common units of the LLC. TPG Rise and the Flex subsidiaries holding LLC common units also subscribed for an equal number of non-economic, voting Class B common shares of Nextracker Inc. The common units of the LLC, together with a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock are exchangeable at any time at the option of the holder for shares of Nextracker Inc. Class A common stock on a -for-one basis or for cash, at the option of Nextracker Inc. and upon such exchange, a corresponding number of such holder's Class B common stock will be cancelled. Following the IPO, the noncontrolling interest in Nextracker comprise the Class A common stock of Nextracker of Nextracker s total common stock) and respectively of Nextracker s Class B common stock and the LLC s common units, held by TPG Rise. 
 The LLC also made a distribution in an aggregate amount of million in advance of the IPO. With respect to such distribution, million was distributed to Flex and the remaining million to Flex's subsidiaries and TPG Rise, pro-rata in relation to their respective holdings. million of the million was distributed to TPG Rise in relation to their preferred units and this distribution is presented within income attributable to noncontrolling interest in the consolidated statements of operations. The distribution was financed in part with net proceeds from a million term loan under a credit agreement entered into by the LLC (the 2023 Credit Agreement ). Refer to note 9 for further discussion of our debt activities. 
 Flex recorded the noncontrolling interest in Nextracker as of Nextracker's post IPO book value, with a corresponding offset to additional paid-in capital of Flex. On a subsequent measurement basis, the carrying value is adjusted for earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest. 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, noncontrolling interest was million and , and redeemable noncontrolling interest was and million, respectively. As a result of the IPO, the noncontrolling interest previously determined redeemable prior to the IPO did not exist as of March 31, 2023. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest was million and million in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 8. 
 Income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activity: Unpaid purchases of property and equipment Pre-IPO paid-in-kind dividend to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Finance lease for Bright Machines assets 

78 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 9. 
 Notes ("2023 Notes") (1)(2)(3) 
 February 2023 Notes ("2025 Notes") (1)(2) 
 June 2025 Notes ("2026 Notes") (1)(2) 
 February 2026 Notes ("2028 Notes") (1)(2)(3) 
 January 2028 Notes ("2029 Notes") (1)(2) 
 June 2029 Notes ("2030 Notes") (1)(2) 
 May 2030 Euro Term Loans (4) December 2023 JPY Term Loan (5) April 2024 Delayed Draw Term Loan (6) November 2023 Nextracker Term Loan (7) February 2028 HUF Bonds (8) 
 December 2031 India Facilities (9) May 2023 and June 2023 Other Debt issuance costs ) ) Current portion, net of debt issuance costs ) ) Non-current portion 
 
 (1) The notes are carried at the principal amount of each note, less any unamortized discount or premium and unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 (2) The notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all other existing and future senior unsecured debt obligations. 
 (3) In December 2022, the Company issued million of Notes due 2028. The Company received proceeds of approximately million, net of discount, from the issuance which were used, together with cash on hand, for general corporate purposes, which included redeeming its 2023 notes in December 2022, and for working capital requirements. 
 (4) In December 2021, the Company borrowed million under a term loan agreement. The proceeds of the term loan were used to refinance certain other outstanding debt and for other general corporate purposes. During fiscal year 2023, the Company repaid all outstanding Euro term loans. 
 (5) In April 2019, the Company entered into a JPY billion term loan agreement at three-month TIBOR plus , which was then swapped to U.S. dollars. The term loan, which is subject to quarterly interest payments, was used to fund general operations and refinance certain other outstanding debt. 
 (6) In September 2022, the Company entered into a million delayed draw term loan credit agreement, under which million was repaid during fiscal year 2023, and million of borrowings was outstanding as of March 31, 2023. Borrowings under the delayed draw term loan may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, refinancing of current debt, and other general corporate purposes. Interest is based on either (a) a Term SOFR-based formula plus a margin of basis points to basis points, depending on the Company's credit ratings, or (b) a Base Rate (the greatest of the agent's prime rate, the federal funds rate plus , and the Term SOFR plus formula plus a margin of basis point to basis points, depending on the Company's credit ratings. 
 (7) In February 2023, Nextracker LLC borrowed million under a term loan credit facility to finance the cash distribution in connection with the initial public offering of the Nextracker Inc. million in debt issuance costs were incurred to obtain the term loan financing. The Nextracker term loan requires quarterly principal payments beginning on June 30, 2024 in an amount equal to of the original aggregate principal amount of the Nextracker term loan. From June 30, 2025, the quarterly principal payment will increase to of the original aggregate principal amount of the Nextracker term loan. The remaining balance of the Nextracker term loan will be repayable on February 11, 2028. The interest rate of the Nextracker term loan is (SOFR rate of plus a margin of ). 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion (approximately million as of March 31, 2023) in aggregate principal amount of bonds under the National Bank of Hungary s Bond Funding for Growth Scheme. The bonds are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company and rank equally with all of the Company s other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. The outstanding principal amount of the bonds bear interest at per annum. The proceeds of the bonds were used for general corporate purposes. 
 (9) In July 2018, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a million term loan facility (the "India Facilities"). The India Facility was used to fund capital expenditures to support the Company's expansion plans for India. The Company repaid all outstanding borrowings during fiscal year 2023. 
 Revolving Credit Facilities: 
 In July 2022, the Company entered into a new billion credit agreement which matures in July 2027 (the "2027 Credit Facility") and consists of a billion revolving credit facility with a sub-limit of million available for swing line loans, and a sub-limit of million available for the issuance of letters of credit. The 2027 Credit Facility replaced the previous billion revolving credit facility, which was due to mature in January 2026. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, borrowings were outstanding. 
 Borrowings under the 2027 Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company s option, either at (i) the Base Rate, plus ; plus, an applicable margin ranging from to per annum, based on the Company s credit ratings or (ii) Term SOFR (or (x) the Alternative Currency Term Rate , which is defined as, depending on the applicable currency at issue, either the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, Tokyo Interbank Offer Rate, or such other term rate per annum as designated with respect to such alternative currency or (y) the Alternative Currency Daily Rate , which is defined as, in the case of Sterling, the rate per annum equal to Sterling Overnight Index Average, and for any other alternative currency, such other term rate per annum as designated with respect to such alternative currency) plus the applicable margin for Term SOFR rate (or the Alternative Currency Term Rate) loans ranging between and per annum, based on the Company s credit ratings, plus an adjustment for Term SOFR loans of per annum and an adjustment for Sterling Overnight Index Average loans of per annum. Interest on the outstanding borrowings is payable, (i) in the case of borrowings at the Base Rate, on the last business day of March, June, September and December of each calendar year and the maturity date, (ii) in the case of borrowings at the Term SOFR rate (or the Alternative Currency Term Rate), on the last day of the applicable interest period selected by the Company, which date shall be no later than the last day of every third month and the maturity date and (iii) in the case of borrowings at the Alternative Currency Daily Rate, on the last day of each calendar month and the maturity date. The Company is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the unutilized portion of the revolving credit commitments under the 2027 Credit Facility ranging from to per annum, based on the Company s credit ratings. The Company is also required to pay letter of credit usage fees ranging from to per annum (based on the Company s credit ratings) on the amount of the daily average outstanding letters of credit and a fronting fee of per annum on the undrawn and unexpired amount of each letter of credit. 
 Under the 2027 Credit Facility, the interest rate margins, commitment fee and letter of credit usage fee are subject to upward or downward adjustments if the Company achieves, or fails to achieve, certain specified sustainability targets with respect to workplace safety and greenhouse gas emissions. Such upward or downward sustainability adjustments may be up to per annum in the case of the interest rate margins and letter of credit usage fee and up to per annum in the case of the commitment fee. 
 In February 2023, Nextracker Inc., and the LLC, as the borrower, entered into a senior credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the 2023 Credit Agreement comprised of (i) a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of million (the Term Loan ), and (ii) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of million (the RCF ). The LLC borrowed million under the Term Loan, and used the proceeds to finance, in part, the Distribution. The RCF is available in U.S. dollars, euros and such currencies as mutually agreed on a revolving basis during the period through February 11, 2028 and is available to fund working capital and other general corporate purposes. A portion of the RCF not to exceed million is available for the issuance of letters of credit. A portion of the RCF not to exceed million is available for swing line loans. 
 Borrowings in U.S. dollars under the 2023 Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate based on either (a) a term secured overnight financing rate SOFR based formula (including a credit spread adjustment of basis points) plus a margin of basis points to basis points, depending on the LLC s total net leverage ratio, or (b) a Base Rate formula plus a margin of basis point to basis points, depending on the LLC s total net leverage ratio. Borrowings under the RCF in euros will bear interest based on the adjusted EURIBOR rate plus a margin of basis points to basis points, depending on the LLC s total net leverage ratio. The LLC will also be required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the undrawn portion of the 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 basis points to basis points, depending on the LLC s total net leverage ratio. The interest rate for the Term Loan is (SOFR rate of plus a margin of ). 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, limit the ability of the LLC and its restricted subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness or liens, to dispose of assets, change their fiscal year or lines of business, pay dividends and other restricted payments, make investments and other acquisitions, make optional payments of subordinated and junior lien debt, enter into transactions with affiliates and enter into restrictive agreements. In addition, the 2023 Credit Agreement requires the LLC to maintain a maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries had various uncommitted revolving credit facilities, lines of credit and other credit facilities in the amount of million in the aggregate. There were borrowings outstanding under these facilities as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. These unsecured credit facilities, and lines of credit and other credit facilities bear annual interest at the respective country's inter-bank offering rate, plus an applicable margin. 
 Debt Covenants: 
 Borrowings under the Company s debt agreements are subject to various covenants that limit the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, sell assets, effect mergers and certain transactions, and effect certain transactions with subsidiaries and affiliates. In addition, the 2027 Credit Facility, and the Delayed Draw Term Loan also require that the Company maintain a maximum ratio of total indebtedness to EBITDA (earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization), and a minimum interest coverage ratio. The Company is also subject to certain covenants requiring the Company to offer to repurchase the 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2029 Notes, and 2030 Notes (collectively the Notes upon a change of control. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants. 
 The weighted-average interest rates for the Company's long-term debt were and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 10. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion as summarized below: 
 Notional Contract Value in USD Currency Buy Sell (In millions) Cash Flow Hedges HUF JPY MXN Other Other Foreign Currency Contracts CNY EUR GBP MXN MYR Other Total Notional Contract Value in USD 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of the Company's short-term foreign currency contracts was included in other current assets or other current liabilities, as applicable, in the consolidated balance sheets. Certain of these contracts are designed to economically hedge the Company's exposure to monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a non-functional currency and are not accounted for as hedges under the accounting standards. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized in earnings during the period of change as a component of other charges (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also has included net deferred gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets, relating to changes in fair value of its foreign currency contracts that are accounted for as cash flow hedges. Deferred losses were immaterial as of March 31, 2023, and are expected to be recognized primarily as a component of cost of sales in the consolidated statement of operations primarily over the next twelve-month period, except for the USD JPY cross currency swap and the USD HUF cross currency swaps, which are further discussed below. 
 The Company entered into a USD JPY cross currency swap in April 2019 to hedge the foreign currency risk on the JPY term loan due April 2024, and the fair value of the cross currency swap was included in current and long-term other liabilities as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively. The Company entered into USD HUF cross currency swaps in December 2021 to hedge the foreign currency risk on the HUF bonds due December 2031, and the fair value of the cross currency swaps was included in other current assets and long-term other liabilities as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively. The changes in fair value of the USD JPY cross currency swap and the USD HUF cross currency swaps are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss. In addition, corresponding amounts are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss to other charges (income), net to offset the remeasurements of the underlying JPY loan principal and HUF bond principal, which also impact the same line. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Other current liabilities Foreign currency contracts Other assets Other liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency contracts Other current assets Other current liabilities 
 
 The Company has financial instruments subject to master netting arrangements, which provide for the net settlement of all contracts with certain counterparties. The Company does not offset fair value amounts for assets and liabilities recognized for derivative instruments under these arrangements, as such, the asset and liability balances presented in the table above reflect the gross amounts of derivatives in the consolidated balance sheets. The impact of netting derivative assets and liabilities is not material to the Company's financial position for any of the periods presented. 
 
 11.) ) ) Other comprehensive gain before reclassifications Net gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive gain Ending balance on March 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Net losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Ending balance on March 31, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Net losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive gain (loss) ) ) Ending balance on March 31, 2023 ) ) ) 
 Substantially all unrealized gains and losses relating to derivative instruments and other, reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss for the fiscal year 2023 were reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss to other charges (income), net and cost of sales in the consolidated statement of operations, which primarily relate to the Company's foreign currency contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges. Net (gains) losses reclassified from accumulated other 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million loss during fiscal year 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were during fiscal year 2021. 

12. 
 asset-backed securitization programs and an accounts receivable factoring program. 
 Asset-Backed Securitization Programs 
 The Company maintains asset-backed securitization programs (the ABS Programs under which it has the ability to sell pools of trade receivables to affiliated special purpose entities, each of which in turn can sell the receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions, based on the Company's requirements. Under these programs, the entire purchase price of sold receivables are paid in cash. The ABS Programs contain guarantees of payment by the special purpose entities, in amounts equal to approximately the net cash proceeds under the programs, and are collateralized by certain receivables held by the special purpose entities. The fair value of the guarantee obligation was as of both March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 
 Following the transfer of the receivables to the special purpose entities, the transferred receivables are legally isolated from the Company and its affiliates. Upon the sale of the receivables from the special purpose entities to the unaffiliated financial institutions, the receivables are derecognized from our consolidated balance sheet as effective control of the transferred receivables is passed to the unaffiliated financial institutions, which have the right to pledge or sell the receivables. Accounts receivable balances sold under the ABS Programs are included as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flow. Although the special purpose entities are consolidated by the Company, they are separate corporate entities and their assets are available first to satisfy the claims of their creditors. 
 As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, no accounts receivable were sold under the ABS programs. 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, cash flows from sales of receivables from the special purpose entities to unaffiliated financial institutions during fiscal year 2021 totaled approximately billion. 
 Trade Accounts Receivable Sale Programs 
 The Company also sells accounts receivables to certain third-party banking institutions under factoring programs. The outstanding balance of receivables sold and not yet collected on accounts where the Company has continuing involvement was approximately billion and billion as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, total accounts receivable sold to certain third party banking institutions was approximately billion, billion and billion, respectively. The receivables that were sold were removed from the consolidated balance sheets and the cash received was included as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 13. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Foreign currency contracts (Note 10) Deferred compensation plan assets: Mutual funds, money market accounts and equity securities Liabilities: Foreign currency contracts (Note 10) ) ) 
 
 Fair Value Measurements as of March 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (In millions) Assets: Money market funds and time deposits (Note 2) Foreign currency contracts (Note 10) Deferred compensation plan assets: Mutual funds, money market accounts and equity securities Liabilities: Foreign currency contracts (Note 10) ) ) 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Notes due February 2023 
 Level 1 JPY Term Loan due April 2024 - three-month TIBOR plus 
 Level 2 Notes due June 2025 
 Level 1 Notes due February 2026 
 Level 1 Notes due January 2028 
 Level 1 Notes due June 2029 
 Level 1 Notes due May 2030 
 Level 1 Euro Term Loans Level 2 Delayed Draw Term Loan Level 2 Nextracker Term Loan Level 2 HUF Bonds due December 2031 
 Level 2 India Facilities Level 2 
 The Notes due June 2025, February 2026, January 2028, June 2029 and May 2030 are valued based on broker trading prices in active markets. HUF Bonds are valued based on the broker trading prices in an inactive market. 

14. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 tax assessments totaling the updated amount inclusive of interest and penalties of million Brazilian reals (approximately USD million based on the exchange rate as of March 31, 2023). The Company successfully defeated of the assessments in September 2019 (totaling approximately million Brazilian reals or USD million). The Company successfully defeated another of the assessments in September 2022 (totaling the updated amount inclusive of interest and penalties of approximately million Brazilian reals or USD million), each of which remains subject to appeal. The Company was unsuccessful at the administrative level for one of the assessments and filed an annulment action in federal court in Brasilia, Brazil on March 23, 2020; the updated value of that assessment inclusive of interest and penalties is million Brazilian reals (approximately USD million). One of the assessments remains in the review process at the administrative level. The Company believes there is no legal basis for any of these assessments and that it has meritorious defenses. The Company will continue to vigorously oppose all of these assessments, as well as any future assessments. The Company does not expect final judicial determination on any of these claims in the near future. 
 On February 14, 2019, the Company submitted an initial notification of voluntary disclosure to the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") regarding possible noncompliance with U.S. economic sanctions requirements among certain non-U.S. Flex-affiliated operations. On September 28, 2020, the Company made a submission to OFAC that completed the Company s voluntary disclosure based on the results of an internal investigation regarding the matter. On June 11, 2021, the Company notified OFAC that it had identified possible additional relevant transactions at one non-U.S. Flex-affiliated operation. The Company submitted an update to OFAC on November 16, 2021 reporting on the results of its review of those transactions. The Company intends to continue to cooperate fully with OFAC in this matter going forward. Nonetheless, it is reasonably possible that the Company could be subject to penalties that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 A foreign Tax Authority Tax Authority has assessed a cumulative total of approximately million in taxes owed for multiple Flex legal entities within its jurisdiction for various fiscal years ranging from fiscal year 2010 through fiscal year 2019. The assessed amounts related to the denial of certain deductible intercompany payments. The Company disagrees with the Tax Authority s assessments and is actively contesting the assessments through the administrative and judicial processes. 
 As the final resolution of the above outstanding tax item remains uncertain, the Company continues to provide for the uncertain tax positions based on the more likely than not standard. While the resolution of the issues may result in tax liabilities, interest and penalties, which may be significantly higher than the amounts accrued for these matters, management currently believes that the resolution will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 In addition to the matters discussed above, from time to time, the Company is subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company defends itself vigorously against any such claims. Although the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, management expects that any losses that are probable or reasonably possible of being incurred as a result of these matters, which are in excess of amounts already accrued in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, would not be material to the financial statements as a whole. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 15. 
 Foreign Total 
 
 Foreign Deferred: Domestic Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 
 The domestic statutory income tax rate was approximately 17.0 in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Effect of jurisdictional tax rate differential ) ) Change in unrecognized tax benefit ) Change in valuation allowance ) Foreign exchange movement on prior year taxes recoverable ) Tax impacts related to sale of Nextracker APB23 tax liability Restructuring of Nextracker LLC interest ) Other ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 
 A number of countries in which the Company is located allow for tax holidays or provide other tax incentives to attract and retain business. In general, these holidays were secured based on the nature, size and location of the Company s operations. The aggregate dollar effect on the Company s income resulting from tax holidays and tax incentives to attract and retain business for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the effect on basic and diluted earnings per share was and , respectively, and the effects on basic and diluted earnings per share during fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were and , and and , respectively. Unless extended or otherwise renegotiated, the Company's existing holidays will expire in various years 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million deferred tax asset, with an offset entry to income tax benefit fully attributable to noncontrolling interest in connection with the Nextracker IPO whereby Nextracker Inc. purchased Nextracker LLC units from a related Flex U.S. subsidiary. 
 The Company provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets that in the Company's estimation are not more likely than not to be realized. During fiscal year 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company released valuation allowances totaling million, million and million, respectively. For fiscal year 2023, million valuation allowance release was mainly related to certain operations in Australia, and the Netherlands as these amounts were deemed to be more likely than not to be realized due to the sustained profitability during the past three fiscal years as well as continued forecasted profitability of those operations. During fiscal year 2023, the Company also added million in valuation allowance primarily for the deferred tax assets related to operations in Hungary, Canada, and Switzerland. Various other valuation allowance positions were also reduced due to varying factors such as recognition of uncertain tax positions impacting deferred tax assets, one-time income recognition in loss entities, and foreign exchange impacts on deferred tax balances, and increased deferred tax assets as a result of current period losses in legal entities with existing full valuation allowance positions. For fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the offsetting amounts totaled ) million, million and million, respectively. 
 Under its territorial tax system, Singapore generally does not tax foreign sourced income until repatriated to Singapore. The Company has included the effects of Singapore's territorial tax system in the rate differential line above. The tax effect of foreign income not repatriated to Singapore for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were million, million and million, respectively.) ) Intangible assets ) ) Others ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets: Fixed assets Intangible assets Deferred compensation Inventory valuation Provision for doubtful accounts Net operating loss and other carryforwards Investment in Nextracker LLC Others Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances Net deferred tax asset The net deferred tax asset is classified as follows: Long-term asset Long-term liability ) ) Total 
 
 Utilization of the Company's deferred tax assets is limited by the future earnings of the Company in the tax jurisdictions in which such deferred assets arose. As a result, management is uncertain as to when or whether these operations will generate 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion related to tax losses and other carryforwards against which the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for all but million of the deferred tax assets. 
 2030 - 2035 2036 and post Indefinite 
 
 The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced or increased in the near-term if facts, including the amount of taxable income or the mix of taxable income between subsidiaries, differ from management s estimates. 
 The Company does not provide for income taxes on approximately billion of undistributed earnings of its subsidiaries which are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of Singapore as management has plans for the use of such earnings to fund certain activities outside of Singapore. The estimated amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability on these undistributed earnings is approximately million. As a result, as of March 31, 2023, the Company has concluded for all earnings in foreign subsidiaries are considered to be indefinitely reinvested and therefore deferred tax liabilities were recorded. 
 Additions based on tax position related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Reductions related to lapse of applicable statute of limitations ) ) Settlements ) Impact from foreign exchange rates fluctuation ) ) Balance, end of fiscal year 
 
 The Company s unrecognized tax benefits are subject to change over the next twelve months primarily as a result of the expiration of certain statutes of limitations and as audits are settled. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by an additional approximate million within the next twelve months primarily due to potential settlements of various audits and the expiration of certain statutes of limitations. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file federal, state, and local income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions around the world. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2008. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million of unrecognized tax benefits at March 31, 2023, million will affect the annual effective tax rate (ETR) if the benefits are eventually recognized. The amount that doesn t impact the ETR relates to positions that would be settled with a tax loss carryforward previously subject to a valuation allowance. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within the Company s tax expense. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized interest and penalties of approximately million, million and million, respectively. The Company had approximately million, million and million accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 16. 
 million of restructuring charges, most of which related to employee severance. Restructuring charges are not included in segment income, as disclosed further in note 21. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 The Company identified certain structural changes to restructure its business throughout fiscal year 2022. During fiscal year 2022, the Company recognized approximately million of restructuring charges, most of which related to employee severance. Restructuring charges are not included in segment income. 
 Fiscal Year 2021 
 In order to support the Company s strategy and build a sustainable organization, and after considering that the economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic would be slower than anticipated, the Company identified certain structural changes to restructure its business. These restructuring actions eliminated non-core activities primarily within the Company s corporate function, aligned the Company s cost structure with its reorganizing and optimizing of its operations model along its reporting segments, and further sharpened its focus to winning business in end markets where it has competitive advantages and deep domain expertise. During fiscal year 2021, the Company recognized approximately million of restructuring charges, most of which related to employee severance. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Provision for charges incurred in fiscal year 2021 Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2020 and prior ) ) Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2021 ) ) ) Non-cash charges incurred in fiscal year 2021 ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2021 Provision for charges incurred in fiscal year 2022 Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2021 and prior ) ) Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2022 ) ) Non-cash charges incurred in fiscal year 2022 ) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2022 Provision for charges incurred in fiscal year 2023 Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2022 and prior ) ) Cash payments for charges incurred in fiscal year 2023 ) ) Non-cash charges incurred in fiscal year 2023 ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 Less: Current portion (classified as other current liabilities) Accrued restructuring costs, net of current portion (classified as other liabilities) 

17.) ) ) Investment impairments (1) Brazil tax credit (2) ) 
 (1) During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, and in connection with the Company s ongoing assessment of recoverability of its investment portfolio, the Company concluded that the carrying amounts of certain non-core investments were other than temporarily impaired and recognized million and million of total impairment charges, respectively (See note 2 for additional information). 
 million gain related to a certain tax credit upon approval of a "Credit Habilitation" request by the relevant Brazil tax authorities for fiscal year 2022. 
 
 18. 
 
 Interest income ) ) ) ABS and AR sales programs related expenses 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 19. 
 million of proceeds. The property and equipment and various other assets sold, and liabilities transferred were not material to the Company's consolidated financial results. The net gain on dispositions was not material to the Company s consolidated financial results, and was included in other charges (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year 2023. 
 Fiscal 2022 Business acquisition 
 On December 1, 2021, the Company completed the business acquisition of Anord Mardix, a global leader in critical power solutions for an initial purchase consideration of million, net of million cash acquired, with an additional million deferred purchase price paid out in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, for a total purchase consideration of million. The acquisition added to the Company's portfolio of Power products and expanded its offering in the data center market. For reporting purposes, Anord Mardix was included in the Industrial reporting unit within the FRS segment. The allocation of the purchase price to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed was based on their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been allocated to goodwill. The results of operations of the acquisition were included in the Company s consolidated financial results beginning on the date of acquisition, and the total amount of net income and revenue were not material to the Company's consolidated financial results for fiscal year 2022. 
 The intangible assets of million are comprised of customer related intangible assets of million and licenses and other intangible assets such as trade names and developed technology of million. Customer related assets are amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of years while licensed and other intangibles are amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of years. 
 
 20. 
 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million and retired all of these shares. 
 Under the Company s current share repurchase program, the Board of Directors authorized repurchases of its outstanding ordinary shares for up to billion in accordance with the share repurchase mandate approved by the Company s shareholders at the date of the most recent Annual General Meeting held on August 25, 2022. As of March 31, 2023, shares in the aggregate amount of million were available to be repurchased under the current plan. 
 
 21. 
 operating and reportable segments. 
 The FAS segment is optimized for speed to market based on a highly flexible supply and manufacturing system. FAS is comprised of the following end markets that represent reporting units: 
 Communications, Enterprise and Cloud , including data infrastructure, edge infrastructure and communications infrastructure 
 Lifestyle , including appliances, consumer packaging, floorcare, micro mobility and audio 
 Consumer Devices , including mobile and high velocity consumer devices. 
 The FRS segment is optimized for longer product lifecycles requiring complex ramps with specialized production models and critical environments. FRS is comprised of the following end markets that represent reporting units: 
 Automotive , including next generation mobility, autonomous, connectivity, electrification, and smart technologies 
 Health Solutions , including medical devices, medical equipment, and drug delivery 
 Industrial , including capital equipment, industrial devices, and renewables and grid edge. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Flex Reliability Solutions Nextracker Intersegment eliminations ) ) ) Segment income and reconciliation of income before income taxes: Flex Agility Solutions Flex Reliability Solutions Nextracker Corporate and Other ) ) ) Total segment income Reconciling items: Intangible amortization Stock-based compensation Customer related asset recoveries ) Restructuring charges (Note 16) Legal and other (1) Interest, net Other charges (income), net ) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates ) Income before income taxes 
 
 (1) Legal and other consists of costs not directly related to core business results and may include matters relating to commercial disputes, government regulatory and compliance, intellectual property, antitrust, tax, employment or shareholder issues, product liability claims and other issues on a global basis as well as acquisition related costs and customer related asset recoveries . During the fiscal year 2023, the Company accrued for certain loss contingencies where losses are considered probable and estimable. 
 
 During the fiscal year 2022, the Company accrued for certain loss contingencies where losses are considered probable and estimable offset by a gain upon successful settlement of certain supplier claims. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Corporate and Other primarily includes corporate service costs that are not included in the CODM's assessment of the performance of each of the identified reporting segments. 
 The Company provides an overall platform of assets and services, which the segments utilize for the benefit of their various customers. The shared assets and services are contained within the Company's global manufacturing and design operations and include manufacturing and design facilities. Most of the underlying manufacturing and design assets are co-mingled in the operating campuses and are compatible to operate across segments and highly interchangeable throughout the platform. Given the highly interchangeable nature of the assets, they are not separately identified by segment nor reported by segment to the Company's CODM. 
 Property and equipment on a segment basis is not separately identified and is not internally reported by segment to the Company's CODM as described above. 
 Flex Reliability Solutions Nextracker Corporate and Other Total depreciation expense 
 Asia Europe 
 
 Revenues are attributable to the country in which the product is manufactured or service is provided. 
 During fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, net sales generated from Singapore, the country of domicile, were approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 China U.S. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 FLEX LTD. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Asia Europe 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, property and equipment, net held in Singapore was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 U.S. China 

96 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company's management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of March 31, 2023. Based on that evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of March 31, 2023, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting consists of policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) are designed and operated to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company's financial reporting and the Company's process for the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements or prevent or detect instances of fraud. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls may be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As of March 31, 2023, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation was conducted of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on that evaluation, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in this Item under the heading "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm." 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2023 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and the Shareholders of Flex Ltd., Singapore 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Flex Ltd. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023 of the Company and our report dated May 19, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting, may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 May 19, 2023 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in the Company's definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in the Company's definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in the Company's definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in the Company's definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES (Deloitte Touche LLP, PCAOB ID: 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in the Company's definitive proxy statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements. See Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. "Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts" is included in the financial statements, see Concentration of Credit Risk in Note 2, "Summary of Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 3. Exhibits. Reference is made to Item 15(b) below. 
 (b) Exhibits. The Exhibit Index, which immediately precedes the signature page to this annual report on Form 10-K, is incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules. Reference is made to Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. Filed Herewith 3.01 
 Constitution of the Registrant (incorporating all amendments as at August 20, 2019) 10-Q 000-23354 10/30/2019 3.01 4.01 
 Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2015, by and between the Registrant, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 8-K 000-23354 6/8/2015 4.1 4.02 
 Form of 4.750 Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.01) 8-K 000-23354 6/8/2015 4.1 4.03 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2015, among the Registrant, the Guarantor party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, related to the Registrant s 4.750 Notes due 2025 S-4 333-207067 9/22/2015 4.04 4.04 
 Indenture, dated as of June 6, 2019, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 8-K 000-23354 6/6/2019 4.1 4.05 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 6, 2019, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 8-K 000-23354 6/6/2019 4.2 4.06 
 Form of 4.875 Global Note due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.05) 8-K 000-23354 6/6/2019 4.3 4.07 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 7, 2019, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 8-K 000-23354 11/7/2019 4.3 4.08 
 Form of 4.875 Global Note due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.07) 8-K 000-23354 11/7/2019 4.4 4.09 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 12, 2020, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 8-K 000-23354 5/12/2020 4.2 4.10 
 Form of 3.750 Global Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.09) 8-K 000-23354 5/12/2020 4.3 4.11 
 Form of 4.875 Global Note due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.09) 8-K 000-23354 5/12/2020 4.4 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. Filed Herewith 4.12 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2020, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 8-K 000-23354 8/17/2020 4.3 4.13 
 Form of 3.750 Global Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.12) 8-K 000-23354 8/17/2020 4.4 4.14 
 Form of 4.875 Global Note due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.12) 8-K 000-23354 8/17/2020 4.5 4.15 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2022, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee 8-K 000-23354 12/7/2022 4.2 4.16 
 Form of 6.000 Global Note due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.15) 8-K 000-23354 12/7/2022 4.3 4.17 
 Description of Registrant's Securities 10-K 000-23354 5/28/2020 4.14 10.01 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2022, among Flex Ltd. and certain of its subsidiaries, from time to time party thereto, as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer and a Swing Line Lender, and the other L/C Issuers, Swing Line Lenders and Lenders party thereto 8-K 000-23354 7/22/2022 10.01 10.02 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its Directors and certain officers 10-K 000-23354 5/20/2009 10.01 10.03 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Flextronics Corporation and Directors and certain officers of the Registrant 10-K 000-23354 5/20/2009 10.02 10.04 
 Nextracker Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan S-8 333-207325 10/7/2015 99.01 10.05 
 Flex Ltd. Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan DEF 14A 000-23354 6/26/2020 Annex A 10.06 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan for time-based vesting awards 10-Q 000-23354 10/30/2017 10.05 10.07 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan for time-based vesting awards (FY21) 10-Q 000-23354 8/5/2020 10.02 10.08 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan for performance-based vesting awards (20-day trading average) (FY21) 10-Q 000-23354 8/5/2020 10.03 10.09 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan for performance-based vesting awards (FY22) 10-Q 000.23354 7/30/2021 10.02 10.10 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated Flex Ltd. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan for performance-based vesting awards (FY23) 10-Q 000-23354 7/29/2022 10.03 10.11 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Flex Ltd. Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors 10-Q 000-23354 10/31/2022 10.02 10.12 
 2010 Flextronics International USA, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 10-Q 000-23354 11/3/2010 10.04 10.13 
 First Amendment to Flex 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 17, 2018 10-Q 000-23354 10/29/2021 10.01 10.14 
 Second Amendment to Flex 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan, dated August 16, 2019 10-Q 000-23354 10/29/2021 10.02 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. Filed Herewith 10.15 
 Third Amendment to Flex 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan, dated June 3, 2020 10-Q 000-23354 10/29/2021 10.03 10.16 
 Form of Award Agreement under 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan 10-Q 000-23354 7/30/2012 10.01 10.17 
 Form of 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan Award Agreement (performance targets, cliff vesting) 10-Q 000-23354 8/2/2013 10.02 10.18 
 Form of 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan Award Agreement (non-performance, periodic vesting, continuing Participant) 10-Q 000-23354 8/2/2013 10.03 10.19 
 Award Agreement under the 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan 10-Q 000-23354 7/28/2014 10.01 10.20 
 Form of Addendum Award Agreement under the 2010 Deferred Compensation Plan (FY21) 10-Q 000-23354 1/29/2021 10.02 10.21 
 Summary of Directors' Compensation 10-Q 000-23354 10/30/2017 10.02 10.22 
 Summary of Compensation Arrangements of Certain Executive Officers of Flex Ltd. 10-Q 000-23354 7/29/2022 10.02 10.23 
 Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy 10-Q 000-23354 8/5/2010 10.06 10.24 
 Flex Ltd. Executive Severance Plan 
 10-K 000-23354 5/21/2019 10.27 10.25 
 Revathi Advaithi Offer Letter, dated February 7, 2019 10-K 000-23354 5/21/2019 10.29 10.26 
 Scott Offer Amended Offer Letter, dated as of January 27, 2019 
 10-K 000-23354 5/28/2020 10.29 10.27 
 Paul R. Lundstrom Offer Letter, dated August 5, 2020 
 10-Q 000-23354 11/2/2020 10.02 10.28 
 Description of Annual Incentive Bonus Plan for Fiscal Year 2023 
 10-Q 000-23354 7/29/2022 10.01 10.29 
 Second Amended and Restated 2022 Nextracker Inc. Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 333-269238 1/13/2023 10.10 10.30 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Flex Ltd., Yuma, Inc., Nextracker Inc. and Yuma Acquisition Corp, dated as of February 7, 2023 
 8-K 000-23354 2/13/2023 10.1 10.31 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Nextracker Inc., Yuma, Inc., Yuma Subsidiary, Inc., TPG Rise Flash, L.P. and the Holders party thereto, dated as of February 13, 2023 8-K 000-23354 2/13/2023 10.2 21.01 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant X 23.01 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP X 24.01 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Form 10-K) X 31.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act X 31.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act X 32.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. Filed Herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) X 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 This exhibit is furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of Flex Ltd. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Flex Ltd. Date: May 19, 2023 
 By: /s/ REVATHI ADVAITHI Revathi Advaithi 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints jointly and severally, Revathi Advaithi and Paul R. Lundstrom and each one of them, her or his attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for her or him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or her or his substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ REVATHI ADVAITHI Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director May 19, 2023 Revathi Advaithi /s/ PAUL R. LUNDSTROM Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) May 19, 2023 Paul R. Lundstrom /s/ DANIEL J. WENDLER Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) May 19, 2023 Daniel J. Wendler /s/ MICHAEL D. CAPELLAS Chairman of the Board May 19, 2023 Michael D. Capellas /s/ JOHN D. HARRIS II Director May 19, 2023 John D. Harris II /s/ MICHAEL E. HURLSTON Director May 19, 2023 Michael E. Hurlston /s/ ERIN L. MCSWEENEY Director May 19, 2023 Erin L. McSweeney /s/ MARC A. ONETTO Director May 19, 2023 Marc A. Onetto /s/ CHARLES K. STEVENS, III Director May 19, 2023 Charles K. Stevens, III /s/ MARYROSE T. SYLVESTER Director May 19, 2023 Maryrose T. Sylvester /s/ LAY KOON TAN Director May 19, 2023 Lay Koon Tan /s/ PATRICK J. WARD 
 Director May 19, 2023 Patrick J. Ward 
 /s/ WILLIAM D. WATKINS Director May 19, 2023 William D. Watkins 
 
 105 

<EX-21.01>
 2
 flex-exx2101_3312023.htm
 EX-21.01

Document 

QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 
 
 EXHIBIT 21.01 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF FLEX LTD. 
 Name of Subsidiary Country State of Incorporation Organization ACS Acquisitions Ireland Limited 
 Ireland ACS Acquisitions, Inc. 
 United States Delaware 
 Advance Mold & Manufacturing, Inc. United States Connecticut AGM Automotive Costa Rica, S.A. Costa Rica AGM Automotive Mexico, LLC United States Delaware AGM Automotive, LLC United States Delaware AGM Durmont Austria GmbH Austria AGM Durmont Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Anord Control Systems (Holdings) Limited Ireland Anord Mardix (Asia) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Anord Mardix (Ireland) Limited Ireland Anord Mardix (NI) Limited Northern Ireland Anord Mardix (UK) Limited United Kingdom Anord Mardix (USA) Inc. United States Virginia Anord Mardix Acquisitions Limited United Kingdom Anord Mardix Critical Power Systems Limited United Kingdom Anord Mardix Databar Busway Limited United Kingdom Anord Mardix IBAR (EMEA) Limited United Kingdom Anord Mardix Spain, S.L.U. Spain Anord Mardix US Acquisitions, Inc. United States Delaware Avail Medical Products, Inc. United States Delaware Availmed, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Commercial Company in the form of a limited liability company factory Flextronics LLC Ukraine Connexion Innovation Systems, LLC United States Delaware Elementum Holding Ltd Cayman Islands Esju Oy Finland Express Cargo Forwarding Limited United Kingdom Farm Design, Inc. United States New Hampshire Finchley Trading Limited Hong Kong FIT Instituto de Tecnologia da Amaz nia Brazil Flex Asia Investment Limited Mauritius Flex Automotive GmbH Germany Flex Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Flex Foundation United States California Flex Holdings Luxembourg S.a r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Flex Home Products (M) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Flex Intelligence Mannufacturing (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Flex International s.r.o. Czech Republic Flex IoT Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd China Flex Lighting Solutions, Inc. United States Delaware Flex Precision Plastics Solutions (Switzerland) AG Switzerland 

Name of Subsidiary Country State of Incorporation Organization Flex Solutions Poland sp. z o. o. Poland Flex Technology (Changsa) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics (Israel) Ltd. Israel Flextronics (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Flextronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd China Flextronics Aerospace & Defense Services Inc United States Colorado Flextronics America, LLC United States Delaware Flextronics AP, LLC United States Colorado Flextronics Australia Pty Ltd Australia Flextronics Automotive (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics Automotive de Juarez, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Flextronics Automotive Sales and Marketing, Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Automotive USA (Texas), LLC United States Texas Flextronics Automotive USA Design and Development Corporation Philippines Flextronics Automotive USA Manufacturing Co. United States Ohio Flextronics Automotive USA, Inc. United States Michigan Flextronics Beerse N.V. Belgium Flextronics Bermuda Ltd. Bermuda Flextronics Canada Design Services, Inc. Canada Flextronics Cayman (SLR) Limited Cayman Islands Flextronics Central Europe B.V. Netherlands Flextronics Computing (Suzhou) Co., Ltd 
 China Flextronics Computing Mauritius Limited Mauritius Flextronics Corporation United States Delaware Flextronics da Amaz nia Ltda. Brazil Flextronics de Costa Rica, S.A. Costa Rica Flextronics Design S.r.l. Italy Flextronics Display Cayman Ltd. Cayman Islands Flextronics Electronics (Mauritius) Limited Mauritius Flextronics Electronics Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics Electronics Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics Enclosure (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd China Flextronics Enclosure Zhuhai (Mauritius) Co., Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Enclosures (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Flextronics Europe Holdings LLC United States Delaware Flextronics Europe Limited United Kingdom Flextronics Funding LLC United States Delaware Flextronics Global Enclosures (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Flextronics Global Enclosures Shanghai (Mauritius) Co., Ltd Mauritius Flextronics Global Holdings II Ltd. Cayman Islands Flextronics Global Holdings L.P. Cayman Islands Flextronics Global Procurement Ltd. Bermuda Flextronics Global Services (Manchester) Limited United Kingdom Flextronics Global Services Canada Inc. Services Globaux Flextronics Canada Inc. Canada Flextronics Global Services Mex, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 

Name of Subsidiary Country State of Incorporation Organization Flextronics Guadalajara Group, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Flextronics Holding (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Flextronics Holding do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Flextronics Holding Finland Oy Finland Flextronics Holding France SAS France Flextronics Holding GmbH Austria Flextronics Holding USA, Inc. United States Delaware Flextronics Holdings Spain, S.L.U. Spain Flextronics Ind. (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Flextronics Industrial (Shenzhen) Co Ltd China Flextronics Industrial (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics Industrial Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Industrial Shenzhen (Mauritius) Co Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Industrial Zhuhai (Mauritius) Co., Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Industries Marketing (L) Ltd. Federal Territory of Labuan Flextronics Industries Singapore Ltd. Singapore Flextronics Information Technology (Shen Zhen) Co., Ltd China Flextronics Information Technology Shen Zhen (Mauritius) Co., Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Instituto de Tecnologia FIT Brazil Flextronics Integrated Services Mex, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Flextronics International (Singapore Group) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Flextronics International (Taiwan) Ltd. Taiwan Flextronics International Asia-Pacific Ltd Mauritius Flextronics International Componentes Ltda. Brazil Flextronics International Europe B.V. Netherlands Flextronics International Gesellschaft m.b.H. Austria Flextronics International Holding LLC United States Delaware Flextronics International Holdings Pte. Ltd. Singapore Flextronics International Ireland Limited Ireland Flextronics International Japan Co., Ltd Japan Flextronics International Loj st k H zmetler T caret L m ted rket Turkey Flextronics International Management Services Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics International N.V. Curacao Flextronics International Ostersund AB Sweden Flextronics International Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Flextronics International Sweden AB Sweden Flextronics International Tecnologia Ltda Brazil Flextronics International Termel s Szolg ltat V mszabadter leti Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g Hungary Flextronics International USA, Inc. United States California Flextronics Investment Holding (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Flextronics Italy S.p.A. Italy Flextronics Laval S.N.C. France Flextronics Logistics (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Flextronics Logistics B.V. Netherlands 

Name of Subsidiary Country State of Incorporation Organization Flextronics Logistics Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Flextronics Logistics USA, Inc. United States California Flextronics Manufacturing (H.K.) Limited Hong Kong Flextronics Manufacturing (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Flextronics Manufacturing (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics Manufacturing Aguascalientes, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Flextronics Manufacturing Europe B.V. Netherlands Flextronics Manufacturing Juarez, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Flextronics Manufacturing Mex, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Flextronics Manufacturing S.r.l. Italy Flextronics Manufacturing Zhuhai (Mauritius) Co., Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Marketing (L) Ltd. Federal Territory of Labuan Flextronics Mauritius Limited Mauritius Flextronics Mechanicals Marketing (L) Ltd. Federal Territory of Labuan Flextronics Mechanicals Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Flextronics Medical Device Manufacturing (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics Medical Molding (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics Medical Sales and Marketing, Ltd Mauritius Flextronics Mexico Holdings II LLC United States Delaware Flextronics ODM Luxembourg S.A. Luxembourg Flextronics Ostersund AB Sweden Flextronics Photonics PPT, Inc. United States Oregon Flextronics Plastic (Asia Pacific) Limited Hong Kong Flextronics Plastic Technology (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics Plastic Technology (ShenZhen) Ltd. China Flextronics Plastic Technology ShenZhen (Mauritius) Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Plastics (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Flextronics Plastics Gushu (Mauritius) Co., Ltd Mauritius Flextronics Plastics, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Flextronics Power Systems (Dongguan) Co., Ltd. China Flextronics Precision Metal (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Flextronics Precision Plastics, Inc. United States Delaware Flextronics Puerto Rico Limited Cayman Islands Flextronics R&D (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd China Flextronics R&D Shenzhen (Mauritius) Co., Ltd Mauritius Flextronics Romania S.R.L. Romania Flextronics Sales & Marketing (A-P) Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Sales & Marketing North Asia (L) Ltd Federal Territory of Labuan Flextronics Sales and Marketing Consumer Digital Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics S rv r Logistics Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g Hungary Flextronics Scotland Limited United Kingdom Flextronics Shah Alam Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Flextronics Shanghai (Mauritius) Co., Ltd. Mauritius Flextronics Systems (Penang) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Flextronics Technologies (India) Private Limited India 

Name of Subsidiary Country State of Incorporation Organization Flextronics Technologies Luxembourg S.a r.l. Luxembourg Flextronics Technologies Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Flextronics Technologies San Luis, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Flextronics Technology (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Flextronics Technology (Nanjing) Co., Ltd China Flextronics Technology (Penang) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Flextronics Technology (Shah Alam) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Flextronics Technology (Zhuhai) Co. Ltd. China Flextronics Technology Nanjing (Mauritius) Co., Ltd Mauritius Flextronics Technology ShenZhen (Mauritius) Co., Ltd Mauritius Flextronics Technology Wujiang (Mauritius) Ltd Mauritius Flextronics Technology Zhuhai (Mauritius) Co., Ltd Mauritius Flextronics Tecnologia Do Brasil Ltd. Cayman Islands Flextronics Telecom Systems Ltd Mauritius Flextronics UK Limited United Kingdom Flextronics Verwaltungs GmbH Germany Glouple Ventures 2000-II, LLC United States Delaware I E C Holdings Limited Ireland IDE8 Cayman Cayman Islands IDE8 Mauritius Limited Mauritius IDE8 Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China International Manufacturing Synergies, Ltd. British Virgin Islands Irish Express Cargo Limited Ireland Irumold Servicios, S.L.U. Spain Irumold, S.L.U. Spain Kunshan AGM Automotive Components Co., Ltd. China Kunshan AGM Trading Company Ltd. China Lab IX Cayman Islands Lighting Acquisition LLC United States Delaware Mardix Holdings Ltd United Kingdom MCi (Mirror Controls International) Asia B.V. Netherlands MCi (Mirror Controls International) B.V. Netherlands MCi (Mirror Controls International) Inc. United States Delaware MCi (Mirror Controls International) Ireland Limited Ireland MCi (Mirror Controls International) Ireland Operations Limited Ireland MCi (Mirror Controls International) Ltd. Republic of Korea MCi (Mirror Controls International) Netherlands B.V. Netherlands MCi (Mirror Controls International), S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico MCi Mirror Controls (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China MICOH B.V. Netherlands Multilayer Technology Gesch ftsf hrungs GmbH Germany Multilayer Technology GmbH & Co. KG Germany Nanjing Flextronics Panda Mobile Terminals Co., Ltd China Nextracker Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Nextracker Brasil Ltda. Brazil 

Name of Subsidiary Country State of Incorporation Organization Nextracker Chile SpA Chile Nextracker Inc. United States Delaware Nextracker India Private Limited India Nextracker International Holdings II LLC United States Delaware Nextracker International Holdings LLC United States Delaware Nextracker LLC United States Delaware Nextracker M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Nextracker Saudi Energy LLC Saudi Arabia Nextracker Solar (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Nextracker Spain, S.L. Spain Pacific Device, Inc. United States Delaware Parque de Tecnologia Electronica, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Power Systems R&D (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Power Systems Technologies GmbH Germany Power Systems Technologies Ltd. Mauritius Private Joint Stock Company Flextronics Service UA Ukraine PT. Flextronics Technology Indonesia Indonesia Sheldahl Flexible Technologies, Inc. United States Delaware Shiant Resource Service Co., Ltd China Solectron France SAS France S nderborg V rkt jsfabrik A S Denmark Swedform Enclosure Systems AB Sweden The Rise Fund II Flash BL, LLC United States Delaware TPG Rise Climate Flash BL, LLC United States Delaware TPG Rise Climate Flash CI BL, LLC United States Delaware Vim Technologies Ltd Mauritius Yuma Acquisition Corp. United States Delaware Yuma Subsidiary, Inc. United States Delaware Yuma, Inc. United States Delaware Z124 Cayman Islands 

Advance Mold & Manufacturing, Inc. does business under the following names 
 Subsidiary dba Advance Mold & Manufacturing, Inc. Vision Technical Molding, LLC Vision Technical Molding 
 Flextronics International Tecnologia Ltda. does business under the following names nome fantasia 
 Subsidiary dba Flextronics International Tecnologia Ltda. Sinctronics 
 MCi (Mirror Controls International) group does business under the following names 
 Subsidiary dba MCi (Mirror Controls International) Asia B.V. MCi (Mirror Controls International) B.V. MCi (Mirror Controls International) Ireland Limited MCi (Mirror Controls International) Ireland Operations Limited MCi (Mirror Controls International) Ltd. MCi (Mirror Controls International) Netherlands B.V. MCi (Motion Controls International) MCi (Motion Controls International) Netherlands MCi (Mirror Controls International) Inc. MCi (Motion Controls International) 
 Pacific Device, Inc. does business under the following names 
 Subsidiary dba Pacific Device, Inc. Avail Medical Products, Inc. 
 Sheldahl Flexible Technologies, Inc. does business under the following names 
 Subsidiary dba Sheldahl Flexible Technologies, Inc. Sheldahl 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 21.01 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 3
 flex-exx2301_3312023.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 

QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 
 
 EXHIBIT 23.01 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-256716 on Form S-3ASR and Registration Statement Nos. 333-248470, 333-220002, and 333-207325 on Form S-8 of our reports dated May 19, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Flex Ltd. and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flex Ltd. for the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 May 19, 2023 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 23.01 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 flex-exx3101_3312023.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Revathi Advaithi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flex Ltd. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date May 19, 2023 s REVATHI ADVAITHI Revathi Advaithi Chief Executive Officer 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 flex-exx3102_3312023.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Paul R. Lundstrom, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flex Ltd. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date May 19, 2023 s PAUL R. LUNDSTROM Paul R. Lundstrom Chief Financial Officer 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 flex-exx3201_3312023.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 We, Revathi Advaithi and Paul R. Lundstrom, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Flex Ltd. (the Company ), hereby certify, to the best of our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date May 19, 2023 s REVATHI ADVAITHI Revathi Advaithi Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date May 19, 2023 s PAUL R, LUNDSTROM Paul R. Lundstrom Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Flex Ltd. and will be retained by it and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 flex-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 flex-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 flex-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 flex-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 flex-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

