<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1419793_0001213900-23-030192.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9629648</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>250306</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1706068</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2535178</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2512782</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2447433</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030192.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417150159
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030192
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORIGINCLEAR, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001419793
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER, SEWER, PIPELINE, COMM AND POWER LINE CONSTRUCTION [1623]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-147980
		FILM NUMBER:		23823709

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13575 58TH STREET NORTH, SUITE 200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33760
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(727) 440-4603

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13575 58TH STREET NORTH, SUITE 200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33760

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORIGINOIL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030192.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_originclear.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year
ended , 

Or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal
executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
Number: 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has fi led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If the securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market
value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based upon the closing sales price
of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 of 0.0134 per share. 

At April 14, 2023, shares
of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE: NONE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 17 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 25 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 25 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 26 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 30 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 30 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 30 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 30 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 31 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 31 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 32 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 35 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 36 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 37 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 37 
 
 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 38 

SIGNATURES 
 
 41 

i 

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control,
which may include statements about our: 

business strategy; 

financial strategy; 

intellectual property; 

production; 

future operating results; and 

plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this report that are not historical. 

All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this report, regarding our strategy, intellectual property, future operations,
financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking
statements. When used in this report, the words could, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, expect, project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements,
although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of
this report. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and
expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this report are reasonable, we can give no assurance
that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. These statements may be found under Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Business, as well as in this report generally.
Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including,
without limitation, the risks outlined under Risk Factors and matters described in this report generally. In light of these
risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Organizational History 

OriginClear, Inc. we ,
 us , our , the Company or OriginClear was incorporated on June 1, 2007 under the
laws of the State of Nevada. We have been engaged in business operations since June 2007. In 2015, we moved into the commercialization
phase of our business plan having previously been primarily involved in research, development and licensing activities. Our principal
offices are located at 13575 58th Street North, Suite 200, Clearwater, FL 33760. Our main telephone number is (727) 440-4603. Our website
address is www.OriginClear.com. The information contained on, connected to or that can be accessed via our website is not part of this
report. 

Overview of Business 

OriginClear is a water technology
company which has developed in-depth capabilities over its 14-year lifespan. Those technology capabilities have now been organized under
the umbrella brand of OriginClear Tech Group (www.originclear.tech). OriginClear, under the brand of OriginClear Tech Group OTG ),
designs, engineers, manufactures, and distributes water treatment solutions for commercial, industrial, and municipal end markets. 

OriginClear s
assets, subsidiaries and product offerings consist of: 

A worldwide, exclusive master license to the intellectual property of Daniel M. Early, consisting of five patents and related intellectual property, know-how and trade secrets Early IP ). 

The brand, Modular Water Systems (MWS), featuring products differentiated by the Early IP and complemented with additional knowhow and trade secrets. MWS is in commercial operation and operates as a division of the Company. 

Progressive Water Treatment Inc. PWT is a wholly-owned subsidiary based in Dallas, Texas, which is responsible for a significant percentage of the Company s revenue, specializing in engineered water treatment solutions and custom treatment systems. 

OriginClear has incubated a new outsourced water treatment business called Water On Demand WOD ). The WOD model intends to offer private businesses water self-sustainability as a service - the ability to pay for water treatment and purification services on a per-gallon basis. This is commonly known as Design-Build-Own-Operate or DBOO . 

On April 13, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors
approved the plan to spin off its WOD business into a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, Water On Demand Inc. WODI ),
which will hold the assets, liabilities, intellectual property and business operations of the WOD business. WODI is designed to select
projects, fully qualify them, provide financing for DBOO service contracts, and thereafter manage assets, contracts, clients, investors,
strategic partners and vendors. 

On January 5, 2023, WODI signed a non-binding Letter of Intent
with Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Fortune Rise ), under which Fortune Rise proposes
to acquire all the outstanding securities of WODI, based on certain material financial and business terms and conditions being met. 

Water Businesses 

The
Company develops and incubates businesses in its role as the Clean Water Innovation Hub CWIB ). The mission of CWIB
in general, is to create valuable properties through an incubation process that results in the launching of valuable spinoffs that add
value to the world s water industry. 

1 

The
first such spinoff was on April 13, 2022, when the Company s Board of Directors approved the plan to spin off its WOD business into
a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, Water On Demand Inc., which will hold the assets, liabilities, intellectual property and business
operations of the WOD business. 

CWIB s
ongoing operations include: 

1. 
 Building a network of customer-facing water brands to expand global market presence and technical expertise. These include the wholly-owned subsidiary, Progressive Water Treatment, Inc., and the Modular Water Systems brand. 

2. 
 Managing relationships with partners worldwide who are licensees and business partners. 

3. 
 Developing the capability of partners to build systems and to deliver Operation Maintenance O M capability at scale, to support Water On Demand outsourced treatment and purification programs. 

4. 
 Continue to study the streamlining of water assets and royalties through the blockchain, as part of the H2O concept. At this time there is no plan to actively develop a blockchain-based asset. 

5. 
 Prepare properties for eventual spinoff. 

Milestones 

Progressive Water Treatment Inc. 

On
October 1, 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of Dallas-based Progressive Water Treatment Inc. PWT ), a designer,
builder and service provider for a wide range of industrial water treatment applications. PWT, together with MWS, other proprietary technologies
and potential future acquisitions, aims to offer a complementary, end-to-end offering to serve growing corporate demand for outsourced
water treatment. 

PWT s Business 

Since
1995, PWT has been designing and manufacturing a complete line of water treatment systems for municipal, industrial and pure water applications.
PWT designs and manufactures a complete line of water treatment systems for municipal, industrial and pure water applications. Its uniqueness
is its ability to gain an in-depth understanding of customer s needs and then to design and build an integrated water treatment
system using multiple technologies to provide a complete solution for its customers. 

PWT
utilizes a wide range of technologies, including chemical injection, media filters, membrane, ion exchange and SCADA (supervisory control
and data acquisition) technology in turnkey systems. PWT also offers a broad range of services including maintenance contracts, retrofits
and replacement assistance. In addition, PWT rents equipment in contracts of varying duration. Customers are primarily served in the United
States and Canada, with the company s reach extending worldwide from Siberia to Argentina to the Middle East. 

PWT Milestones 

In
the first quarter of 2019, the Company increased the number of the manufacturer s representatives for its operating units, PWT and
Modular Water Systems MWS ). 

On
Nov 7, 2019, the Company published a case study showing how its Modular Water System may help automotive dealerships expand into rural
land. The case study shows how point-of-use treatment solves lack of access to the public sewer system. 

On
March 5, 2020, the Company announced disruptive pump and lift station pricing, stating that its prefabricated modules with a lifespan
of up to 100 years now compete with precast concrete. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company announced that its Progressive Water Treatment division is now shipping BroncBoost , its workhorse Booster
Pump Station equipment line. Engineered and built in Texas, BroncBoost allows customers to control water flow rates and pressure for mission
critical water distribution systems. 

2 

On
August 25, 2021, PWT entered into a Master Services Agreement (MSA) with a large US public utility company for water filtration systems
that will provide process water at three power plants. The utility issued a purchase order for approximately 1.8 million, for the first
power plant. The total purchase price payable to PWT under the MSA is approximately 5 million, subject to certain conditions, including
receipt and acceptance by PWT of additional purchase orders. We expect the overall contract to take up to two years to deliver from the
date of the MSA. 

Modular Water Systems 

On
June 22, 2018, OriginClear signed an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement with Daniel Dan Early P. E. for his proprietary
technology for prefabricated water transport and treatment systems. On July 19, 2018, the Company began incubating its Modular Water Treatment
Division (MWS) around Mr. Early s technology and perspective customers. The Company has funded the development of this division
with internal cash flow. In Q1 of 2020, the Company fully integrated MWS with wholly-owned Progressive Water Treatment Inc. The Company
is currently developing MWS as a discrete line of business for an eventual spinoff. Mr. Early currently serves as Chief Engineer for OriginClear. 

On
July 19, 2018, the Company launched its Modular Water Treatment Division, offering a unique product line of prefabricated water transport
and treatment systems. Daniel Dan Early P.E. (Professional Engineer) heads the Modular Water Systems MWS division. On June 25, 2018, Dan Early granted the Company a worldwide, exclusive non-transferable license to the technology and knowhow
behind MWS (See Intellectual Property ). A ten-year renewal on May 20, 2020 added the right to sublicense and create manufacturing
joint ventures. On July 25, 2018, MWS received its first order, for a brewery wastewater treatment plant. 

With
PWT and other companies as fabricators and assemblers, MWS designs, manufactures and delivers prefabricated water transport (pump and
lift stations) under the EveraMOD brand; and wastewater treatment plant WWTP products under the EveraSKID 
and EveraTREAT brands to customers and end-users which are required to clean their own wastewater, such as schools, small communities,
institutional facilities, real estate developments, factories, and industrial parks. 

On
September 28, 2021, the Company announced that MWS deployed its pilot Pondster brand modular lagoon treatment system at a Mobile
Home Park (MHP) or trailer park, in Troy, Alabama. 

On
June 16, 2022 the Company announced that MWS received purchase orders for approximately 1.5 Million in May of 2022. This compared to
 1,774,880 in purchase orders for the entire year 2021. 

On
July 25, 2022 the Company announced that decentralized water treatment, long pioneered by OriginClear s Modular Water Systems 
(MWS), is now being mandated by major US cities to recycle water in large new buildings. 

On
August 12, 2022 the Company announced the inaugural delivery and installation of its pre-engineered EveraBOX to implement a low-risk
Liquid Ammonium Sulfate (LAS) disinfectant system for Pennsylvania s Beaver Falls Municipal Water Authority (BFMA). Typical of MWS
products, EveraBOX is manufactured using inexpensive, long-lasting High-Density Polyethylene (HDPE) or Polypropylene (PP) materials. These
materials have proven to be less affected by supply chain issues currently impacting metal and fiberglass construction. 

On
April 14, 2023, the Company announced the transfer of the MWS assets to WODI, for which WODI issued an aggregate of 6,000,000 shares of
WODI common stock. 

3 

Water on Demand : a new strategic direction 

OriginClear has developed a new outsourced water
treatment business called Water On Demand : or WOD as a potential revenue source. The WOD model intends to
offer private businesses the ability to pay for water treatment and purification services on a per-gallon basis. This is commonly known
as Design-Build-Own-Operate or DBOO . WOD is designed to select projects, fully qualify them, provide financing for Design-Build-Own-Operate
service contracts, and thereafter manage assets, contracts, clients, investors, strategic partners and vendors. 

On
April 13, 2021, we announced formation of a wholly-owned subsidiary called Water On Demand #1, Inc. WOD #1 to pursue capitalization
of the equipment required. The WOD Subsidiaries, Water On Demand #2, Inc. WOD #2 ), Water On Demand #3, Inc. WOD
#3 ), Water On Demand #4, Inc. WOD #4 were separately created to permit optional segmenting of capital pools according
to strategic partnerships. The Company is now simplifying this structure by placing all funds in WOD #1 and tracking the partnerships
within that company. As they are subject to a security guaranty by the Company, the WOD Subsidiaries, and the capital raised for them
through the Company s Series Y offering, shall continue to be held by the Company and made available for use by WODI, to be deployed,
subject to a planned management contract. 

On April 13, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved
the plan to spin off its WOD business into a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, Water On Demand Inc., WODI ), as a result,
WODI holds all of the assets, liabilities, intellectual property and business operations of the Water On Demand business. In connection
with the spin off, the Company stipulated that it would exclude the WOD Subsidiaries, and the capital raised, and to be raised in the
future with respect to those entities through the sale of its Series Y offering, from the assignment of assets and will make the capital
available as part of a planned management contract. WODI is conducting an offering under Regulation A by which WODI is raising capital
to direct toward WOD projects. 

To enable rapid scaling, WODI
does not itself intend to build, maintain or service the water treatment systems it finances, but instead contract with regional water
service companies to carry out these functions. On April 6, 2022, an agreement in principle was reached to work with the first of these
intended contractors, Envirogen Technologies (www.envirogen.com), a 30-year international provider of environmental technology and process
solutions (www.originclear.com/company-news/originclear-and-envirogen-to-partner-on-water-on-demand). Future resources to build, maintain
and service these financed systems may come from acquisitions; however, these are not actively being planned. 

Delegating
the building and operating of WOD-financed systems to regional water companies under performance contract, with the aim of developing
a network of such partners, is expected to enable rapid scale-up of the WOD program, and the partner network would create a high barrier
to entry for competitors. 

At the time of this filing,
WODI has no staff or independent resources. The Board of Directors of OriginClear serves as the Board for WODI, the CEO of OriginClear
serves as CEO of WODI., and the CFO of OriginClear also serves as CFO of WODI. Under a prospective management services contract, OCLN
is providing all staffing and administrative resources, as well as access to the funds it has raised for WOD investments. 

4 

The Decentralization Megatrend 

According to a 2021 report
by McKinsey Co., US water infrastructure: Making funding count (https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/electric-power-and-natural-gas/our-insights/us-water-infrastructure-making-funding-count): 

The need for investment
in the US water system is at an unprecedented level. On average, 14 to 18 percent of total daily treated potable water in the United States
is lost through leaks, with some water systems reporting water-loss rates exceeding 60 percent. Much of the nation s water and wastewater
infrastructure was built in the 1970s and 1980s. Since then, the share of federal capital investment has declined, putting the majority
of capital-funding responsibility on state and local governments, which are increasingly juggling funding priorities. 

According to the American
Water Works Association s State of the water industry report, 31 percent of utilities surveyed in 2019 expressed doubt in their
ability to cover the full cost of providing services, a figure that rose to 42 percent during the 2020 COVID-19 lockdown. 

Simply raising rates
is not a practical solution because water bills are already too high for many US households. Even before the COVID-19 pandemic, 20.0 percent
of US households in 2019 were paying more than 4.5 percent of their household income on water bills a level that is considered unaffordable.
This figure rose to 24 percent in the first seven months of 2021 (Exhibit 3). 

Figure
1: Water rates rise but utilities remain underfunded. 

As municipalities continue
to be underfunded with rising water rates (Figure 1), businesses are increasingly choosing to treat and purify their own water, in a trend
known as Decentralized Water, first described in the Lux Research presentation of June 28, 2016. (https://members.luxresearchinc.com/research/report/20060). 

5 

According to the Lux Research data, the unmet infrastructure
needs of America s 150,000+ water systems will exceed 100 billion per year by 2025. And the recent Infrastructure
Investment and Jobs Act only provided one-time funding of 55 billion, which is less than one year s deficit. 

It is this underfunding that is creating the
water quality problems we are seeing in places like Flint, Michigan and Jackson, Mississippi. 

It is not realistic to expect this underfunding
of central water to be resolved anytime soon. The alternative is to simply reduce the load on these central systems. Since industry and
agriculture together account for 89 of all water demand in the United States (https://ourworldindata.org/water-use-stress), we can enable
commercial users to purify their own wastewater, thereby enabling water districts to focus on serving residential users achieving
a major social justice victory by simply unburdening the central facilities. 

Self-treatment is a win-win, too because
businesses can do better by treating their own water; for instance, implementing recycling of the water they pay for, and controlling
their own costs. 

But to make such a decentralization program work,
capital is needed. Most businesses simply do not have it in their capital plan to treat their own water. Now, with Water On Demand, they
can forget about investing in capital and expertise: they can simply continue to pay on the meter as they always have, but to a micro-utility
that sits on their own premises. 

Reducing Risk through Outsourcing 

Inflation of water rates greatly exceeds core inflation,
creating a risk for managers of businesses served by municipalities. We believe this creates an incentive for self-treatment; but these
businesses may lack the capital for 

large water plant expenditures, and the in-house expertise to manage
them. Outsourcing through Water on Demand means that these companies do not have to worry about financing or managing the project. 

As an example, in information technology sector,
few companies operate their own server in-house powering their website. Rather, such servers are typically managed by professionals through
a service level agreement. We believe this same concept can be applied towards water treatment, using outsourced water treatment solutions
whereby the vendor retains ownership of the equipment. This concept is expanded to Own and Operate , an extension of the
basic Design and Build , for a full offering known as Design Build Own and Operate or DBOO , which
is very similar to the solar energy programs known as Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs). 

Under such a plan, a business can outsource its
wastewater treatment and avoid significant capital expenses and management responsibilities which can be a distraction from their core
business. 

We believe this is financially and operationally
attractive to industrial, agricultural and commercial water users and can potentially drive additional revenue streams for WODI by providing
water treatment as a service. 

Technology specifically developed for decentralization. 

In 2018, OriginClear launched its Modular Water
Systems (MWS) division (www.modularwater.com), headed by Daniel M. Early, P.E., a pioneer of on-site or decentralized water treatment
in this country. Supported by its proprietary technology, this division already serves businesses doing their own water treatment. These
modular systems can be easily put to work for pre-funded, pay-per-gallon applications, potentially creating a barrier to entry for other
companies wanting to do the same. 

Also, the portable nature of some of these prefabricated,
drop-in-place Modular Water Systems may provide a competitive benefit for a pure service model where the equipment remains the property
of the Company, because their mobility enables some degree of repossession in the event the client fails to pay their monthly bill. We
believe this is a key competitive advantage. 

Finally, we may license MWS
technology to Water On Demand and other operating partners under contract to design, build and operate systems, thus achieving both acceptance
of such technology and a standardized fleet of installed systems. 

6 

Implementation of Water On Demand 

On
March 17, 2021, OriginClear incorporated Water On Demand #1 Inc. WOD#1 in Nevada as a wholly owned subsidiary to operate
and manage our Water on Demand business. 

In
November 2021, the Company created additional Water on Demand subsidiaries Water on Demand # 2, Inc. (WOD # 2), Water on Demand
# 3, Inc. (WOD # 3) and Water on Demand # 4, Inc. (WOD # 4) which were each separately created to permit optional segmenting of capital
pools according to strategic partnerships. The Company simplified this structure by placing all funds in WOD #1 and tracks the partnerships
within that company. As they are subject to a security guaranty by the Company, the WOD Subsidiaries, and the capital raised for them
through the sale of the Company s Series Y offering, shall continue to be held by the Company. This capital will be made available
to WODI to be deployed, subject to a planned management contract. 

On
April 6, 2022, the Company agreed in principle to an arrangement with Houston-based, international water service company Envirogen Technologies
for certain operations and maintenance (O M) functions, the first of a potential series of such partnerships, intended to enable Water
On Demand to focus on finance and asset management while the water industry benefits from a steady stream of pre-capitalized projects. 

(https://www.originclear.com/company-news/originclear-and-envirogen-to-partner-on-water-on-demand) 

On
April 13, 2022, the Company announced the formation of Water On Demand, Inc. WODI as a wholly owned subsidiary which will
hold the assets, liabilities, intellectual property and business operations of the Water On Demand business. Water On Demand is designed
to offer clean water systems to businesses and communities as a managed service without any capital requirement. 

On
June 29, 2022, WODI announced the launch of its 300 Million offering (the Reg D Offering ). The offering of the securities
is made pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 506(c) of Regulation D, to accredited investors only. 

The Company requires funding in order to
execute on its Water on Demand initiative. As of the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company received aggregate funding in the amount
of 5,067,777 through the sale of its Series Y Preferred Stock dedicated to the Water on Demand program. see Notes to Financial
Statements- Sale of Preferred Stock). 

On February 17, 2023, the
Securities and Exchange Commission qualified the Offering Circular for the offering of securities by WODI pursuant to Regulation A offering Reg A Offering ). The Reg A Offering is intended to accumulate capital for WODI to direct toward WOD projects. The purpose
of this Offering is to create an independent funding base for WODI and to enable the Company to provide financing for Design Build Own
and Operate lifecycle projects internally without requiring direct financial support by OCLN. OCLN will continue to provide shared administrative
services. The Reg A Offering is administered by New York-based Castle Placement Castle as the placement agent. 

On March 9, 2023, the Company
announced that it launched a limited preview Reg A Offering for WODI, administered by Castle. This preview will end on April 30, 2023. 

In connection with the Reg A Offering, the Company
decided to limit the Reg D Offering to 20 million. 

The
Company is now actively evaluating potential clients for a test of water treatment and purification services on a pay-per-gallon basis,
but a first agreement has not been reached. Also, the Company, as represented by OCLN, is in early stage talks with partners to deliver
DBOO services, with the Company providing financing and contract management services. In the event such talks do not succeed, the Company,
represented under contract by OCLN, would need to implement its own resources for such DBOO services. 

In
order to enable WODI to implement its own such resources, on April 14, 2023, the Company sold all of the assets associated with the MWS
business to WODI in exchange for 6,000,000 shares of WODI common stock. 

Advisory Support for OriginClear 

In September, 2020, OriginClear
announced that Philanthroinvestors had entered a strategic agreement with OriginClear and had listed the Company on its new Water Philanthroinvestors
program. At the same time, OriginClear appointed Philanthroinvestors Founder, Ivan Anz and CEO, Arte Maren to OriginClear s Board
of Advisors. 

7 

H2O 

On May 10, 2021, OriginClear
filed a patent application for its System And Method For Water Treatment Incentive , which includes blockchain technology
and non-fungible tokens NFT(s) to simplify the distribution of payments on outsourced water treatment and purification
services billed on a pay-per-gallon basis ahead of inflation, or Water On Demand. 

On May 16, 2021, the Company
applied for a registered trademark for the mark H2O (also referred to as H2O) as the blockchain system representing this activity. The
current filing basis is Intent-to-use basis (under Trademark Act Section 1(b)). 

On June 10, 2021, the Company
named Ricardo Fabiani Garcia, an OriginClear investor and veteran technologist, to the Company s Board of Advisors. Mr. Garcia will
advise the management team as it sets up the roadmap and chooses the resources for the H2O project. 

There
is no active development effort for H2O. Depending on the final form that H2O takes, we may encounter regulatory concerns that we cannot
guarantee we will overcome. In that event, we would fall back on ordinary financial payment systems. Neither our Water on Demand
or other current business models rely on any blockchain system for operation, and we can accomplish our operational goals using ordinary
financial and currency channels. The Company does not intend to incorporate a blockchain system in any registered offering. 

Potential Acquisitions
and Incubations 

The
Company, in its role as the CWIB, seeks to incubate or acquire businesses that help industrial water users achieve water self-sustainability.
We believe that assembling a group of such water treatment and water management businesses is potentially an opportunity for spinoffs
and increased Company value for the stockholders. 

We
are particularly interested in companies which successfully execute on Design-Build-Own-Operate or DBOO. These companies are growing fast,
because tougher regulations, water scarcities and general outsourcing trends are driving industrial and agricultural water treatment users
to delegate their water problem to service providers. As Global Water Intelligence pointed out in their report on October 30, 2015, Water
is often perceived as a secondary importance, with end-users increasingly wanting to focus solely on their own core business. This is
driving a move away from internal water personnel towards external service experts to take control of water aspects. External
service experts are typically small privately owned and locally operated. Creating a network of such providers could lead to enormous
economies of scale through sharing of best practices, technologies, and customers and could represent a major barrier to entry for Water
On Demand s competitors. 

The Company cautions that suitable acquisition
candidates may not be identified and even if identified, the Company may not have adequate capital to complete the acquisition and/or
definitive agreement may not be reached. Internally-incubated businesses, similarly, may not become commercial successes 

8 

Patents and Intellectual Property 

On
June 25, 2018, Dan Early granted the Company a worldwide, exclusive non-transferable license to intellectual property consisting of five
issued US patents, and design software, CAD, marketing, design and specification documents Early IP ). 

On
May 20, 2020, we agreed on a renewal of the license for an additional ten years, with three-year extensions. We also gained the right
to sublicense, and, with approval, to create ISO-compliant manufacturing joint ventures. 

The
license to the Early IP was included as part of the sale of the MWS assets to WODI on April 14, 2023. 

The Early IP consists of combined
protection on the materials and configurations of complete packaged water treatment systems, built into containers. The patents consist
of the following: 

# 
 
 Description 
 
 Patent No. 
 
 Date 
Patent 
Issued 
 
 Expiration 
Date 
 
 1 
 
 Wastewater System Method 
 
 US 8,372,274 B2 
Applications: WIPO, Mexico 
 
 02/12/13 
 
 07/16/31 
 
 2 
 
 Steel Reinforced HDPE Rainwater Harvesting 
 
 US 8,561,633 B2 
 
 10/22/13 
 
 05/16/32 
 
 3 
 
 Wastewater Treatment System CIP 
 
 US 8,871,089 B2 
 
 10/28/14 
 
 05/07/32 
 
 4 
 
 Scum Removal System for Liquids 
 
 US 9,205,353 B2 
 
 12/08/15 
 
 02/19/34 
 
 5 
 
 Portable, Steel Reinforced HDPE Pump Station CIP 
 
 US 9,217,244 B2 
 
 12/22/15 
 
 10/20/31 

On
May 10, 2021, OriginClear announced that it had filed a patent application titled System And Method For Water Treatment Incentive ,
for using blockchain technology and non-fungible tokens (NFT) to simplify the distribution of payments on outsourced water treatment and
purification services billed on a pay-per-gallon basis ahead of inflation. 

With
the rising need for local, point-of-use or point-of-discharge water treatment solutions, the Modular Water Systems licensed IP family
is the core to a portable, integrated, transportable, plug-and-play system that, unlike other packaged solutions, can be manufactured
in series, have a longer life and are more respectful of the environment. 

The
common feature of this IP family is the use of a construction material (Structural Reinforced ThermoPlastic), for the containers that
is: 

more durable: an estimated 75 to 100-year life
 cycle as opposed to a few decades for metal, or 40 to 50 
 years maximum for concrete; 

easier to manufacture: vessels manufacturing process can be automated; and 

recyclable and can be made out of biomaterials 

In
addition, patents US 8,372,274 and US 8,871,089 (1 and 3) relate to the use of vessels or containers made out of this material combined
with a configuration of functional modules, or process, for general water treatment. 

Other
subsequent patents, which build upon the original claims, focus on more targeted applications. These patents outline a given combination
of modules engineered inside the vessel to address a specific water treatment challenge. 

Expansion of the PWT and MWS Business-Lines 

In
April 2019, we completed the expansion of our manufacturer s representative network to serve both PWT and MWS for customer lead
generation. 

Beginning
with its first installation, PWT built MWS components. The Company is currently developing MWS as a discrete line of business for
an eventual spinoff, and MWS systems are built and assembled by a network of fabrication partners. In addition, the Company is developing
the EveraMOD Pump Station product line as a standalone business. 

9 

PRODUCTS, TECHNOLOGY
AND SERVICES 

The
Company deploys advanced technologies at the point of use, with modular, prefabricated systems that create durable assets and water independence
for industry, commerce and agriculture. 

Failing
infrastructure and the rising cost of water are driving businesses to treat their own water. The Company provides on-premise systems enabling
very high purification and recycling levels that centralized systems cannot achieve. Systems installed at the point of use become productive
assets for businesses that also increase property values. Furthermore, the Company s products help corporations improve their environmental,
social and governance (ESG) standings with water management services. 

Operations Markets 

The
Company focuses on meeting the needs of businesses looking for compact, advanced water treatment technologies that can be shipped to and
installed at the point of use. The Company manufactures and distributes its professional-grade water treatment and conveyance products
to commercial and industrial customers, fielding both direct and indirect sales channels to reach end-market clients such as hotels and
resorts, real estate housing developments, office buildings, military installations, schools, farms, food and beverage manufacturers,
industrial warehouse, oil and gas producers, and medical and pharmaceutical facilities. 

From
its Texas-based factory, the Company designs and prefabricates an entire line of plug-n-play containerized units called Modular Water
Systems that enable water purification, recycling and wastewater management. 

These
onsite modular products provide clients with water independence through ownership and operational control over water quality, enabling
them to increase productivity while reducing environmental, health and safety risks from pollution, contamination and corrosion. Modular
water products are trusted to balance performance with cost-effectiveness, enabling business users to go well beyond municipal standards
for water quality, therefore achieving high levels of satisfaction for their own customers, and improved sustainability for their properties. 

The
Company s water treatment equipment can boost real estate asset value as a fundamental capital improvement, combined with long-lasting
water savings for the corporate bottom line. 

Product Portfolio 

The Company
groups its products into three main categories: 

Water Treatment: achieving high grade purification; 

Water Conveyance: water transportation and pumping; and 

Advanced Technologies: commercialization of innovative technologies. 

The
Company s complete line of compact, on-site, point-of-use products include: advanced purification systems that are skid, rack-mounted
and containerized for reverse osmosis, ultrafiltration, media filtration, disinfection, water softening, ion exchange and electrodeionization
(EDI), combined as needed in small to medium commercial and industrial applications, and custom-build projects. Water conveyance products
include pump and lifting stations, modular storage tanks, and control monitoring panels. 

The
Company s line of modular water products and systems create instant infrastructure fully engineered, prefabricated
and prepackaged systems that use durable, sophisticated materials. The units are available in standard capacities for onsite closed-loop
systems at commercial business locations. 

The
Company s rugged wastewater treatment plants, highly reliable pump stations, and premium water purification units typically offer
25 percent lower initial costs over conventional systems, with greater quality and full connectivity. These pump stations and wastewater
treatment products utilize high density thermo-plastics (HDPE) and proprietary, innovative prefabrication methods and materials that deliver
the longest life and strongest products. 

10 

Original Technologies 

Electro
Water Separation EWS and Advanced Oxidation AOx were the Company s original, filterless
water treatment technologies, which originated in the Company s invention of an algae dewatering process before its transition into
the water industry. 

EWS
is OriginClear s breakthrough water cleanup technology which utilizes a catalytic process to concentrate and eliminate suspended
solids in the worst commercial and industrial wastewater. 

AOx
is OriginClear s advanced oxidation technology which generates a dense cloud of ozone, hydrogen peroxide and hydroxyl radicals,
dramatically reducing or eliminating dissolved organic microtoxins, including bacteria and viruses, hormones, drugs, pesticides such as
Roundup, and synthetics. AOx has also been shown to effectively reduce harmful chemicals such as ammonia and hydrogen sulfide 
the rotten egg smell in crude oil that reduces its value. 

At
this time, the Company is strictly marketing the EWS/AOx technology in the context of turnkey integrators such as India s Permionics
and Spain s Depuporc. (Depuporc permanently terminated its operations in 2021 due to COVID-19 business disruptions and no future
business is expected). In addition, US-based Algeternal is our partner for the original algae-harvesting applications of this technology,
and reportedly continues to use Company equipment for this purpose. The Company does not maintain an internal technical staff to manage
this technology or its implementation and has no plans to do so. 

Market Opportunity 

On a global basis, only twenty
percent (20 of all sewage and thirty percent (30 of all industrial waste water are treated or recycled. Water leakage results in the
loss of thirty-five percent (35 of all clean water across the planet. Cutting that number in half would provide clean water for 100
million people. This is a situation of great danger, but also great potential. 

We believe businesses can no longer rely on giant,
centralized water utilities to meet the challenge. That is why more and more business users are doing their own water treatment and recycling.
Whether by choice or necessity, those businesses that invest in onsite water systems gain a tangible asset on their business and real
estate and can enjoy better water quality at a lower cost, especially if treated water is recycled. 

We believe self-reliant businesses are quietly
building decentralized water wealth for themselves while also helping their communities. Environmental, social and governance
(ESG) investing guidelines, which drive about a quarter of all professionally managed assets around the world, specifically include the
key factor of how well corporations manage water. 

As civil infrastructure ages and fails and
as the costs for new and replacement infrastructure increase year over year, we believe engineers and end-users will search for new ways
and methods of deploying water and wastewater systems that are less expensive to deliver and much less expensive to own and operate with
the mission intent of substantially increasing the replacement intervals currently experienced by conventional materials of construction
and conventional product delivery models. 

11 

Integration of Operating Divisions 

Since being acquired by OriginClear
in 2015, Progressive Water Treatment, Inc. has evolved into the Company s fabrication and manufacturing division for all
of the Company s endeavors. The team at Modular Water Systems, headed by OriginClear Chief Engineer Daniel M. Early, is responsible
for design and high-level engineering, and is fully integrated with PWT for the fabrication and manufacturing division to add incremental
revenue for its modular product line, without requiring large increases in personnel. 

Supplier Relationship 

PWT has been purchasing equipment
from its many suppliers for over twenty years, with potential long-term benefits from the relationships. 

MWS is positioned to take
advantage of PWT s supplier relationships, but certain components are unique to MWS s product line. In particular, SRTP pipe
is unique, for which the Company has four manufacturers, with the preferred SRTP supplier being approximately 40 miles south of PWT s
facility. 

Water On Demand 

In addition to our MWS and
PWT lines of business, we also plan to expand our planned water outsourcing program known as Design Build Own and Operate 
or DBOO through the launch of our Water on Demand business, which will largely be financed through our subsidiary, Water
on Demand, Inc.. Typically, DBOO has been done for very large municipal and national projects. If we are successful in raising the necessary
capital, we plan to deliver DBOO for smaller systems in the 250,000- 2,000,000 hardware range (treating between 5,000 and 100,000 gallons
per day). With a growing number of local businesses doing their own water treatment, we see this as a promising and underserved market. 

CUSTOMERS AND MARKETS 

Current
water and wastewater treatment infrastructure faces a crisis. The prohibitive cost of repairing buried and aging infrastructure and the
need to decrease energy use and waste in the water industry offers an opportunity for a complete design rethink. New technologies, often
utilizing membranes, can decentralize water and wastewater infrastructure while improving water reuse by treating to a high standard at
a small scale close to the source of generation. Additionally, new automated analytics offer solutions for these more complex decentralized
solutions. (Lux Research: The Future of Decentralized Water, June 28, 2016). PWT has designed and fabricated water treatment systems for
over twenty years. Major markets include: 

Potable Water for Small Communities 

Recirculated and Makeup Boiler and Cooling Tower Water 

Produced Water Frac Flowback Water 

Food and Beverage Feed and Effluent Waters 

Mining Effluent 

Ground Water Recovery 

Agriculture Effluent 

Environmental Water Treatment for Reuse 

Describing
the water and wastewater treatment market as a pyramid, we put the major cities at the top of the pyramid, medium size cities in the middle
and smaller towns, counties, cities, townships, state agencies, federal agencies, private individuals, commercial entities, industrial
facilities, agriculture facilities at the base of the pyramid. 

12 

We
believe there are more opportunities at the base of the pyramid where the market opportunities are decentralized. Focusing on this market
also helps us avoid the very competitive, low-profit and slow-growing market in the big city municipalities. 

The
decentralized packaged/containerized water and wastewater treatment systems market, covering end users segments such as municipal, industrial,
and commercial. The study forecasts the global market revenue to increase from 3.99 billion in 2016 to 6.08 billion in 2023, growing
at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.2 . 1 

This
is the market for MWS-engineered products and infrastructure solutions. As civil infrastructure ages and fails and as the costs for new
and replacement infrastructure increase year over year, we believe engineers and end-users will search for new ways and methods of deploying
water and wastewater systems that are less expensive to deliver and much less expensive to own and operate with the mission intent of
substantially increasing the replacement intervals currently experienced by conventional materials of construction and conventional product
delivery models. 

Sales and Marketing 

PWT s
sales strategy differs from MWS s efforts. PWT sales are dependent upon relationships with past end-use customers and certain manufacturers 
representatives who have relationships with their regional end use customers. MWS s sales strategy is based on developing relationships
with consulting engineers and general contractors as opposed to end-use customers. 

As
MWS sales strategies develop, PWT believes it will gain recognition with various consulting engineers and general contractors. PWT and
MWS are currently developing a stronger national representatives network to take advantage of the relationship the sales representatives
have gained with engineers, contractors and end use customers. 

PWT
and MWS have substantial experience in the water wastewater market and as well as: conventional technologies and their limitations,
new technologies, the size and demand of the market and how products are specified and implemented. They also have a strong customer focus
throughout the organization to discover and diagnose the customer needs, design and deliver comprehensive solutions. 

We
believe the keys to capitalizing on the market are visibility, relationships, market understanding, and direct access to the opportunities.
Strong marketing programs are also essential, and include: websites with solutions credibility, sales support tools like literature 
webinars and trade show presence. 

Water
industry projects move slowly. Most product lines for each of PWT and MWS are considered pipeline products and have a gestational
period of 6 months to 3 years. We believe the best strategy to increase the pipeline of opportunities is to have more sales reps with
relationships with engineers, contractors and end users. 

Competition 

PWT
shares the market with a large number of suppliers which also provide system integration using multiple technologies. These include California s
PureAqua, Florida s Harn RO, and Illinois Membrane Specialists. We believe PWT s market share differs from those competitors
in areas such as regional focus, customer loyalty, market focus, limited sales representation and other. For instance, 80 + of PureAqua s
business in the Middle East, Harn RO focuses on drinking water systems for medium to large cities in the SE, Membrane Specialist focuses
on tubular membranes and many more examples. 

The
Company is not aware of any direct competitors to MWS that are building complete water, wastewater treatment systems, and pump stations
utilizing SRTP type materials. There are several manufacturers which build metal prepackaged systems, such as Georgia s AdEdge;
however, such companies do not offer the range of hybrid treatment processes available through MWS. The major indirect competition continues
to be custom designed and on-site constructed concrete steel systems. Some fiberglass is used but is very difficult to detail, is
brittle and again, has a limited life compared to SRTP systems. 

While
manufacturers of SRTP pipe could be competitors, none of MWS s suppliers, other than Contech, for a short period of time, has sold,
or intends to sell, comparable systems to MWS s. Their focus is simply to sell miles of pipe. 

1 Global Decentralized Packaged/Containerized
Water and Wastewater Treatment Systems Market, Forecast to 2023, https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4948731/global-decentralized-packaged-containerized-water-and-wastewater-treatment-systems-market-forecast-to-2023.html. 

13 

Growth Opportunities 

National Sales Rep
Network 

In
the first quarter of 2019, the Company worked to help PWT and MWS identify seasoned sales representatives across the country through recommendations
from those with deep industry knowledge. Those particular representatives were contacted and meetings set to discuss the mutual opportunity.
On February 5, 2019, the Company reported on initial positive results. 

By
early June of 2019, seven additional organizations had signed agreements. These additional organizations cover twenty-two additional states
with about thirty new representatives. Training has been completed and new potential projects have been presented to PWT and MWS. 

Additional
sales managers, engineers and project managers will be needed for both PWT and MWS with additional production facilities necessary for
PWT. The process of hiring additional personnel and obtaining additional facilities is underway. 

Domestic versus International 

The
market opportunity for each of PWT and MWS is not limited to the United States. The US only represents 5 of the world s population.
In addition, a great deal of that population resides in undeveloped regions or regions with poor treatment systems. We believe implementing
MWS s and PWT s decentralized technology throughout the world with joint ventures has the potential to have a significant
effect on our revenue growth. 

Standardization 

MWS
is developing standardized designs and commoditized product engineering (eliminating the custom consulting engineering work reduces overall
project costs), the goal being to design a single product once and use said design as a blueprint for future products. Our goal is to
continue driving the standardization and completion of each product s engineer technical package, using computer design algorithms
and standard design approaches, so that engineering costs may potentially decrease to less than 1 for each unit sold, with a long-term
goal of less than 0.1 . 

Sharing Technology
 Projects 

PWT s
systems remove suspended solids, oils, metals, and dissolved chemicals salts. MWS s focus is on the removal of organic contaminants.
It is not uncommon for a waste stream of water to be contaminated with both inorganics and organics, for example, many current animal
farms with large amounts of waste effluent that currently is pumped to lagoons that are no longer meeting environmental standards. In
the alternative, the water can be treated in-line with MWS products to remove the organics, then PWT s systems used to remove dissolved
inorganics to create water suitable for irrigation or drinking water for the animals. In addition, OriginClear s proprietary technologies
have been shown to successfully treat problems such as animal farm effluents. 

By
combining these technologies, the offering to customers becomes stronger and more effective. And both companies benefit from a new opportunity. 

More Specific Opportunities
for PWT 

We
are interested in exploring the following opportunities, but we have no timeline for their implementation: 

Build and promote a fleet of rental treatment systems mounted on trailers or containers. It is very common for a rental to be purchased outright. As a result, PWT s rental fleet must be continuously replenished. 

Develop a standard digital product line through 3-D CAD programs and market it as virtual inventory, with components on hand and engineering already done. 

Expand production capabilities with new equipment that would lower the labor cost of production. For instance, acquire tooling that would minimize the hand tool labor. 

Develop more services business such as membrane cleaning or resin regeneration. 

More Specific Opportunities
for MWS 

MWS
has developed a grey/black water treatment system for forward operating basis called Expeditionary Wastewater Recycling Systems (EWRS):
Patent pending, US Army Human Health Command approved, fully automated, certified wastewater recycling solution which can be sold to all
DOD divisions, FEMA and NGOs. 

Another
new product still being incubated is building manholes utilizing SRTP versus the current precast concrete approach. 

14 

Organization 

MWS has historically been integrated with PWT however,
on April 14, 2023, the Company sold certain assets related to its Modular Water Service business to its wholly owned subsidiary Water
on Demand, Inc. in exchange for 6,000,000 shares of Water on Demand, Inc. common shares. The assets included certain licenses, intellectual
property and contracts. 

The Company supports PWT and
WODI including MWS with various administrative, accounting and marketing functions, from the Company s headquarters in Florida.
MWS personnel are primarily located in Virginia remote locations. 

Facilities and Equipment 

Manufacturing 

PWT
currently leases its facility. The facility is located at 2535 E. University Drive, McKinney, Texas 75069. There are five buildings totaling
12,400 square feet on the 1.7 acres of land. There is additional expansion space for several more assembly buildings when and if needed. 

PWT s
in-house engineers and designers utilize modern 3-D CAD programs to design all of the systems sold by PWT. They also design, program and
build all of the control systems and the Internet-connected Process Logic Control (PLC) video screen interfaces. 

PWT
in-house craftsmen complete the metal and plastic machining, welding and assembly of PWT s and MWS s systems. 

MWS
engineering resources are provided both internally and externally. Daniel Early leads the engineering program and relies on support from
engineering personnel and PWT to assist with manufacturing and engineering. MWS subcontracts engineering support to PWT, which employs
its own established and experienced engineering team. MWS also subcontracts 2D and 3D engineering design work to outside vendors to assist
in the development of standardized drawings and proposals. 

MWS s
specialized manufacturing is currently outsourced to PWT and others. PWT provides substantial critical manufacturing support to MWS; this
support takes the form of various sub assembly fabrication (membrane modules, equipment skids, MWS equipment buildings, etc.). PWT is
the sole source provider for MWS s integrated control panels. In addition to PWT, heavy plastic and or custom plastic manufacturing
is provided by a company in Roanoke, Virginia and another in Ontario, Canada. Additional sub-contract manufacturing is available through
fabricators in Hopkins, MO, Corsicana, TX, and Vernon Hills, IL. 

The
Company plans to transition the plastic fabrication of MWS s pump stations and wastewater treatment systems to PWT from current
subcontractors. There is no timeline for this, as it will require an additional 2,400 to 3,000 square foot building for assembly, engineers
and project managers. 

The
components such as pumps, membranes and instruments will be acquired either through PWT s or MWS s normal vendors. The large
diameter SRTP pipe will be acquired from a fabricator located about 40 miles south of Dallas. 

The
building blocks of all systems are metal reinforced or structural profile wall reinforced thermoplastics pipe (SRTP) available from one
of over a half dozen pipe suppliers. Being pipes they are manufactured to be sold into high volume applications and are very economical
for MWS s high value applications. MWS purchases these plastic cylinders up to 11 in diameter and are utilized as the vessel
or housing part of the water treatment systems. 

More
efficient fabrication and assembly equipment are available at relatively little cost to expedite the fabrication time and improve the
quality. Some of that equipment includes CNC waterjet, large diameter core drills, fusion welders and roto molders. 

Acquisitions 

The
Company s strategy is to grow incrementally by focusing on the water treatment services market, acquiring the hands-on service suppliers
in this market. It intends to continue to develop a network of wholly owned water treatment companies to meet the needs of end users from
all industries with a full range of treatment technologies. Due to increased regulation, water treatment recycling challenges and a need
to focus on their own core business, many water users today are outsourcing their water treatment needs to outside experts. In addition,
we have identified a major trend in decentralization of water treatment, which we believe will cause small water service companies to
grow. There will be significant synergies within OTG as technology, manufacturing expertise, market knowledge, projects and opportunities
are shared. The target acquisitions must be accretive in nature with solid sales growth and profitability. The acquired companies must
have a solid management team to accelerate their previous growth with excellent customer service. Initially, the acquisition focus is
in the U.S. but will be expanded internationally in a few years. 

The
Company believes that the policy of building business units from internal cash flow can be productive. It did so with the Daniel Early/MWS
project and is now beginning the process again with Water On Demand and potentially in the future, the H2O blockchain system. 

15 

Intellectual Property 

Status of Original
Inventions: 

Early
developments of the Company s intellectual property focused on algae harvesting. Beginning in 2015, the Company applied this knowledge
to water treatment and began development of EWS. 

In
2018, OriginClear reorganized its intellectual property portfolio to focus exclusively on its electrochemical water treatment solution
with advanced oxidation (EWS plus AOx). 

The
Company has chosen to protect certain intellectual property with trade secrets rather than patents. Accordingly, OriginClear no longer
actively maintains the patent applications and patents to its EWS and AOx technologies, willingly deeding them to the water industry as
an open resource. The Company intends to reserve to itself and its partners the protected communication of further discoveries and trade
secrets relative to the EWS and AOx technology domains. 

At
this time, the Company is not actively pursuing the development of the EWS or AOx technologies. 

Patents: 

On May 10, 2021, OriginClear announced that it filed System And Method For Water Treatment Incentive , a patent application for using blockchain technology and non-fungible tokens (NFT) to simplify the distribution of payments on outsourced water treatment and purification services billed on a pay-per-gallon basis ahead of inflation. The application status is provisional. 

Trademarks: 

On April 2, 2015, we filed a trademark application with the USPTO to protect the intellectual property rights for our wordmark OriginClear . On August 16, 2016, the wordmark was registered with Registration Number 5023444. The registration is current. 

On April 8, 2015, we filed a trademark application with the USPTO to protect the intellectual property rights for our current company logo OriginClear with the stylized O . On August 16, 2016, the mark was registered with Registration Number 5027992. The registration is current. 

On January 17, 2021, we filed a trademark application with the USPTO to protect the intellectual property rights for Waterpreneur . The current filing basis is Use in commerce (under Trademark Act Section 1(a)). Worldwide registration is in process of completion. 

On May 16, 2021, we filed a trademark application with the USPTO for the mark H2O . The current filing basis is Intent-to-use basis (under Trademark Act Section 1(b)). Worldwide registration is in process of completion. 

Licensed Patents: 

On
June 25, 2018, Daniel Early granted the Company a worldwide, exclusive non-transferable license to intellectual property consisting of
five issued US patents, and design software, CAD, marketing, design and specification documents. See Products, Technology and Services Patents . 

Employees 

As of April 17, 2023, we had
35 employees, all of whom are full-time. 

16 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks Relating to Our
Business 

We have not been profitable. 

We
were formed in June 2007 and are currently developing Water On Demand, a new business model to respond to identified market demand. Since
we have not been profitable, there are substantial risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties that we are subject to. To address
these risks and uncertainties, we must do among the following: 

Successfully execute our business strategy; 

Respond to competitive developments; and 

Attract, integrate, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

There
can be no assurance we will operate profitably or that we will have adequate working capital to meet our obligations as they become due.
Investors must consider the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early stage companies, particularly in rapidly evolving markets.
We cannot be certain that our business strategy will be successful or that we will successfully address these risks. In the event that
we do not successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. 

We have a history of losses and can
provide no assurance of our future operating results. 

We
have experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since inception and we expect such losses and negative cash
flows to continue in the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had working capital (deficit) of (14,245,179) and
 (12,826,008), respectively, and shareholders (deficit) of (26,016,787) and (22,321,917), respectively. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net loss of (10,790,721) and (2,117,781), respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had
a loss from operations of 6,582,722. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate accumulated deficit of 108,966,645. We may never achieve
profitability. The opinion of our independent registered public accountants on our audited financial statements as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2022 contains an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions and future sales. 

We will need significant additional
capital, which we may be unable to obtain. 

Revenues
generated from our operations are not presently sufficient to sustain our operations. Therefore, we will need to raise additional capital
to continue our operations. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if available,
will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. We may be required to pursue sources of additional capital through various means,
including debt or equity financings. Future financings through equity investments are likely to be dilutive to existing stockholders.
Also, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable for new investors. Newly issued securities
may include preferences, superior voting rights, the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, and the issuances of incentive
awards under equity employee incentive plans, which may have additional dilutive effects. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing
future capital and/or financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and
other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible
notes and warrants, which will adversely impact our financial condition. Our ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by such
factors as the capital markets and our history of losses, which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount
of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our
capital needs, even to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly, we may be required to cease operations. In addition, we have
outstanding convertible preferred stock that are convertible into common stock at variable conversion prices and in addition, in some
cases entitle certain prior investors to certain make-good shares. Our issuance of common stock upon conversion of such preferred stock
will result in further dilution to our stockholders. 

17 

We have incurred substantial indebtedness. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of 4,274,255. All such debt is payable
within the following thirty-six months and is convertible at a significant discount to our market price of stock. Our level of indebtedness
and insufficient cash on hand increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal
of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of the indebtedness. Our indebtedness, combined with other financial obligations and contractual
commitments, could: 

in the case of convertible debt that is converted into equity, result in a reduction in the overall percentage holdings of our stockholders, put downward pressure on the market price of our common stock, result in adjustments to conversion and exercise prices of outstanding notes and warrants and obligate us to issue additional shares of common stock to certain of our stockholders; 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the indebtedness and any failure to comply with the obligations under any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants, could result in events of default under the loan agreements and instruments governing the indebtedness; 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development and other corporate purposes; 

increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have relatively less indebtedness; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in business and the industry in which we operate; and 

limit our ability to borrow additional funds, or to dispose of assets to raise funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development and other corporate purposes. 

We
may incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. If we incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, the related
risks that we face could become more significant. Additionally, the terms of any future debt that we may incur may impose requirements
or restrictions that further affect our financial and operating flexibility or subject us to other events of default. 

Our revenues are
dependent upon acceptance of our technology and products by the market; the failure of which would cause us to curtail or cease operations. 

We
believe that most of our future revenues will come from the sale or license of our technology and systems. As a result, we will continue
to incur substantial operating losses until such time as we are able to generate revenues from the sale or license of our technology and
systems. There can be no assurance that businesses and prospective customers will adopt our technology and systems, or that businesses
and prospective customers will agree to pay for or license our technology and systems. In the event that we are not able to develop a
customer base that purchases or licenses our technology and systems, or if we are unable to charge the necessary prices or license fees,
our financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 

We will need to
increase the size of our organization and may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

We
are a small company with a minimal number of employees. We expect to experience a period of significant expansion in headcount, facilities,
infrastructure and overhead and anticipate that further expansion will be required to address potential growth and market opportunities.
Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain
and integrate managers. Our future financial performance and our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to
manage any future growth effectively. 

18 

We may not be able
to successfully license our technology and commercialize our products which would result in continued losses and may require us to curtail
or cease operations. 

We
are currently developing our new business model, Water On Demand. We are unable to project when we will achieve profitability, if at all.
We cannot assure that our executive resources will be able to develop our systems fast enough to meet market requirements. We can also
not assure that our systems will gain market acceptance and that we will be able to successfully commercialize the business model. The
failure to successfully develop and commercialize the business model would result in continued losses and may require us to curtail or
cease operations. 

If a competitor
were to achieve a business breakthrough, our operations and business could be negatively impacted. 

There
currently exist a number of businesses that are in the business of delivering turnkey water-as-a-service systems. Should
a competitor achieve a breakthrough, we may have difficulty attracting sales. Furthermore, competitors may have access to larger resources
(capital or otherwise) that provide them with an advantage in the marketplace, which could result in a negative impact on our business. 

In
addition, because we are the master licensee of only five issued patents, we may not be able to preclude development of even directly
competing technologies using the same methods, materials and procedures as we use to achieve our results. Any of these competitive forces
may inhibit or materially adversely affect our ability to attract customer licensees, or to obtain royalties or other fees from our customer
licensees. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operation and financial condition. 

Our long-term success
depends on developing a novel outsourcing model, and we face the risks inherent in a performance-based business model. 

While
our engineering and technology divisions are profitable, we are developing a new business in the Design-Build-Own-Operate sector, known
as Water On Demand. We may not be able to generate revenue through the financing and management of these systems, and our long-term success
depends on the performance and oversight of these systems. We expect that the amount of payments we may receive will be based upon the
performance of our operating partners, and so we will be dependent on the successful operations of these partners for a significant portion
of our revenues. We face risks inherent in such a delegated business model, many of which are outside of our control, including those
arising from our reliance on the management and operating capabilities of our operating partners and the cyclicality of supply and demand
for end-products produced using this business model. Should our managed contracts fail to achieve sufficient profitability in their operations,
our payments would be diminished and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, and any
such effects could be material. 

We rely on strategic
partners. 

We
rely on strategic partners to manage our planned outsourced systems. Should our strategic partners not regard us as significant to their
own businesses, they could reduce their commitment to us or terminate their relationship with us, pursue competing relationships or attempt
to develop or acquire processes that compete with ours. Any such action could materially adversely affect our business. 

A lack of government
subsidies may hinder the usefulness of our technology. 

We
assemble and sell complete engineered solutions, and products, using the expertise and knowhow of PWT and MWS. Subsidies of any of the
industries vary and may be reduced or eliminated, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Likewise, regulations may
become more onerous which also could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The industries
in which we operate may endure deflationary cycles, affecting our ability to sell and license our systems. 

It
is possible that industry sector collapses and other deflationary events may impact our business materially and adversely. 

19 

If we lose key
employees and consultants or are unable to attract or retain qualified personnel, our business could suffer. 

Our
success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, engineering and management personnel. We are highly
dependent on our management, including T. Riggs Eckelberry, who has been critical to the development of our technology and business. The
loss of the services of Mr. Eckelberry would have a material adverse effect on our operations. We do not have an employment agreement
with Mr. Eckelberry. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that he will remain associated with us. His efforts will be critical to us
as we continue to develop our technology and as we attempt to transition to a company with profitable commercialized products and services.
If we were to lose Mr. Eckelberry, or any other key employees or consultants, we may experience difficulties in competing effectively,
developing our technology and implementing our business strategies. 

Competition from
other companies in our market may affect the market for our technology. 

New
companies are constantly entering the market, thus increasing the competition. Larger foreign owned and domestic companies which have
been engaged in prefabricated or modular water systems or Design-Build-Own-Operate (DBOO) for substantially longer periods of time may
have access to greater financial and other resources. These companies may have greater success in the recruitment and retention of qualified
employees, as well as in conducting their own manufacturing and marketing operations, which may give them a competitive advantage. In
addition, actual or potential competitors may be strengthened through the acquisition of additional assets and interests. If we or our
customers are unable to compete effectively or adequately respond to competitive pressures, this may materially adversely affect our results
of operation and financial condition. 

An occurrence of
an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations. 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the current outbreak of a novel coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 to be a global pandemic. The COVID-19 outbreak led (and may continue to lead) to disruptions in the global economy, including extreme
volatility in the stock market and capital markets. 

The
occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations. A pandemic typically results
in social distancing, travel bans and quarantine, and this may limit access to our facilities, customers, management, support staff and
professional advisors. These factors, in turn, may not only impact our operations, financial condition and demand for our goods and services
but our overall ability to react timely to mitigate the impact of this event. Also, it may hamper our efforts to comply with our filing
obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Risks Related to Our
Intellectual Property 

If we fail to establish,
maintain and enforce intellectual property rights with respect to our technology, our financial condition, results of operations and business
could be negatively impacted. 

Our
ability to establish, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights with respect to the technology that we have acquired under master
license will be a significant factor in determining our future financial and operating performance. We seek to protect our intellectual
property rights by relying on a combination of trade secret and copyright laws, and the licensing of external patents. We also use confidentiality
and other provisions in our agreements that restrict access to and disclosure of our confidential know-how and trade secrets. 

Outside
of licensed patents, we seek to protect our technology and business model as trade secrets and technical know-how. However, trade secrets
and technical know-how are difficult to maintain and do not provide the same legal protections provided by patents. In particular, only
patents will allow us to prohibit others from using independently developed technology that is similar. If competitors develop knowledge
substantially equivalent or superior to our trade secrets and technical know-how, or gain access to our knowledge through other means
such as observation of our technology that embodies trade secrets at customer sites which we do not control, the value of our trade secrets
and technical know-how would be diminished. 

20 

While
we strive to maintain systems and procedures to protect the confidentiality and security of our trade secrets and technical know-how,
these systems and procedures may fail to provide an adequate degree of protection. For example, although we generally enter into agreements
with our employees, consultants, advisors, and strategic partners restricting the disclosure and use of trade secrets, technical know-how
and confidential information, we cannot provide any assurance that these agreements will be sufficient to prevent unauthorized use or
disclosure. In addition, some of the technology deployed at customer sites in the future, which we do not control, may be readily observable
by third parties who are not under contractual obligations of non-disclosure, which may limit or compromise our ability to continue to
protect such technology as a trade secret. 

Monitoring
and policing unauthorized use and disclosure of intellectual property is difficult. If we learned that a third party was in fact infringing
or otherwise violating our intellectual property, we may need to enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation. Litigation
relating to our intellectual property may not prove successful and might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management
attention. 

From
our customer licensees standpoint, the strength of the intellectual property under which we intend to grant licenses can be a critical
determinant of the value of these licenses. If we are unable to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property, it may become more
difficult for us to attract new customers. Any such development could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Although we have filed various patent applications for some of our original technologies, some have been abandoned
or transferred. In some cases we have opted to protect our intellectual property through a trade secrets policy. 

We protect our intellectual property through a combination of patents
and trade secrets. Trade secrets do not provide the same level of protection as patents and patents may not provide meaningful protection
or commercial advantage. In the US, patents only provide protection for a 20-year period starting from the filing date and the longer
a patent application takes to issue the less time there is to enforce it. Further, the claims under any patents that issue from our applications
may not be broad enough to prevent others from developing technologies that are similar or that achieve similar results. It is also possible
that the intellectual property rights of others will bar us from licensing our technology and bar us or our future licensees from exploiting
any patents that issue from our pending applications. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by
others exist in the fields in which we have developed and are developing our technology. These patents and patent applications might have
priority over our patent applications and could subject our patent applications to invalidation. Finally, in addition to those who may
claim priority, any patents that issue from our applications may also be challenged by our competitors on the basis that they are otherwise
invalid or unenforceable. 

We may face claims that we are violating
the intellectual property rights of others. 

We
may face claims, including from direct competitors, other water companies, scientists or research universities, asserting that our business
models, technology or the commercial use of such technology infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others.
We have not conducted infringement, freedom to operate or landscape analyses, and as a result we cannot be certain that our technologies
and processes do not violate the intellectual property rights of others. We expect that we may increasingly be subject to such claims
as we begin to earn revenues and our market profile grows. 

We
may also face infringement claims from the employees, consultants, agents and outside organizations we have engaged to develop our technology.
While we have sought to protect ourselves against such claims through contractual means, we cannot provide any assurance that such contractual
provisions are adequate, and any of these parties might claim full or partial ownership of the intellectual property in the technology
that they were engaged to develop. 

If
we were found to be infringing or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others, we could face significant costs to implement
work-around methods, and we cannot provide any assurance that any such work-around would be available or technically equivalent to our
current technology. In such cases, we might need to license a third party s intellectual property, although any required license
might not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to work around such infringement or obtain a license on acceptable
terms, we might face substantial monetary judgments against us or an injunction against continuing to license our technology, which might
cause us to cease operations. 

21 

In
addition, even if we are not infringing or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others, we could nonetheless incur
substantial costs in defending ourselves in suits brought against us for alleged infringement. Also, if any license agreements provide
that we will defend and indemnify our customer licensees for claims against them relating to any alleged infringement of the intellectual
property rights of third parties in connection with such customer licensees use of our technologies, we may incur substantial costs
defending and indemnifying any customer licensees to the extent they are subject to these types of claims. Such suits, even if without
merit, would likely require our management team to dedicate substantial time to addressing the issues presented. Any party bringing claims
might have greater resources than we do, which could potentially lead to us settling claims against which we might otherwise prevail on
the merits. 

Any
claims brought against us or any customer licensees alleging that we have violated the intellectual property of others could have negative
consequences for our financial condition, results of operations and business, each of which could be materially adversely affected as
a result. 

Risks Related to Our
Common Stock 

Our common stock
could be further diluted as the result of the issuance of additional shares of common stock, convertible securities, warrants or options. 

We
have issued common stock, convertible securities (such as convertible debentures, convertible preferred stock, and notes) and warrants
in order to raise money, some of which have anti-dilution and other similar protections. We have also issued incentive compensation for
our employees and directors. We have shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of certain of these securities and
may increase the shares reserved for these purposes in the future. Our issuance of additional common stock, convertible securities, options
and warrants could affect the rights of our stockholders, result in a reduction in the overall percentage holdings of our stockholders,
could put downward pressure on the market price of our common stock, could result in adjustments to conversion and exercise prices of
outstanding notes and warrants, and could obligate us to issue additional shares of common stock to certain of our stockholders. 

Our chief executive officer owns the
majority of the voting power of our shareholders. 

As
the holder of our outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, our chief executive officer, T. Riggs Eckelberry has 51 of the voting
power of the Company s shareholders. As a result, Mr. Eckelberry has the ability to control all matters submitted to shareholders,
and his interests may differ from those of other shareholders. 

We have created
various series of preferred stock and our articles of incorporation allow for our board to create additional new series of preferred stock
without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Our
Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors
has the authority to issue additional shares of our preferred stock without further stockholder approval. Our board of directors has created
various series of preferred stock and may create additional series in the future with various preferential rights over the common stock. 

Our issuance of
common stock upon conversion of outstanding preferred stock will result in dilution to our stockholders. 

We
have outstanding various series of preferred stock that are convertible into common stock, including varies series that are convertible
into common stock at variable conversion prices and which in some cases entitle certain prior investors to certain make-good shares (see
Note 3 to the financial statements included in this report). Our issuance of common stock upon conversion of outstanding preferred stock
will result in dilution to holders of our common stock, which may have a negative effect on the price of our common stock. 

22 

There is a limited
public market for our common stock. 

Our
common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange. Accordingly, investors may find it more difficult to buy and sell our
shares than if our common stock was traded on an exchange. Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink, it is an unorganized,
inter-dealer, over-the-counter market which provides significantly less liquidity than the NASDAQ Capital Market or other national securities
exchange. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our common stock. And our common stock may be less attractive
for margin loans, for investment by financial institutions, as consideration in future capital raising transactions or other purposes. 

The price of our
common stock is volatile, which may cause investment losses for our stockholders. 

The
market for our common stock is highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, quarterly variations
in operating and financial results, and general economic and market conditions. In addition, statements or changes in opinions, ratings,
or earnings estimates made by brokerage firms or industry analysts relating to our market or relating to us could result in an immediate
and adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. The highly volatile nature of our stock price may cause investment losses
for our shareholders. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against companies following periods of volatility
in the market price of their securities. If securities class action litigation is brought against us, such litigation could result in
substantial costs while diverting management s attention and resources. 

Shares eligible
for future sale may adversely affect the market. 

From
time to time, certain of our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage
transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant to Rule 144, non-affiliate stockholders may sell freely after six months subject
only to the current public information requirement. Affiliates may sell after six months subject to the Rule 144 volume, manner of sale
(for equity securities), and current public information and notice requirements. Any substantial sales of our common stock pursuant to
Rule 144 may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Our stock is subject
to the penny stock rules, which impose significant restrictions on broker-dealers and may affect the resale of our stock. 

Our
common stock has been subject to the provisions of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), commonly referred to as the penny stock rule. Section 15(g) sets forth certain requirements
for transactions in penny stocks and Rule 15g-9(d)(1) incorporates the definition of penny stock as that used in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange
Act. The SEC generally defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions. Rule 3a51-1 provides that any equity security is considered to be penny stock unless that security is: registered and traded
on a national securities exchange meeting specified criteria set by the SEC; issued by a registered investment company; excluded from
the definition on the basis of price (at least US 5.00 per share) or the registrant s net tangible assets; or exempted from the
definition by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our common stock is considered to be a penny stock. 
The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. As our
common stock is considered to be penny stock, trading in our common stock is subject to additional sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers who sell penny stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. This may reduce the liquidity
and trading volume of our shares. 

23 

Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell our
common shares. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which
may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

If we fail to maintain
effective internal controls over financial reporting, the price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting may have weaknesses and conditions that could require correction or remediation, the disclosure
of which may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal
controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely
affect our public disclosures regarding our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management s
assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal
controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions
that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure of management s assessment of our internal
controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

We are required
to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and if we fail to comply in a timely manner, our business
could be harmed, and our stock price could decline. 

Rules
adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require an annual assessment of internal controls over financial
reporting, and for certain issuers an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm.
The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal controls over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex,
and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant
expenses and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take
or how costly it will be to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year
and to remediate any deficiencies, if any, in our internal controls over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete
the assessment and remediation process on a timely basis. In addition, although attestation requirements by our independent registered
public accounting firm are not presently applicable to us, we could become subject to these requirements in the future, and we may encounter
problems or delays in completing the implementation of any resulting changes to internal controls over financial reporting. In the event
that our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer determine that our internal controls over financial reporting is not effective
as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict how regulators will react or how the market prices of our shares will be affected; however,
we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and share value may be negatively affected. 

We do not intend
to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We may not have sufficient funds to legally pay
dividends. Even if funds are legally available to pay dividends, we may nevertheless decide in our sole discretion not to pay dividends.
The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend
upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other
factors our board of directors may consider relevant. In addition, we have outstanding various series of preferred stock that are entitled
to dividends prior to payment of any dividends on our common stock. 

24 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

Our
principal corporate offices are located at 13575 58th Street North, Suite 200, Clearwater, FL 33760. Our Dallas based subsidiary, PWT,
rents an approximately 12,000 square foot facility located at 2535 E. University Drive, McKinney, TX 75069, with a current monthly rent
of 8,150. We believe these facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current business requirements. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

On March
12, 2021, OriginClear, Inc. Progressive Water Treatment, Inc. and T. Riggs Eckelberry, individually (collectively, the C6 Plaintiffs ),
and C6 Capital LLC C6 Capital agreed to settle the dispute between the parties relating to a merchant cash advance agreement
entered into on July 17, 2018. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement, (i) C6 has vacated the judgment obtained by C6
Capital against the C6 Plaintiffs; (ii) C6 has released any and all bank levies, liens, security interests, powers of attorney, and
other encumbrances its has against the C6 Plaintiffs; (iii) the C6 Plaintiffs have dismissed the plenary action commenced in the
Supreme Court for the State of New York in and for the County of Broome against C6 Capital with prejudice and; (iv) the sister-state
judgment C6 Capital obtained against the C6 Plaintiffs in California is currently in the process of being vacated by stipulation. Accordingly,
the C6 Plaintiffs no longer owe any further amounts to C6 Capital with respect to the settlement agreement. 

On February 12, 2019, Auctus
Fund, LLC Auctus filed a complaint against OriginClear in the United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts for numerous claims arising from two convertible promissory notes and accompanying securities purchase agreements. On March
13, 2019, Auctus and OriginClear entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual General Release, under which Auctus would be permitted
to convert 570,000 into OriginClear securities pursuant to the terms set forth in the convertible promissory notes. On February 2, 2021,
OriginClear filed a Motion to Set Aside the Settlement Agreement as Void under Section 29(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
 Act for Auctus violation of Section 15(a) of the Act. On February 21, 2023, the Court denied OriginClear s
Motion to Set Aside the Settlement Agreement. On March 8, 2023, OriginClear appealed the Court s decision to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

25 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock is quoted
on the OTC Markets Pink Open Market under the symbol OCLN . 

The market price of our common
stock, like that of other technology companies, is highly volatile and is subject to fluctuations in response to variations in operating
results, announcements of technological innovations or new products, or other events or factors. Our stock price may also be affected
by broader market trends unrelated to our performance. 

Holders 

As of April 17, 2023, we had
approximately 571 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held in the names
of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid any cash
dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend
to retain future earnings, if any, to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements of our business. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. In addition, we have outstanding
various series of preferred stock that are entitled to dividends prior to any payment of dividends on the common stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered
securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 other than those transactions previously reported to the SEC on our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read together with our financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. See Forward-Looking
Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. Actual results and the
timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC defines critical accounting policies as those that require application of management s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are
inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Not all of the accounting policies require management to make difficult, subjective
or complex judgments or estimates. However, the following policies could be deemed to be critical within the SEC definition. 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue when
services are performed, and at the time of shipment of products, provided that evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risk of loss
have passed to the customer, fees are fixed or determinable, and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured. 

Revenues and related costs
on construction contracts are recognized as the performance obligations for work are satisfied over time in accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, revenue and associated profit, will
be recognized as the customer obtains control of the goods and services promised in the contract (i.e., performance obligations). All
un-allocable indirect costs and corporate general and administrative costs are charged to the periods as incurred. However, in the event
a loss on a contract is foreseen, the Company will recognize the loss as it is determined. Revisions in cost and profit estimates
during the course of the contract are reflected in the accounting period in which the facts for the revisions become known. Provisions
for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined. Changes in job performance,
job conditions, and estimated profitability, including those arising from contract penalty provisions, and final contract settlements,
may result in revisions to costs and income, which are recognized in the period the revisions are determined. 

26 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
estimates include estimates used to review the Company s goodwill, impairments and estimations of long-lived assets, revenue recognition
on percentage of completion type contracts, allowances for uncollectible accounts, inventory valuation, valuations of non-cash capital
stock issuances and the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair value of financial instruments
requires disclosure of the fair value information, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, where it is practicable to estimate
that value. As of December 31, 2022, the amounts reported for cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate
the fair value because of their short maturities. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Management adopted a recently
issued accounting pronouncement during the year ended December 31, 2022, as disclosed in the Notes to the financial statements included
in this report. 

Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 10,376,573 
 4,143,744 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 8,881,276 
 3,574,060 
 
 Operating Expenses, Depreciation and Amortization 
 8,078,019 
 6,615,136 

Loss from Operations before Other Income (Expense) 
 (6,582,722 
 (6,045,452 

Other Income (Expense) 
 (4,207,999 
 3,927,671 

Net Income (Loss) 
 (10,790,721 
 (2,117,781 

Revenue and Cost of Sales 

Revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 10,376,573 and 4,143,744, respectively. Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
was 8,881,276 and 3,574,060, respectively. Revenue increased primarily due to our subsidiary s increase in sales of its products. 

Operating Expenses 

Selling and Marketing Expenses 

Selling and Marketing S M expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 2,727,030 and 2,841,331, respectively. The
decrease in selling and marketing expenses was primarily due to a decrease in marketing and investor relations expense . 

27 

General Administrative Expenses 

General administrative G A expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 4,459,763 and 3,612,988, respectively. General and administrative expenses
increased primarily due to an increase in non-cash outside services expense. 

Depreciation Expense 

Depreciation expense for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 39,959 and 44,817, respectively. 

Other Income and Expenses 

Other income and (expenses)
decreased by 8,135,670 to (4,207,999) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3,927,671 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The decrease was predominantly the result of a decrease in non-cash accounts associated with the fair value of the derivatives in the
amount of 8,891,605, decrease in other income in the amount of 156,979, decrease in gain on write off of loans payable in the amount
of 77,233, decrease in unrealized gain on investment securities in the amount of 245,645, and settlement for non-conversion of common
stock in the amount of 13,500, offset by an increase in impairment of asset for sale in the amount of 2,000, decrease is loss on conversion
of preferred stock in the amount of 929,870, loss on exchange of preferred stock in the amount of 40,000, and decrease in interest expense
in the amount of 279,422. 

Net Income (Loss) 

Our net loss increased by
 8,672,940 to (10,790,721) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net loss of (2,117,781) for the year ended December 31,
2021. The majority of the increase in net loss was due primarily to an increase in other income and expenses associated with the net change
in derivative instruments estimated each period. These estimates are based on multiple inputs, including the market price of our
stock, interest rates, our stock price, volatility, variable conversion prices based on market prices defined in the respective agreements
and probabilities of certain outcomes based on managements estimates. These inputs are subject to significant changes from period
to period, therefore, the estimated fair value of the derivative liabilities will fluctuate from period to period, and the fluctuation
may be material. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of
a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing
basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts
payable and capital expenditures. 

The financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets and liabilities
and commitments in the normal course of business. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that
might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern. During the year ended December 31, 2022, total cash used in operations was
 4,648,365. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 14,245,179 and a shareholders deficit of 26,016,787.
These factors, among others raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our independent auditors, in their
report on our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. The ability of us to continue as a going concern and appropriateness of using the going concern basis is dependent
upon, among other things, additional cash infusion. We have obtained funds from investors in the year ended December 31, 2022, and have
standing purchase orders and open invoices with customers and we are pursuing various financing alternatives to fund the Company s
operations so it can continue as a going concern in the medium to long term. Management believes this funding will continue from our current
investors and new investors. There can be no assurance that such funding will be available to the Company in the amount required at any
time or, if available, that it can be obtained on terms satisfactory to the Company. Management believes the existing shareholders, the
prospective new investors and current and future revenue will provide the additional cash needed to meet our obligations as they become
due and will allow the development of our core business operations. 

28 

At December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, we had cash of 1,354,814 and 706,421, respectively, and working capital deficit of 14,245,179 and 12,826,008, respectively.
The increase in working capital deficit was due primarily to an increase in non-cash derivative liabilities. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we raised an aggregate of 5,067,777 in offerings of preferred stock and 1,347,500 in convertible secured promissory notes.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions and future revenue, however,
there cannot be any assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital from financings. 

Net cash used in operating
activities was (4,648,365) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to (4,843,130) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease
of 194,765 in cash used in operating activities was due primarily to a decrease in loss on conversion of debt and shares issued for services. 

Net cash flows (used in) investing activities for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were (1,158,904) and (18,000), respectively. The net increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due
to an increase in purchase of SPAC related Class B shares and notes payables. 

Net cash flows provided by
financing activities was 6,455,662 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 5,151,430 for the prior year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to proceeds from issuances of preferred stock and promissory
notes. 

We do not have any material
commitments for capital expenditures during the next twelve months. Although our proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt together
with revenue from operations are currently sufficient to fund our operating expenses in the near future, we will need to raise additional
funds in the future so that we can expand our operations. Therefore, our future operations are dependent on our ability to secure additional
financing. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities, or other financing
mechanisms. However, the trading price of our common stock and a downturn in the U.S. equity and debt markets could make it more difficult
to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible
that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect significant amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements
that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience
additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our
common stock. The inability to obtain additional capital may restrict our ability to grow and may reduce our ability to continue to conduct
business operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may have to curtail our marketing and development plans and possibly
cease our operations. 

We have estimated our current
average burn and believe that we have assets to ensure that we can function without liquidation for a limited time, due to our cash on
hand, growing revenue, and our ability to raise money from our investor base. Based on the aforesaid, we believe we have the ability to
continue our operations for the immediate future and will be able to realize assets and discharge liabilities in the normal course of
operations. However, there cannot be any assurance that any of the aforementioned assumptions will come to fruition and as such we may
only be able to function for a short time. 

Recent Trends 

Known trends, demands, commitments,
events, or uncertainties that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be necessarily indicative of future
operating results is set forth throughout this Report. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues, and results of
operations, liquidity or capital expenditures. 

29 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not required for smaller reporting
companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

All financial information
required by this Item is attached hereto at the end of this report beginning on page F-1 and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b)
and 15-d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. The term disclosure
controls and procedures , as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures
of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s
management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Based on that evaluation,
 our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of
the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required
time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible
for oversight of the registrant s financial reporting. 

30 

Management previously identified
control deficiencies regarding the lack of segregation of duties due to small staff size and the need for a stronger internal control
environment. The small size of the Company s staff may prevent adequate controls in the future, such as segregation of duties, due
to the cost/benefit of such remediation. The Company hired a Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Prasad Tare, in June 2021 and added additional
internal controls to help mitigate the above prior deficiency. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15f of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter
ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Limitations on Internal Controls 

In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and
procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating
the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

No Attestation Report by Independent Registered
Accountant 

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022 has not been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm by virtue of our exemption from such
requirement as a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLORES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

31 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND KEY EMPLOYEES 

The following table sets forth
the names and ages of the members of our board of directors and our executive officers and the positions held by each. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 T. Riggs Eckelberry 
 71 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Secretary, Treasurer, and President 

Prasad Tare 
 48 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Tom Marchesello 
 53 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Anthony Fidaleo 
 64 
 Director 

Jean-Louis Kindler 
 60 
 Director 

Byron Elton 
 68 
 Director 

T. Riggs Eckelberry - Chief Executive Officer,
Chairman of the Board of Directors, Secretary, Treasurer, and President 

Mr. Eckelberry has served
as our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, and President since our inception in June 2007. As co-founder, Mr. Eckelberry
brings his veteran technology management skills to the Blue Technology sector. As President and COO of CyberDefender Corporation
from 2005 to 2006, he was instrumental in building the company and its innovative product line, helping to achieve initial funding and
a NASDAQ IPO. From 2001 to mid-2005, he helped launch and turn around technology companies as founder and President of TechTransform,
a technology consulting firm. In 2004, he was a key member of the team that commercialized YellowPages.com, resulting in its sale for
 100 million to SBC/BellSouth. In 2003, he helped make Panda Software a key player in the US market as the General Manager of its US unit.
During the high-tech boom of the 1990s, he was responsible for the global brand success of the software product, CleanSweep; as Chief
Operating Officer of MicroHouse Technologies, he helped to achieve a successful sale of the company to Earthweb; and he was a key member
of the team that sale of venture-backed TriVida to what is now a division of ValueClick: (VCLK). During Mr. Eckelberry s early career
in the non-profit sector, he received a master s license for oceangoing vessels. As one of the founders of the Company and a veteran
executive, Mr. Eckelberry s experience and qualifications are essential to the board of directors. 

Prasad Tare Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Tare was named CFO in June 2021. Mr. Tare brings 15+ years of experience in public accounting, financial reporting, risk and internal
controls advisory services. His skillset includes company-wide risk assessments to improve focus to critical areas as well as more efficient
and effective audit activities. Mr. Tare started his career with PwC India, where he was part of the financial statements assurance
teams for various multi-national companies. In 2004, he moved to the United States where he has worked for top regional and national public
accounting and consulting firms. He also led external audit engagements for large public companies like Steve Madden, The United Retail
Group, and Double-Take Software. 

Tom Marchesello Chief Operating Officer 

Mr. Marchesello was named
COO in June 2019. For the five years prior to joining the Company, Mr. Marchesello operated as an executive-level Business Consultant,
specializing in environmental, social and governance (ESG) corporate strategy, operations, investor relations to private-equity
funded portfolio companies in high technology industrial manufacturing industries. Prior to that, he was Director of M A with
Bainbridge. Mr. Marchesello served in the U.S. Air Force as a Captain at Air Force Space Command headquarters, leading aerospace operations
and strategic planning for satellite communications, earth science monitoring and Geographic Information (GIS) and Positioning (GPS) Systems.
After leaving the service, Mr. Marchesello worked in finance and high technology operations for 20 years with such companies as Sony Electronics,
Thompson Reuters, Morgan Stanley, Bainbridge and CME Group. Mr. Marchesello holds a BS in Finance from Pennsylvania State University and
an MBA from San Diego State University and holds US Patent #7,613,634, for performing Electronic Retailing. He received two Air Force
Achievement Medals, two Air Force Commendation Medals and a Gulf War Service Medal. 

32 

Anthony Fidaleo Director 

Mr. Fidaleo has served as
our director since June 2012. Mr. Fidaleo has run his own accounting and consulting practice since 1992, primarily as an acting Chief
Financial Officer or Senior Consultant for publicly traded companies ranging from start-ups to Fortune 500 companies. From November 2005
to February 2009 Mr. Fidaleo was the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Member of the Board
of Directors and Operating Committee for iMedia International, Inc. an early stage publicly traded interactive content solutions company.
Mr. Fidaleo is a California CPA (inactive) and was in public accounting from 1982 through 1992, primarily with BDO Seidman, LLP where
he attained the level of audit senior manager. Mr. Fidaleo holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from California State University at Long
Beach. Mr. Fidaleo s accounting and financial experience qualifies him to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Jean-Louis Kindler Director 

Mr. JL Kindler
has served as our director since December 2013. As President of OriginClear Technologies, he led the commercialization of OriginClear s
breakthrough water treatment technology. Since 2019, he has been the CEO of Clean Energy Enterprises Inc., established to commercialize
the Blue Tower biomass-to-hydrogen system he helped develop two decades ago in Japan. Mr. Kindler is a veteran of 25 years as both a top
executive and engineer in environmental technologies. Before OriginClear, JL was co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of Ennesys, the
company s French joint venture, where he designed its patent-pending waste-to-energy system. Earlier, as founding CEO of MHS Equipment,
a French nanotechnologies equipment manufacturing firm (42 M , 360 employees in 2008), he led the development of a breakthrough fuel
cell process. And earlier still, his twenty-year career in Japan gave him unique insight into fast-growing Asian markets. There, as principal
of technology incubator Pacific Junction, JL completed various assignments. These included technology sourcing for the French industrial
group GEC-Altshom, building the first commercial unit of the Blue Tower (to which he has recently returned in its now-fourth generation),
and market development for a fluids mixing technology that helped inspire early OriginClear inventions. Mr. Kindler holds a Master s
in Economics and Public Policy from the Institute of Political Science in Lyon, France, and an MBA in International Management in Paris.
Mr. Kindler s executive and management experience, and past involvement in the company s technology and operations, qualifies
him to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Byron Elton Director 

Mr. Elton has served as our
director since January 2014. Mr. Elton is an experienced media and marketing executive with a proven record in pioneering new business
development strategies and building top-flight marketing organizations. Since June 2018, he has been President of Elton Enterprises, Inc.,
which is involved in the wellness, fitness and health sector. Elton is currently opening six StretchLab Studios in the Los Angeles and
Seattle markets (stretchlab.com). He is a co-founder since June 2017 of Pardue Associates, operating monsho, a brand-centric, creative
communications agency focused on delivering results. From 2013 to 2017, Mr. Elton was a partner of Clear Search, an executive search firm.
Prior to that, from 2009 until 2013, Mr. Elton served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Carbon Sciences, Inc. Carbon
Sciences (OTCBB: CABN) and has served as Chairman of Carbon Sciences since March 2009. Carbon Sciences is an early stage company
developing a technology to convert earth destroying carbon dioxide into a useful form that will not contribute to greenhouse gas. Mr.
Elton previously served as Senior Vice President of Sales for Univision Online from 2007 to 2008. Mr. Elton also served for eight years
as an executive at AOL Media Networks from 2000 to 2007, where his assignments included Regional Vice President of Sales for AOL and Senior
Vice President of E-Commerce for AOL Canada. His broadcast media experience includes leading the ABC affiliate in Santa Barbara, California
in 1995 to 2000 and the CBS affiliate in Monterrey, California, from 1998 to 1999, in addition to serving as President of the Alaskan
Television Network from 1995 to 1999. Mr. Elton studied Advertising and Marketing Communications at Brigham Young University. Mr. Elton s
executive and management experience qualifies him to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
among any of our directors and executive officers. 

33 

Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years,
none of our directors or executive officers has been: 

the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or any Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law; 

the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Election of Directors 

Our directors hold office
until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until a successor has been elected and qualified. 

Board Independence 

We currently have four directors
serving on our board of directors. We are not a listed issuer and, as such, are not subject to any director independence standards. Using
the definition of independent director, as defined by Section 5605(a)(2) of the rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market, Anthony
Fidaleo, Jean-Louis Kindler and Byron Elton would be considered independent directors. 

Board of Directors Meetings and Attendance 

The Board of Directors held
four meetings in 2022, as well as acted by unanimous written consent. All Board members were present at all of the meetings.
We have no formal policy regarding director attendance at the annual meeting of stockholders. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We have established an audit
committee and compensation committee however we have not yet nominated any members to such committees. To date, our entire board has performed
all of the duties and responsibilities which might be contemplated by a committee. 

34 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
business conduct and ethics that applies to all our directors, officers (including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and any person performing similar functions) and employees. Our Code of Ethics was filed previously with the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on May 21, 2021. We have made our Code of Ethics available on our website at https://www.originclear.com/investing#codeofethics. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Although we have not adopted
a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined, we have traditionally determined
that it is in our best interests and our shareholders to combine these roles. Mr. Eckelberry has served as our Chairman since our inception
in 2007. Due to the small size of the Company, we believe it is currently most effective to have the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
positions combined. Our board of directors receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others,
as considered appropriate regarding our company s assessment of risks. 

Our board of directors focuses
on the most significant risks facing us and our general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by us are consistent
with the Board s appetite for risk. While the Board oversees our risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk
management processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing us. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following table sets forth
the compensation to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Operating Officer for the years ended 2022 and 2021: 

Name and Principal 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

Position 
 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

T. Riggs Eckelberry, 
 
 2022 
 360,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,000 
 363,000 

Chairman of the Board, Secretary Treasurer, President and CEO 
 
 2021 
 360,000 
 32,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,000 
 395,500 

Prasad Tare, (1) 
 
 2022 
 180,000 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,000 
 193,000 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 
 98,864 
 15,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,250 
 115,114 

Tom Marchesello, 
 
 2022 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 150,000 

Chief Operating Officer 
 
 2021 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 150,000 

(1) 
 Mr. Tare was appointed Chief Financial Officer in June 2021. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 

There were no stock option
plans outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

35 

Employment Agreements 

We currently do not have an
employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Eckelberry, who is paid an annual salary of 360,000. Bonus payments, if any,
are determined by the Board of Directors. We currently do not have an employment agreement with our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Tare
who is paid an annual salary of 180,000. For the year ended 2022, our Chief Financial Officer received a bonus in the amount of 10,000.
We currently do not have an employment agreement with our Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Marchesello, who is paid an annual salary of 150,000. 

Employee Benefit Plans 

Beginning June 1, 2008, we
implemented a company health plan for our employees. 

Compensation of Directors 

Our current directors presently
do not receive monetary compensation for their service on the board of directors. Directors may receive compensation for their services
in the future and reimbursement for their expenses as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the board of directors. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 14, 2023, by (i) each director, (ii) each named
executive officer, (iii) all directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv) each person who beneficially owns more than five percent
of our common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. The percentage ownership of each beneficial
owner is based on 1,118,939,374 outstanding shares of common stock. Except as indicated, each person listed below has sole voting and
investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such person s name. 

Name and Title of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Shares 
 
 T. Riggs Eckelberry, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, President (2) 
 2,754,076 

Tom Marchesello, Chief Operating Officer 
 2,637,223 

Anthony Fidaleo, Director 
 168 

Byron Elton, Director 
 166 

Jean-Louis Kindler, Director 
 1 

Directors and executive officers as a group (5 persons) 
 5,391,636 

Ronald Von Soosten 
 101,673,335 
 9.1 

R. Ivan Anzulovich 
 69,177,389 
 6.2 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 The address of each director and named executive officer listed above is c/o OriginClear, Inc., 13575 58th Street North, Suite 200, Clearwater, FL 33760. 

(2) 
 Mr. Eckelberry also owns all 1,000 shares outstanding shares of our Series C preferred stock which entitles Mr. Eckelberry to 51 of the total voting power on all shareholder matters of the Company. The ownership of these shares is conditioned on the holder s continued position as CEO. 

36 

On March 15, 2017, the Company
filed a Certificate of Designation for its Series C preferred stock with the Secretary of State of Nevada (the Certificate of Designation designating 1,000 shares of its authorized preferred stock as Series C preferred stock. The shares of Series C preferred stock have a
par value of 0.0001 per share. The Series C preferred shares do not have a dividend rate or liquidation preference and are not convertible
into shares of common stock. 

For so long as any shares
of the Series C preferred stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have voting power
equal to 51 of the total vote (representing a super majority voting power) on all shareholder matters of the Company. Such vote shall
be determined by the holder(s) of a majority of the then issued and outstanding shares of Series C preferred stock. 

The shares of the Series C
preferred stock shall be automatically redeemed by the Company at their par value on the first to occur of the following triggering events:
(i) on the date that Mr. Eckelberry ceases, for any reason, to serve as officer, director or consultant of the Company, or (ii) on the
date that the Company s shares of common stock first trade on any national securities exchange provided that the listing rules of
any such exchange prohibit preferential voting rights of a class of securities of the Company, or listing on any such national securities
exchange is conditioned upon the elimination of the preferential voting rights of the Series C preferred stock set forth in the Certificate
of Designation. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

There were no stock option
incentive plans outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Except as set forth in Item
11 under Executive Compensation, and Note 8 under Loan Payable Related Party , since January 1, 2020
there has not been, nor is there any proposed transaction where we were or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will
exceed 120,000 and in which any director, executive officer, holder of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or any member
of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit Fees 

The following table shows
fees that were billed by our independent registered public accounting firm for professional services rendered in 2022 and 2021. Audit
fees represent fees for professional services performed by M K CPAS, PLLC M K for the audit of our financial statements
and the review of our quarterly financial statements, as well as services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings or engagements. We engaged M K as our independent registered public accounting firm on September 30, 2019. 

Fiscal Year 
 Audit Fees 
 Audit- 
Related Fees 
 Tax Fees 
 All Other Fees 
 
 2022 M K CPAS, PLLC 
 94,323 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2021 M K CPAS, PLLC 
 86,525 
 - 
 - 
 - 

37 

Audit-Related Fees 

We did not incur assurance
and audit-related fees during 2022 and 2021, to M K CPAS, as applicable, nor in connection with the audit of our financial statements
for the reviews of registration statements and issuance of related consents and assistance with SEC comment letters except for fees incurred
relating to Company s regulation A offering included in Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees 

We did not incur fees for
tax compliance, tax advice, or tax planning for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All Other Fees 

There were no fees billed
to us by M K CPAS, as applicable, for services rendered to us during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
other than the services described above under Audit Fees and Audit-Related Fees. 

As of the date of this filing,
our current policy is to not engage our independent registered public accounting firm to provide, among other things, bookkeeping services,
appraisal or valuation services, or international audit services. The policy provides that we engage our independent registered public
accounting firm to provide audit and other assurance services, such as review of SEC reports or filings, as set forth above. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

SEC Ref. No. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of OriginOil, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on June 1, 2007 (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Change of OriginOil, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on July 19, 2011 (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginOil, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on June 14, 2012 (3) 
 
 3.4 
 
 By-laws of OriginOil, Inc. (1) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Form of Certificate of Amendment of OriginOil, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on August 14, 2014 (4) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginOil, Inc. (5) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Series A Certificate of Designation of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 1, 2015 (6) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (6) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Series B Certificate of Designation of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 1, 2015 (6) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on March 29, 2016 (7) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on August 12, 2016 (8) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Series C Certificate of Designation of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on March 15, 2017 (9) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on March 30, 2017 (10) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on April 7, 2017 (11) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on June 30, 2017 (12) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on December 1, 2017 (13) 
 
 3.16 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on April 13, 2018 (17) 
 
 3.17 
 
 Series D Certificate of Designation of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on April 13, 2018 (17) 

38 

3.18 
 
 Series D-1 Certificate of Designation of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on April 13, 2018 (17) 
 
 3.19 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on August 13, 2018 (18) 
 
 3.20 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Powers, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions of the 0 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (19) 
 
 3.21 
 
 Certificate of Designation Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations and Relative Rights of its Series F Preferred Stock (19) 
 
 3.22 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series G Preferred Stock (20) 
 
 3.23 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series I Preferred Stock (21) 
 
 3.24 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series J Preferred Stock (21) 
 
 3.25 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on April 23, 2019 (29) 
 
 3.26 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of OriginClear, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada and effective October 25, 2019 (22) 
 
 3.27 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series K Preferred Stock (23) 
 
 3.28 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series L Preferred Stock (23) 
 
 3.29 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Series M Preferred Stock (24) 
 
 3.30 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series O Preferred Stock (25) 
 
 3.31 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series P Preferred Stock (25) 
 
 3.32 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series Q Preferred Stock (26) 
 
 3.33 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series R Preferred Stock (27) 
 
 3.34 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series S Preferred Stock (28) 
 
 3.35 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series T Preferred Stock (14) 
 
 3.36 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series U Preferred Stock (15) 
 
 3.37 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series V Preferred Stock (30) 
 
 3.38 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series W Preferred Stock (16) 
 
 3.39 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (29) 
 
 3.40 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series X Preferred Stock (31) 
 
 3.41 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series Y Preferred Stock (32) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal
Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 101 
 
 The following materials from OriginClear Inc. s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 are formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated
 Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statement of Shareholders 
 Equity/ (Deficit), (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow, and (iv) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements tagged as
 blocks of text. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on December 11, 2007. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2011. 

39 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2012. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 14, 2014. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2015. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2015. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 4, 2016. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2016 filed with the SEC on August 15, 2016. 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2017. 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2017. 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2017. 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2017. 
 
 (13) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 6, 2017. 
 
 (14) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021. 
 
 (15) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 2, 2021. 
 
 (16) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021. 
 
 (17) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2017 filed with the SEC on April 17, 2018. 
 
 (18) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2018 and filed with the SEC on August 14, 2018. 
 
 (19) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 20, 2018. 
 
 (20) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 22, 2019. 
 
 (21) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2019. 
 
 (22) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2019. 
 
 (23) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed with the SEC on August 19, 2019. 
 
 (24) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on July 6, 2020. 
 
 (25) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020. 
 
 (26) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 27, 2020. 
 
 (27) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2020 filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020. 
 
 (28) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2021. 
 
 (29) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2018 filed with the SEC on April 25, 2019. 
 
 (30) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2021. 
 
 (31) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021. 
 
 (32) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the Year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022. 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ORIGINCLEAR, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ T Riggs Eckelberry 

T Riggs Eckelberry 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Prasad Tare 

Prasad Tare 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ T Riggs Eckelberry 

T Riggs Eckelberry 

Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Prasad Tare 

Prasad Tare 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Anthony Fidaleo 

Anthony Fidaleo 

Director 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jean-Louis Kindler 

Jean-Louis Kindler 

Director 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Byron Elton 

Byron Elton 

Director 

41 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Deficit F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Audited F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of OriginClear, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of OriginClear, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
consolidated notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company suffered a net loss from operations and used cash in operations, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

As discussed in Note
3 and 4 to the financial statements, the Company had complex financing transactions due to the issuance of multiple series of preferred
stock during the year, attached dividends and warrants, and differing terms on each class of stock, resulting in multiple placements of
the different series throughout the balance sheet. 

Auditing management s
evaluation of these transactions can be complex due to the unusual nature of these transactions. 

To evaluate the appropriateness
of the instrument s classification, we examined and evaluated the agreement along with management s evaluation of the key
terms and management s disclosure of the transactions. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2019. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

ORIGINCLEAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Contracts receivable, net allowance of and , respectively 

Fair value investment in securities 

Contract assets 

Inventory assets 
 -

Prepaid expenses 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

OTHER ASSETS 

Long term assets held for sale 

SPAC Class B common shares purchase cost 
 
 -

Fair value investment-securities 

Trademark 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and other payable 

Accrued expenses 

Cumulative preferred stock dividends payable 

Contract liabilities 

Capital lease, current portion 
 -

Tax liability 83(b) 
 
 -

Customer deposit 

Warranty reserve 

Loan payable, merchant cash advance 

Loans payable, SBA 

Derivative liabilities 

Series F 8 Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, redeemable value of and respectively 

Series F 8 Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively redeemable value of and respectively 
 -

Series G 8 Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series I 8 Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series K 8 Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Convertible secured promissory note (Note 5) 
 
 -

Convertible promissory notes, net of discount of and , respectively 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Convertible promissory notes, net of discount of and , respectively 

Total Long Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (See Note 11) 

Series J Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares of issued and outstanding, respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series L Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares of issued and outstanding, respectively redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series M Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series O 8 Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series P Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series Q 12 Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series R 12 Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series S 12 Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series T 10 Convertible Preferred Stock, and , respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 
 -

Series U Convertible Preferred Stock, and , respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series V Convertible Preferred Stock, and , respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 
 -

Series W 12 Convertible Preferred Stock, and , respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series X Convertible Preferred Stock, and , respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series Y Convertible Preferred Stock, and , respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

Series Z Convertible Preferred Stock, and , respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 
 
 -

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value, 550,000,000 shares authorized

shares of Series A issued and outstanding, respectively 
 -
 
 -

shares of Series C issued and outstanding, respectively 
 -
 
 -

and shares of Series D-1 issued and outstanding, respectively 

and shares of Series E issued and outstanding, respectively 
 -

Subscription payable for purchase of equipment 

Preferred treasury stock, and shares outstanding, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized and equity shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital - Common stock 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

ORIGINCLEAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Sales 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of receivable from SPAC 
 
 -

Impairment of asset for sale 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Other income 

Gain on write off of loans payable 

Gain (Loss) on conversion of preferred stock 

Loss on exchange of preferred stock 
 -

Unrealized Gain (Loss) on investment securities 

Cash settlement for non-conversion of common stock 
 
 -

Gain (Loss) on net change in derivative liability and conversion of debt 

Interest and dividend expense 

TOTAL OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

WARRANTS DEEMED DIVIDENDS 
 -

NET (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS INCOME 

BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS 

DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS 

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING, 

BASIC 

DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

ORIGINCLEAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

YEAR
 ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Accumulated 

Preferred
 stock 
 Mezzanine 
 Common
 stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in- 
 Subscription 
 Other
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Equity 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 loss 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2020 

Common
 stock issuance for conversion of debt and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued at fair value for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series D1 Preferred stock 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series J Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series L Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for Series O Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series O Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series P Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for make good shares for Series P Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series Q Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series R Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series S Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in conjunction with the sale of Series X Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series U Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series W Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Series M Preferred stock through a private placement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Series R Preferred stock through a private placement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Series Y Preferred stock through a private placement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock for the exercise of Series R warrants purchased for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Series T Preferred stock in exchange for property 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Series U Preferred stock in exchange for property 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Series X Preferred stock through a private placement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series F Preferred Stock for Series Q Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series G Preferred Stock for Series R Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series G Preferred Stock for Series S Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series I Preferred Stock for Series R Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series I Preferred Stock for Series W Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series K Preferred Stock for Series R Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series K Preferred Stock for Series W Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series M Preferred Stock for Series R Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss
 on issuance of Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Loss
 on conversion of Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock warrants deemed dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Adjustment
 to Series L Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Adjustment
 to Series M Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

The accompany notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

ORIGINCLEAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

YEAR
 ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Preferred
 stock 
 Mezzanine 
 Common
 stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in- 
 Subscription 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Equity 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 loss 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

Common
 stock issuance for conversion of debt and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued at fair value for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series E Preferred stock 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series J Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series L Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series O Preferred stock 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series P Preferred stock 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series Q Preferred stock 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series R Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series T Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series U Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series W Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of Series Y Preferred stock 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for Series O Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for make good shares for Series P Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for make good shares for Series R Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock issued for conversion settlement 
 - 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock returned for non conversion 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Series A Preferred stock granted to Series Y investors 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Series C Preferred stock for supermajority voting rights 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Series Y Preferred stock through a private placement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Series Z Preferred stock through a private placement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series F Preferred Stock for Series Q Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series I Preferred Stock for Series W Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 of Series K Preferred Stock for Series W Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss
 on conversion of Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

The accompany notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

ORIGINCLEAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income (loss) 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock compensation expense 
 -

Gain on convertible note receivable 
 -

Common and preferred stock issued for services 

(Gain) Loss on net change in valuation of derivative liability 

Debt discount recognized as interest expense 

Net unrealized (gain)loss on fair value of securities 

Loss on exchange of preferred stock 
 -

Loss on issuance of preferred stock 
 -

SBA loan forgiven 
 -

Impairment of assets held for sale 

(Gain) Loss on conversion of preferred stock 

Gain on write off of payable 

Impairment of receivable from SPAC 
 
 -

Change in Assets (Increase) Decrease in: 

Contracts receivable 

Contract asset 

Inventory asset 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Other receivable 
 -

Change in Liabilities Increase (Decrease) in: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Tax liability 83(b) 
 
 -

Contract liabilities 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS USED FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of Class B Common Shares in SPAC 
 
 -

Purchase of SPAC notes payables 
 
 -

Purchase of fixed assets 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments on capital lease 

Repayment of loans, net 
 -

Repayment of loans, related party, net 
 -

Redemption of preferred stock 
 -

Net payments on cumulative preferred stock dividends payable 

Net proceeds from convertible notes 
 -

Payoff on convertible promissory notes 
 -

Proceeds for the purchase of warrants 
 -

Convertible secured promissory notes 
 
 -

Return of investment and common shares 
 
 -

Net proceeds for issuance of preferred stock for cash - mezzanine classification 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest and dividends paid 

Taxes paid 
 -
 
 -

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Common stock issued at fair value for conversion of debt, plus accrued interest, and other fees 

Issuance of Series T preferred shares in exchange for property 
 -

Issuance of Series O dividends 

Preferred stock converted to common stock - mezzanine 

Exchange from mezzanine to liability 

Issuance of warrants deemed dividends 
 -

Fair value of derivative at issuance 
 -

Common stock issued as settlement 
 
 -

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

ORIGINCLEAR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -
AUDITED 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the total issued and outstanding stock of Progressive Water Treatment, Inc. PWT ). PWT, which
is based in Dallas, Texas, is responsible for a significant percentage of the Company s revenue, specializing in engineered water
treatment solutions and custom treatment systems and is included in these consolidated financial statements as a wholly owned subsidiary. 

F- 8 

of the membership interests in the Sponsor. The Sponsor owns shares
out of shares of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock (the Class B Common Stock of Fortune
Rise Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware Corporation (the SPAC ). On December 29, 2022, the Company announced that its subsidiary,
Water On Demand, Inc. has closed the acquisition of Fortune Rise Sponsor, LLC, which is the sponsor of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corp. 

(the "Second Extension Payment") into
the Company's trust account for its public shareholders, representing per public share, which enables FRAC to extend the period
of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by an additional three months from February 5, 2023 to May 5, 2023 (the
"Second Extension"). 

and has standing purchase orders and open
invoices with customers, which will provide funds for operations. Management believes the existing shareholders, the prospective new investors
and future sales will provide the additional cash needed to meet the Company s obligations as they become due and will allow the
development of its core business operations. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that
it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain restrictions
on our operations, in the case of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in case of equity financing. 

F- 9 

. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant
credit risk in these accounts. 

F- 10 

Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding (Denominator) 

Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding (Denominator) 

Convertible debt shares 

Preferred shares 

December 31, 2021 

Warrant shares 

Convertible debt shares 

Preferred shares 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net contract receivable balance
was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 11 

and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

- years 
 
 Furniture, fixtures and computer equipment 
 - years 
 
 Vehicles 
 - years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 - years 

Computer Equipment 

Furniture 

Leasehold Improvements 

Vehicles 

Demo Units 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net Property and Equipment 

F- 12 

and , respectively. 

shares of Series T Preferred Stock to an accredited investor (the Purchaser per terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA ). Per the SPA, the Company agreed to sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser
agreed to purchase from the Company, shares of the Company s Series T, and two-year cashless warrants to acquire shares
of the Company s common stock, valued at per share per terms of the SPA, which may be exercised at any time in whole
or in part. The purchaser and the Company agreed that in lieu of the purchase price for the Series T, the Purchaser transferred to the
Company real property, with an aggregate value agreed to be based on an appraisal from an international independent company.
The real property consists of residential real estate in Buenos Aires Argentina valued at , and eight undeveloped lots valued
at in Terralta private neighborhood development. The real property exchanged for shares of Series T was recorded
at and reflected on the balance sheet as a long term asset for sale. 

to on
the balance sheet and recorded an impairment of in the consolidated financial statements . 

, which is below the previously adjusted value and is indicative of the current real estate
market conditions in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Based on that indicator of impairment, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
further adjusted the previous value of the long term asset for sale from to on the balance sheet and recorded an impairment
of in the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 13 

months of the balance sheet date. 

F- 14 

-
 
 -

Investment at fair value-securities, December 31, 2021 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Derivative Liability, December 31, 2021 
 
 -
 
 -

for convertible notes outstanding and for warrants outstanding for an aggregate of . 

Fair value of derivative liabilities issued 

Net loss on conversion of debt and change in derivative liabilities 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Net gain on conversion of debt and change in derivative liabilities 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 
 
 Stock volatility factor 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average expected option life 
 mos - yrs 
 mos - yrs 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

F- 15 

shares of Series C preferred stock, par value per share, to T. Riggs Eckelberry in exchange for
his continued employment with the Company. The holder of Series C preferred stock is not entitled to receive dividends, is not entitled
to any liquidation preference and shares of Series C preferred stock does not have any conversion rights. The Series C Preferred Stock
entitles the holder to of the total voting power of our stockholders. The purchase price of the Series C preferred stock was 
per share representing a total purchase price of for shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series C
preferred stock outstanding held by Mr. Eckelberry. 

shares of its authorized preferred stock as Series D-1 preferred stock. The shares of Series D-1 preferred stock are not entitled
to dividends and do not have a liquidation preference. Each share of Series D-1 preferred stock is convertible into of one share
of common stock. The Series D-1 preferred stock may not be converted to common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the
holder beneficially owning more than of our outstanding common stock, which amount may be increased to at the holders discretion
upon 61 days written notice. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series D-1 preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

F- 16 

shares of its authorized preferred stock as Series E preferred stock. The shares of Series E preferred stock are not entitled
to dividends and not have a liquidation preference. Each share of Series E preferred stock is convertible into shares of common
stock. The shares of Series E preferred stock do not carry any voting rights. The Series E preferred stock may not be converted to
common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of our outstanding common stock
which amount may be increased to at the holder s discretion. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon conversion of shares of Series
E preferred stock. The shares were issued and exchanged within the terms of the agreement and no gain or loss was recognized. As of December
31, 2022, there were no shares of Series E preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

shares as Series F preferred stock. The shares of Series F preferred stock have a liquidation preference equal to the stated value
of per share plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. The Series F preferred stock is not convertible into common stock. The holders
of outstanding shares of Series F preferred stock are entitled to quarterly dividends at the annual rate of of the stated value, in
preference to any dividends on the common stock. The shares of Series F preferred stock do not carry any voting rights. The Company may,
in its sole discretion, at any time while the Series F preferred stock is outstanding, redeem all or any portion of the outstanding Series
preferred stock at a price equal to the stated value, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. The Company was required to redeem all outstanding
shares of Series F preferred stock on September 1, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company exchanged shares of
Series F preferred stock for shares of Series Q preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had outstanding shares of Series F preferred stock, which the Company was required to, and failed to redeem on September 1,
2020, and remains in default for an aggregate redemption price (equal to the stated value) of . 

shares
as Series G preferred stock, each share having a stated value of per share and holders of Series G preferred stock are entitled
to cumulative dividends at the annual rate of of the stated value, payable quarterly. The Series G preferred stock does not have
voting rights, except as required by law and is not convertible into common stock. The Company may, in its sole discretion, at any time
while the Series G preferred stock is outstanding, redeem all or any portion of the outstanding Series G preferred stock at a price equal
to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. The Company was required to redeem such shares of Series G preferred stock
on April 30, 2021, at a price equal to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. Pursuant to certain subscription agreements
entered into with purchasers of the Series G preferred stock, each purchaser received shares of the Company s common stock equal
to an amount of, for each share of Series G preferred stock purchased, five hundred dollars divided by the closing price on the
date the Company receives the executed subscription documents and purchase price from such investor. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares
of Series G preferred stock issued and outstanding, which the Company was required to, and failed to redeem on April 30, 2021, for an
aggregate redemption price (equal to the stated value) of . 

shares
of Series I preferred stock issued and outstanding which the Company was required to, and failed to redeem by June 10, 2021, and was and
remains in default for an aggregate redemption price (equal to the stated value) of . 

F- 17 

shares
of preferred stock as Series J. The Series J has a stated value of per share and holders are entitled to receive dividends
on an as-converted basis with the Company s common stock. The Series J preferred stock is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Series J COD, which includes certain make-good shares for certain prior investors.
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares
of common stock upon conversion of shares of Series J preferred stock, for a loss in the amount of . As of December
31, 2022, there were shares of Series J preferred stock issued and outstanding . 

shares
of preferred stock as Series K. The Series K has a stated value of per share. Series K holders are entitled to cumulative
dividends at the annual rate of of the stated value, payable quarterly within 60 days from the end of each fiscal quarter. The
Series K is not entitled to any voting rights except as may be required by applicable law, and is not convertible into common stock. The
Company has the right to redeem the Series K at any time while the Series K are outstanding at a price equal to the stated value plus
any accrued but unpaid dividends. The Company is required to redeem the Series K two years following the date that is the later of the
(i) final closing of the tranche (as designated in the applicable subscription agreement) or (ii) the expiration date of the tranche that
such shares to be redeemed were a part of. The Company is required to redeem such shares of Series K between August 5, 2021 and April
24, 2022, at a price equal to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. The issuances of the shares were accounted for under
ASC 480-10-25-4, which requires liability treatment for certain mandatorily redeemable financial instruments, and the cumulative dividends
are recorded as interest expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company redeemed
an aggregate of shares of Series K preferred stock equal to the stated value of and exchanged an aggregate of shares
of Series K preferred stock for shares of Series W preferred stock. The shares were issued and exchanged within the terms
of the agreement and no gain or loss was recognized. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series K preferred stock
issued and outstanding which the Company was required to, and failed to redeem by April 24, 2022, and was and remains in default for an
aggregate redemption price (equal to the stated value) of . 

shares of preferred stock as Series L. The Series L has a stated value of per
share and holders are entitled to receive dividends on an as-converted basis with the Company s common stock. The Series L preferred
stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Series L COD, which
includes certain make-good shares for certain prior investors. During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon conversion of shares of Series
L preferred stock, for a loss in the amount of . As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series L preferred
stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of its preferred stock as Series M Preferred Stock. Each share of Series M Preferred Stock has a stated value of . The
Series M Preferred Stock is not convertible into common stock. The holders of outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock are entitled
to receive dividends, at the annual rate of , payable monthly, payable in preference and priority to any payment of any dividend on
the common stock. The Series M Preferred Stock is entitled to a liquidation preference in an amount equal to per share plus any declared
but unpaid dividends, before any payments to holders of common stock. The Series M Preferred Stock have no pre-emptive or subscription
rights, and there are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the Series M Preferred Stock. The Series M Preferred Stock does not have
voting rights, except as required by law and with respect to certain protective provisions set forth in the Certificate of Designation
of Series M Preferred Stock. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company may, in its sole discretion, at any time when there are
outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock, redeem any or all of the then outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock at a redemption
price of per share of the stated value) plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares
of Series M preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

F- 18 

shares
of preferred stock as Series O preferred stock. The Series O preferred stock has a stated value of per share, and entitles
holders to receive cumulative dividends (i) in cash at an annual rate of of the stated value, and (ii) in shares of common stock
of the Company (valued based on the conversion price as in effect on the last trading day of the applicable fiscal quarter) at an annual
rate of of the stated value, payable quarterly within 60 days from the end of such fiscal quarter. The Series O preferred stock
has a liquidation preference equal to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, in preference to the common stock. The Series
O preferred stock has no preemptive or subscription rights, and there is no sinking fund provision applicable to the Series O preferred
stock. The Series O preferred stock does not have voting rights except as required by law. The Series O preferred stock is convertible
into common stock of the Company in an amount determined by dividing of the stated value of the Series O preferred stock being
converted by the conversion price, provided that, the Series O may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would
result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding common stock (which may be increased
up to upon 61 days written notice). The conversion price is equal to the average closing sale price of the common stock
for the five trading days prior to the conversion date. The Company has the right (but no obligation) to redeem the Series O preferred
stock at any time while the Series O preferred stock are outstanding at a redemption price equal to the stated value plus any accrued
but unpaid dividends. The cumulative dividends are recorded as interest expense. During the year
ended December 31, 2022 , the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common
stock upon conversion of shares of Series O preferred stock and issued an aggregate of shares of common stock
in prorated annualized dividends which were recorded as interest expense. The shares were issued within the terms of the agreement
and no gain or loss was recognized. As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares
of Series O preferred stock issued and outstanding . 

shares
of preferred stock as Series P preferred stock. The Series P preferred stock has a stated value of per share, and entitles
holders to receive dividends on an as-converted basis with the Company s common stock. The Series P preferred stock is convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Series P preferred
stock, which includes certain make-good shares for certain prior investors, and provided that, the Series P preferred stock may not be
converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s
outstanding common stock (which may be increased up to upon 61 days written notice). The Series P preferred stock entitles
the holders to a payment on an as-converted and pari passu basis with the common stock upon any liquidation. The Series P preferred stock
has no preemptive or subscription rights, and there is no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the Series P preferred stock.
The Series P preferred stock votes on an as-converted basis with the common stock, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon conversion of 
shares of Series P preferred stock, for a loss in the amount of . As of December 31, 2022 ,
there were shares of Series P preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of preferred stock as Series Q Preferred Stock. The Series Q Preferred Stock has a stated value of per share, and
entitles holders to receive cumulative dividends in cash at an annual rate of of the stated value, payable quarterly within 60 days
from the end of such fiscal quarter. The Series Q Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to the stated value plus any accrued
but unpaid dividends, in preference to the common stock. The Series Q Preferred Stock has no preemptive or subscription rights, and there
is no sinking fund provision applicable to the Series Q Preferred Stock. The Series Q Preferred Stock does not have voting rights except
as required by law. The Series Q Preferred Stock is convertible into common stock of the Company in an amount determined by dividing 
of the stated value of the Series Q Preferred Stock being converted by the conversion price, provided that, the Series Q may not be converted
into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s
outstanding common stock (which may be increased up to upon 61 days written notice). The conversion price will be equal to
the average closing sale price of the common stock for the five trading days prior to the conversion date. The Company will have the right
(but no obligation) to redeem the Series Q Preferred Stock at any time while the Series Q Preferred Stock are outstanding at a redemption
price equal to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. The cumulative dividends are recorded as interest expense. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon conversion of 
shares of Series Q preferred stock and exchanged shares of Series F preferred stock for shares of Series Q
preferred stock. The shares were issued and exchanged within the terms of the agreement and no gain or loss was recognized. As of December
31, 2022 , there were shares of Series Q preferred stock issued and outstanding . 

F- 19 

shares of preferred stock as Series R. The Series R has a stated value of per share, and entitles holders to receive cumulative
dividends in cash at an annual rate of of the stated value, payable quarterly within 60 days from the end of such fiscal quarter.
The Series R holders are not entitled to any voting rights except as may be required by applicable law. The Series R is convertible into
common stock of the Company in an amount determined by dividing of the stated value of the Series R being converted by the conversion
price; certain prior investors will also be entitled to certain make-good shares; provided that, the Series R may not be converted into
common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding
common stock (which may be increased up to upon 61 days written notice). The conversion price will be equal to the average
closing sale price of the common stock for the five trading days prior to the conversion date. The Company will have the right (but no
obligation) to redeem the Series R at any time while the Series R are outstanding at a redemption price equal to, if paid in cash, the
stated value plus any accrued but unpaid cash dividends, or, if paid in shares of common stock, in an amount of shares determined by dividing
the stated value being redeemed by the conversion price. The subscribers were offered warrants with the purchase of Series R. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon conversion of shares
of Series R preferred stock. The shares were issued and exchanged within the terms of the agreement and no gain or loss was recognized.
As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares of Series R preferred stock issued
and outstanding . 

shares of preferred stock as Series S. The Series S has a stated value of per share, and entitles holders to receive cumulative
dividends in cash at an annual rate of of the stated value, payable quarterly within 60 days from the end of such fiscal quarter.
The Series S holders are not entitled to any voting rights except as may be required by applicable law. The Series S is convertible into
common stock of the Company in an amount determined by dividing of the stated value of the Series S being converted by the conversion
price, provided that, the Series S may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially
owning more than of the Company s outstanding common stock (which may be increased up to upon 61 days written
notice). The conversion price will be equal to the average closing sale price of the common stock for the five trading days prior to the
conversion date. The Company has the right (but no obligation) to redeem the Series S at any time while the Series S are outstanding at
a redemption price equal to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of
Series S preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of preferred stock as Series T. The Series T had a stated value of per
share, and entitled holders to receive cumulative dividends in cash at an annual rate of of the stated value, payable monthly.
The Series T holders are not entitled to any voting rights except as may be required by applicable law. The Series T is convertible into
common stock of the Company pursuant to the Series T COD, provided that, the Series T may not be converted into common stock to the extent
such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding common stock (which
may be increased up to upon 61 days written notice). The Company will have the right (but no obligation) to redeem the
Series T at any time while the Series T are outstanding at a redemption price equal to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends.
On March 1, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Series T Preferred Stock to an accredited investor (the Purchaser per terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA ). Per the SPA, the Company agreed to sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser
agreed to purchase from the Company, shares of the Company s Series T, and two-year cashless warrants to acquire shares
of the Company s common stock, valued at per share per terms of the SPA, which may be exercised at any time in whole
or in part. Per the SPA, the Series T, including any convertible shares acquired pursuant to exercise of the warrants, the Company shall
pay annual dividends in cash, paid monthly. Purchaser may convert any portion of the Series T, including convertible shares acquired
pursuant to exercise of the warrants, at any time into shares of the Company s common stock at an agreed upon conversion rate per
terms of the SPA. The purchaser and the Company agreed that in lieu of the purchase price for the Series T, the Purchaser transferred
to the Company real property, with an aggregate value agreed to be based on an appraisal from an international independent
company. The real property consists of residential real estate in Buenos Aires Argentina valued at , and eight undeveloped lots
valued at in Terralta private neighborhood development. The real property exchanged for shares of Series T
was recorded at and reflected on the balance sheet as a long term asset for sale. The fair value of the warrants associated
with acquiring preferred shares were valued at , using the Black Scholes model and accounted for as deemed
dividends and reflected in stockholder s equity as accumulated paid in capital. 

F- 20 

to on
the balance sheet and recorded an impairment of in the consolidated financial statements . 

shares of preferred stock as Series U. The Series U has a stated value of per share. The Series U holders are not entitled
to any dividends and do not have any voting rights except as may be required by applicable law. The Series U is convertible into common
stock of the Company in an amount determined by dividing of the stated value of the Series U being converted by the conversion price;
certain prior investors will also be entitled to certain make-good shares; provided that, the Series U may not be converted into common
stock to the extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding
common stock (which may be increased up to upon 61 days written notice). The conversion price will be equal to the lesser
of or the average closing sale price of the common stock for the five trading days prior to the conversion date. The Company has
the right (but no obligation) to redeem the Series U at any time at a redemption price equal to, if paid in cash, the stated value, or,
if paid in shares of common stock, in an amount of shares determined by dividing of the stated value being redeemed by the conversion
price then in effect, and adding any applicable make-good shares. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon conversion of shares of Series
U preferred stock. The shares were issued within the terms of the agreement and no gain or loss was recognized. As of December 31, 2022,
there were shares of Series U preferred stock issued and outstanding, along with Series B warrants (with
an exercise price of ), and Series C warrants (with an exercise price of issued and outstanding with a
fair value of on the original issuance. The warrants were valued using the Black Scholes model (See Note 4) . 

shares of preferred stock as Series V. The Series V has an original issue
price of per share, and holders are entitled to an annual distribution of of annual net profits of newly established
Company wholly-owned, Water On Demand subsidiaries, designated by each holder, paid within 3 months of subsidiary s accounting year-end.
The Series V holders are not entitled to any dividends and do not have any voting rights except as may be required by applicable
law. The Series V is convertible into common stock of the Company pursuant to the Series V COD, provided that, the Series V may not be
converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s
outstanding common stock (which may be increased up to upon 61 days written notice). The Company has the right (but
no obligation) to redeem the Series V at any time at a redemption price equal to, if paid in cash, the stated value plus any accrued but
unpaid distributions of of subsidiary s annual net profits. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company exchanged shares
of Series V preferred stock for shares of Series Y preferred stock, and exchanged an aggregate of warrants
associated with the Series V into Series Y. The shares were issued and exchanged within the terms of the agreement and no gain or loss
was recognized. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Series V preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

F- 21 

shares of preferred stock as Series W. The Series W has a stated value of per share, and Series W holders are entitled to
cumulative dividends in cash at an annual rate of of the stated value, payable quarterly. The Series W holders are not entitled to
any voting rights except as may be required by applicable law. The Series W is convertible into common stock of the Company in an amount
determined by dividing of the stated value of the Series W being converted by the conversion price; provided that, the Series W may
not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the
Company s outstanding common stock. The conversion price will be equal to the average closing sale price of the common stock for
the trading days prior to the conversion date. The Company has the right (but no obligation) to redeem the Series W at any time at
a redemption price equal to the stated value plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series W preferred stock in exchange for shares of Series K preferred
stock, issued shares of Series W preferred stock in exchange for shares of Series I preferred stock and issued
an aggregate of shares of common stock upon conversion of shares of Series W preferred stock. The shares
were issued within the terms of the agreement and no gain or loss was recognized. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares
of Series W preferred stock issued and outstanding . 

shares of preferred stock as Series X. The Series X has a stated value of per share. The Series X holders are not entitled
to any dividends and do not have any voting rights except as may be required by applicable law. The Series X is convertible into common
stock of the Company pursuant to the Series X COD, provided that, the Series X may not be converted into common stock to the extent such
conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding common stock (which amount
may be increased up to upon 61 days written notice). Beginning on the one year anniversary of the subscription agreement
for the Series X Preferred Stock, until the two year anniversary of the subscription agreement, the holders will have the right to require
the Company to redeem all of the Series X purchased by the subscriber at a price equal to of the original purchase price,
or . The holders also have the right, exercisable at any time, to require the Company to redeem all of the holder s Series
X in exchange for the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock in an amount equal to of the original purchase
price, or , divided by the closing price of the Company s common stock as of the date the holders executed the subscription
agreement . As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series X preferred stock
issued and outstanding . 

shares of preferred stock as Series Y. The Series Y has an original issue price of per share,
and holders are entitled to receive, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, annual distribution of up to of annual net profits of
newly established, wholly-owned, Water On Demand subsidiaries, designated by each holder, paid within 3 months of subsidiary s accounting
year-end. The Series Y holders are not entitled to any voting rights except as may be required by applicable law. The Series Y is convertible
into common stock of the Company pursuant to the Series Y COD, provided that, the Series Y may not be converted into common stock to the
extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding common stock
(which may be increased up to upon 61 days written notice). The Company has the right (but no obligation) to redeem
the Series Y at any time at a redemption price equal to, if paid in cash, the original issue price plus any accrued but unpaid distributions
of of the subsidiary s annual net profits. In addition, the Series Y holders are entitled to receive shares of Series A
preferred stock in the Company s subsidiary Water On Demand, Inc. Between January 20, 2022 and January 25, 2022, the Company issued shares
of Series Y preferred stock in exchange for shares of Series V preferred stock for an aggregate value of , and issued
an aggregate of warrants with a fair value of upon original issuance to the Series Y investors. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon conversion of shares of Series
Y preferred stock. Per the Series Y COD, of the aggregate received for Series Y during the year ended
December 31, 2022 was classified as restricted cash. As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares
of Series Y preferred stock along with warrants with a fair value of (with exercise prices between 
and issued and outstanding. The warrants were valued using the Black Scholes model (See Note 4). 

F- 22 

shares of preferred stock as Series Z. The Series Z has an original issue
price of per share. The Series Z holders are not entitled to dividends or any voting rights except as may be required by
applicable law. The Series Z is convertible into common stock of the Company pursuant to the Series Z COD, provided that, the Series Z
may not be converted into common stock to the extent such conversion would result in the holder beneficially owning more than 
of the Company s outstanding common stock (which amount may be increased up to upon 61 days written notice). The
Company has the right (but no obligation) to redeem the Series Z at any time at a redemption price equal to the original issue price plus
any accrued but unpaid distributions of of Subsidiary s annual net profits. On February 18, 2022, the Company issued and
sold to an accredited investor an aggregate of shares of Series Z preferred stock for a purchase price of
 and issued an aggregate of warrants with a fair value of (with an exercise price of to
Series Z holders. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series Z preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

for all series of preferred stock. 

shares of authorized
Preferred Stock at par value per share. 

shares are designated as Series A Preferred Stock and 
shares are designated as Series C Preferred Stock. 

shares of its authorized preferred stock as Series A preferred stock. The shares of Series A preferred stock are reserved for
issuance to the holders of the Series Y preferred shares in WODI s parent entity, Originclear, Inc. and shall be issued to the holders
of the Series Y shares at a ratio of : . The holders of Series A preferred shares shall not be entitled to dividends and shall not
be entitled to a vote until such time as the Series A preferred shares are converted to common shares. Each share of Series A preferred
stock shall be convertible, at any time at the conversion ratio of : , or such other rate as determined by the Board, provided, however
that at no time shall the total number of issued and outstanding Series A preferred shares, on a converted basis, be less than ten percent ( Dilution Floor of the total authorized shares of common stock (on a fully diluted basis) based upon an anticipated
sale of Series Y shares. The dilution floor shall be adjusted proportionately based upon the actual number of Series Y shares
sold. On November 7, 2022, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and effected a : reverse stock split
with respect to the Common Shares and the Series A Preferred Shares. 

shares of its Series A preferred stock, and was issued to certain holders of the Company s Series Y preferred
stock at par value of . After the reverse stock split, there were shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

F- 23 

worth of the shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares ),
par value per share. In accordance with the terms of the Financing Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement Registration
Agreement dated October 20, 2022 between the Company and GHS, the Company was required to register the Shares on Form S-1 with
the Securities and Exchange Commission as a condition precedent to GHS s obligation to close on the purchase of the Shares . On
December 27, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued a Notice of Effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed on Form
S-1 (File Number 333-268608) for OriginClear, Inc. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not avail any financing pertaining
to this agreement and did not issue any shares to GHS. 

shares of common stock for the settlement of convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal
amount of , plus interest in the amount of , for a total aggregate of based upon a conversion price of
 . 

shares of common stock for services at fair value of , at share prices ranging from -
 . 

shares of common stock for Series O preferred stock dividends payable. 

shares of common stock for settlement of conversion agreements at a fair value of . 

shares of common stock upon conversion of of preferred stock. 

shares of common
stock for the settlement of convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of , plus interest in the amount of ,
based upon a conversion price of . 

shares of common
stock for services at fair value of at share prices ranging from - . 

shares of common stock
for Series O preferred stock dividends payable. 

F- 24 

shares of common
stock upon conversion of shares of preferred stocks. 

shares of common stock
for make good shares for Series P preferred stock. 

shares of authorized
Common Stock at par value per share. 

post reverse split) restricted stock awards. 

post-reverse
split) shares of Common Stock to OCLN, which is the Parent Company for in cash. 

. 

: reverse stock split
with respect to the Common Shares pursuant to which common shares remain outstanding and held by OCLN as of December 31, 2022. 

The Company has not recognized any costs associated with the milestones, because achievement is not probable.
As the performance goals are achieved, the shares shall become eligible for vesting and issuance. 

F- 25 

The Company has not recognized any costs associated with the milestones, because achievement is not probable. As
the performance goals are achieved, the shares shall become eligible for vesting and issuance. 

of
stock sales that are allowed under the agreement is divided for the next year. If the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date the shares are vested is less than the fair market
value of the Company s common stock on the effective date of the RSGA or BEC RSGA, then the number of vested shares issuable (assuming
all conditions are satisfied) shall be increased so that the aggregate fair market value of vested shares issuable on the vesting date
equals the aggregate fair market value that such number of shares would have had on the effective date. Upon the occurrence of a Company
performance goal, the right to participate in the alternate vesting schedule will terminate, and the vesting of the remaining unvested
shares will be as set forth under the restricted stock award agreement. 

shares
relating to the RSGAs and an aggregate of shares relating to the BEC RSGAs. 

F- 26 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Expired 

Outstanding - end of year 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

, 

- 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 

- 

- 

. 

Less current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

2024 

2025 

and to pay off the promissory notes the SPAC owed to sellers, WODI raised capital
and issued convertible secured promissory notes in the amount of to investors at interest per annum. Per the terms and
conditions of the convertible promissory notes, all unpaid principal, together with any unpaid and accrued interest shall be due and payable
on the earlier of the twelve (12) month of the date of the Notes (the Maturity Date (provided, WODI shall have the option
to extend the Maturity Date for up to two (2) six-month extensions, or (ii) when, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an
Event of Default. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had convertible promissory notes in the amount of outstanding. 

F- 27 

In addition, for as long as the 2014-2015 Notes or other convertible notes in effect
between the purchaser and the Company are outstanding, if the Company issues any security with terms more favorable than the terms of
the 2014-2015 Notes or such other convertible notes or a term was not similarly provided to the purchaser of the 2014-2015 Notes or such
other convertible notes, then such more favorable or additional term shall, at the purchaser s option, become part of the 2014-2015
Notes and such other convertible notes. The conversion feature of the 2014-2015 Notes was considered a derivative in accordance with current
accounting guidelines because of the reset conversion features of the 2014-2015 Notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock, upon conversion of in principal, plus accrued interest of .
As of December 31, 2022, the 2014-2015 Notes had an aggregate remaining balance of , which is short term and 
are long term. 

, plus accrued interest of .
The OID Notes included an original issue discount and one-time interest, which has been fully amortized. The OID Notes matured on December
31, 2017, which were extended to June 30, 2023. The OID Notes were convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
price initially of . The conversion feature of the OID Notes was considered a derivative
in accordance with current accounting guidelines, because of the reset conversion features of the OID Notes. As of December 31, 2022,
the remaining balance on the OID Notes was , which is short term. 

per year. The conversion feature of the 2015 Notes was considered a derivative in accordance with
current accounting guidelines because of the reset conversion features of the 2015 Notes. As of December 31, 2022, the 2015 Notes had
an aggregate remaining balance of , of which is long term. 

, which could be
converted into shares of the Company s common stock after December 31, 2015. The Dec 2015 Note was accounted for under ASC 470,
whereby, a beneficial conversion feature was recorded at time of issuance. The Dec 2015 Note did not meet the criteria of a derivative,
and was accounted for as a beneficial conversion feature, which was amortized over the life of the Dec 2015 Note and recognized as interest
expense in the financial statements. On January 1, 2016, the Dec 2015 Note met the criteria of a derivative and was accounted for under
ASC 815. The Dec 2015 Note has zero stated interest rate, and the conversion price shall be equal to of the average three lowest
last sale prices traded during the 25 trading days immediately prior to conversion. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance on
the Dec 2015 Note was , which is short term. 

, which could be
converted into shares of the Company s common stock after September 15, 2016. The Sep 2016 Note was accounted for under ASC 470,
whereby, a beneficial conversion feature was recorded at time of issuance. The Sep 2016 Note met the criteria of a derivative and was
accounted for under ASC 815. The Sep 2016 Note has zero stated interest rate, and the conversion price shall be equal to of
the average three lowest last sale prices traded during the 25 trading days immediately prior to conversion. The Sep 2016 Note did not
meet the criteria of a derivative at the date of the issuance, and was accounted for as a beneficial conversion feature, which was amortized
over the life of the Sep 2016 Note and recognized as interest expense in the financial statements. The conversion feature of the Sep 2016
Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current accounting guidelines because of the reset conversion feature of the Sep 2016
Note. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance on the Sep 2016 Note was , which is short term. 

F- 28 

on
April 2, 2018 and May 31, 2018. The
conversion feature of the Apr May 2018 Notes was considered a derivative in accordance with current accounting guidelines because
of the reset conversion features of the Notes. On March 13, 2019, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the investor in
the amount of , based on the outstanding balance due and payable under the Apr May 2018 Notes. The Company set up a reserve
of shares of common stock of the Company for issuance upon conversion by the investor of the amounts owed under
the Notes, in accordance with the terms of the Notes, including, but not limited to the beneficial ownership limitations contained in
the Notes. In addition to the foregoing, upon the sale by the investor of the settlement shares as delivered to the investor by the Company,
resulting in total net proceeds less than the settlement value, the investor is entitled to additional settlement shares of the Company s
common stock. If after the investor has sold all settlement shares, the investor delivers a written notice to the Company certifying that
the investor is entitled to additional settlement shares of the Company s common stock (the Make-Whole Shares ). The
number of make-whole shares being equal to the greater of ((i) zero and (ii) the quotient of (1) the difference of (x) the settlement
value with respect to each sale of shares by the Investor after the delivery of the Settlement Shares, minus (y) the aggregate net consideration
received by the Investor from the resale of all shares of common stock issued by the Company, divided by (2) the average trailing closing
price for ten (10) trading days for the shares immediately preceding the date of delivery of the make-whole shares. As of December 31,
2022, the remaining balance on the May 2018 Note was , which is short term. 

.

. The
Company received funds in the amount of . The Jan 21 Note had an original maturity date of and was extended
for an additional sixty (60) months from the maturity date. In addition, for each conversion, in event that shares are not delivered by the fourth business day (inclusive of the day
of conversion), a penalty of per day shall be assessed for each day after the third business day until the shares are delivered. The
conversion feature of the Jan 25 Note was considered a derivative in accordance with current accounting guidelines because of the reset
conversion features of the Note. The Company recorded amortization of debt discount, which was recognized as interest expense in the amount
of during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the Jan 21 Note was , which is
long term. 

. 

F- 29 

Component Sales 

Waste Water Treatment Systems 

Pump Stations 

Rental Income 

Services Sales 

Commission Training 

and , respectively. The contract liability for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 

through that
date, according to the terms of the securities purchase agreement for an aggregate of . The Note was converted into shares
of WTII common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the investment in securities was recorded at fair value in the amount of , with
an unrealized loss of . 

The licensing of the intellectual property (IP)
is distinct from the non-license goods or services and has significant standalone functionality that provides a benefit or value. The
functionality will not change during the license period due to the licensor s activities. Because the significant standalone functionality
was delivered immediately, the revenue was recognized in the financial statements as of June 30, 2018. As of December 31, 2022, the fair
value of the preferred shares was , and had a loss in fair value of . 

F- 30 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received as a settlement and wrote off of secured loans payable.
The net balance as of December 31, 2022 was . 

, which included an aggregate of under the Paycheck
Protection Program (the PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, an Economic Injury Disaster Loan
(the EIDL in the amount of , and an Economic Injury Disaster Grant in the amount of . The principal and
accrued interest under the PPP was forgivable if the Company used the PPP loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits,
rent and utilities, and otherwise complied with PPP requirements. The Company used the full proceeds of the PPP loan specifically for
eligible purposes per requirements of the PPP and during the period ending December 31, 2021, the Company submitted satisfactory documentation
regarding its compliance with the applicable requirements and obtained forgiveness of the PPP loan. The Company must repay any unforgiven
principal amount, with interest, on a monthly basis following the deferral period for the EIDL. For the period ended December 31, 2021,
the aggregate amount of received under the PPP, and the Economic Injury Disaster Grant in the amount of was recognized
in the statement of operations as other income due to forgiveness. 

(60) term, with monthly payments
of per month, and a purchase option at the end of the lease for . As of December 31, 2022, the lease was paid in full. 

to effective January 1, 2018. 

, which expire at dates that have not been determined. No tax benefit has
been reported in the December 31, 2022 financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the
same amount. 

F- 31 

Tax to book differences for deductible expenses 

Tax non-deductible expenses 

Valuation Allowance 

Income tax expense 
 -
 
 -

Other carryovers 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

Less Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

and will be on a best-efforts basis. 

of the membership interests in the Sponsor. The Sponsor owns shares
out of shares of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock (the Class B Common Stock of Fortune
Rise Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware Corporation (the SPAC ). 

to the Sellers which included a total of to purchase the membership interest in Class B Common Stock of the SPAC
and for compensating the payment made by the Sellers on November 4, 2022, towards the first extension of the SPAC through February
5, 2023. In connection with the Extension Payment, the SPAC issued unsecured promissory notes to the Sellers. As of December 31, 2022,
the amount was reflected as Notes Payable to related party on the consolidated balance sheet of the SPAC. 

F- 32 

shares of Class B Common Stock
of the SPAC, each of which is exercisable into one share of Class A Common Stock of the SPAC. The purchase price for the membership interests
was . To acquire the equity interests in the SPAC for the purchase price of , WODI issued convertible secured promissory
notes to investors at interest per annum. Per the terms and conditions of the convertible promissory note, all unpaid principal, together
with any unpaid and accrued interest shall be due and payable on the earlier of the twelve (12) month of the date of the Note (the Maturity
Date (provided, WODI shall have the option to extend the Maturity Date for up to two (2) six-month extensions, or (ii) when, upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default. 

iterations for each valuation. 

on the consolidated balance sheet
as other asset. 

paid to compensate the Sellers (sponsors) towards the first extension of the SPAC through February 5, 2023 and which was reflected
as Notes Payable to related party on the consolidated balance sheet of the SPAC, was initially recorded as a receivable by WODI. However,
since the likelihood of the merger of WODI into the SPAC is estimated at , the repayment of the amount is deemed not probable as the
SPAC may not have the funds to pay all of the A class investors back with interest if a merger is not consummated. Therefore, as of December
31, 2022, WODI considered the amount impaired and recorded it as an expense on the consolidated income statements. 

shares of Series T preferred stock for a fair value of , in
conjunction with common stock purchase warrants, through an asset purchase agreement. The assets held for sale consisted of residential
property, plus eight (8) lots of undeveloped land. The real property has been listed actively on the market to be sold. Based on the offers
received and the market conditions, the Company adjusted the fair value and recognized a loss on impairment of the residential property
in the amount of . As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the property is . 

square foot facility located at 2535 E. University Drive, McKinney, TX 75069, with a current monthly
rent of . 

F- 33 

for the year ending December 31, 2022. 

into OriginClear securities pursuant to the terms set forth in the convertible promissory notes. On February 2, 2021, OriginClear
filed a Motion to Set Aside the Settlement Agreement as Void under Section 29(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act for Auctus violation of Section 15(a) of the Act. On February 21, 2023, the Court denied OriginClear s Motion to Set Aside
the Settlement Agreement. On March 8, 2023, OriginClear appealed the Court s decision to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit. 

of billings for the year ending December 31, 2022. The contract receivable
balance for the customers was at December 31, 2022. 

of billings for the year ending December 31, 2021. The contract receivable
balance for the customers was at December 31, 2021. 

of total expenses in the year ending December 31, 2022. The accounts payable
balance due to the vendors was at December 31, 2022. Management believes no risk is present with the vendors due to other suppliers
being readily available. 

of total expenses in the year ending December
31, 2021. The accounts payable balance due to the vendors was at December 31, 2021. Management believes no risk is present with
the vendors due to other suppliers being readily available. 

Series Q shares into an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock . 

Series S shares into an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock . 

F- 34 

shares of the Company s common stock of which, an aggregate of of those common
shares were redeemed by the Company between March 25, 2023 and March 28, 2023, and the redemption amount, together with cash paid by the
redeeming stockholders, were used to purchase or more convertible secured promissory notes from WODI. 

Series Y shares into an aggregate of 
 shares of the Company s common stock of which, an aggregate of of those common
shares were redeemed by the Company between March 25, 2023 and March 28, 2023, and the redemption amount, together with cash paid by the
redeeming stockholders, were used to purchase or more convertible secured promissory notes from WODI. 

employee an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock for services. 

worth of the shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares ),
par value per share. In accordance with the terms of the Financing Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement Registration
Agreement dated October 20, 2022 between the Company and GHS, the Company registered the Shares on Form S-1 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission as a condition precedent to GHS s obligation to close on the purchase of the Shares . On
December 27, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued a Notice of Effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed on Form
S-1 (File Number 333-268608) for OriginClear, Inc. Between January 10, 2023 and March 24, 2023, the Company received an aggregate net
amount of in financing pertaining to this agreement and issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common
stock to GHS. 

shares of the Company s Series Y preferred stock for an aggregate purchase price of .
The Company also issued an aggregate of warrants to purchase shares of its common stock to these investors. 

shares of the Company s common stock. 

Series O shares into an aggregate of 
 shares of the Company s common stock . 

shares of the Company s common stock in settlement of certain claims with such persons of which, an aggregate
of of those common shares were redeemed by the Company between March 28, 2023 and March 30, 2023, and the redemption amount,
together with cash paid by the redeeming stockholders, were used to purchase one or more convertible secured promissory notes from WODI. 

shares of the Company s common stock as dividends to certain holders of Series O preferred stock. 

shares of Water on Demand, Inc. common shares. The assets included certain licenses, intellectual property and contracts. 

F- 35 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_originclear.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

Exhibit
4.1 

Description
of Registrant s Securities Registered 

 Pursuant
to Section 12 of the 

 Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

As of December 31, 2022, OriginClear, Inc. (the Company had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: common stock, par value .0001
per share Common Stock ). 

Description of Common Stock 

The following description of Common Stock is a summary
and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to Form 10-K of which this Exhibit
4.1 is a part. 

Authorized Capital Stock 

The total number of shares of all classes of stock
which the Company has the authority to issue is 16,000,000,000 shares, consisting of 15,450,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value
 .0001, and 550,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock. The authorized shares of Common Stock are all one class with equal voting power and
each such share is equal to every other such share. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to one (1) vote for each share, including with respect to election of directors. Common Stock does not have
cumulative voting rights. 

Dividend
Rights 

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends if and when the Board of Directors, in its discretion, from time to time, declares
and makes a distribution to shareholders out of assets legally available in respect of the outstanding Common Stock. 

Liquidation
Rights 

Holders
of Common Stock will share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution to shareholders in the event of a dissolution. 

Other
Rights and Preferences 

Common
Stock has no redemption, preemptive, conversion, or exchange rights. 

Listing 

Common
Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink under the trading symbol OCLN. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_originclear.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 

Progressive Water Treatment, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

Water On Demand, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

Water On Demand #1, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

Water On Demand #2, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

Water On Demand #3, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

Water On Demand #4, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_originclear.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, T Riggs Eckelberry, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OriginClear, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ T Riggs Eckelberry 

T Riggs Eckelberry 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_originclear.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Prasad Tare, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OriginClear, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Prasad Tare 

Prasad Tare 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_originclear.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of OriginClear, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, T Riggs Eckelberry, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ T Riggs Eckelberry 

T Riggs Eckelberry 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_originclear.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of OriginClear, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Prasad Tare, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Prasad Tare 

Prasad Tare 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ocln-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ocln-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ocln-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ocln-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ocln-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

